

WebMD Health Corp - Kristiina Vuori Joins WebMD's Board of Directors










 






 Print page  
       Email page 
        
       
        
            Download PDF
   
	  


« Previous Release | Next Release »



Kristiina Vuori Joins WebMD's Board of Directors


NEW YORK, July 7, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ: WBMD) today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D., President and Interim CEO of Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute, to the Company's Board. The Institute is a non-profit research organization that is dedicated to discovering the fundamental molecular causes of disease and devising the innovative therapies of tomorrow, with major research programs in cancer, neurodegeneration, diabetes, and infectious, inflammatory, and childhood diseases.  Dr. Vuori leads the Institute's academic, scientific and general operations.  
Dr. Vuori also holds the Pauline and Stanley Foster Presidential Chair at the Institute and serves as Professor at the Institute's National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated Cancer Center, an interdisciplinary basic and translational research effort mobilizing over 400 scientists that is one of only seven centers designated as basic cancer research centers by the NCI.  From 2005 until 2013, Dr. Vuori also led the Cancer Center.  
"Our Board will benefit from Dr. Vuori's extensive leadership experience in medical research and education, as well as her insights into the potential impact of scientific developments on the future of medical practice and the physician-patient relationship," said Martin J. Wygod, Chairman of the Board of WebMD. 
Dr. Vuori earned her M.D. and Ph.D. degrees at University of Oulu, Finland.  After completing her internship and residency, she received postdoctoral training at Sanford-Burnham from 1992 to 1995 and was appointed to the faculty in 1996.  Dr. Vuori has received numerous research grants and awards from NIH, NCI, Department of Defense (DoD), Stand Up To Cancer Dream Team, and the California Cancer Research Programs.  Dr. Vuori serves on the Boards of Directors for the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM), and the California Breast Cancer Research Council.  Additionally, Dr. Vuori serves in a wide variety of advisory capacities to NCI and other cancer organizations.  
Commenting on her appointment, Dr. Vuori said:  "I look forward to being a resource in the efforts to build on Medscape's and WebMD's leadership in providing trusted content as they are becoming channels for healthcare communication and information exchange that better serve the needs of our evolving healthcare system."
Dr. Vuori is joining WebMD's Board as an additional Class III director. Class III directors' current terms expire at the Company's 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Her appointment expands the size of WebMD's Board from 10 to 11 members.
About WebMD  WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ: WBMD) is the leading provider of health information services, serving consumers, physicians, healthcare professionals, employers, and health plans through our public and private online portals, mobile platforms and health-focused publications. 
The WebMD Health Network includes WebMD Health, Medscape, MedicineNet, eMedicineHealth, RxList, Medscape Education and other owned WebMD sites.
All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future events or results to be different than those described in or implied by such forward-looking statements, including risks and uncertainties regarding: competition for advertisers and sponsors for our public portals and mobile platforms; changes in financial markets; changes in economic, political or regulatory conditions or other trends affecting the healthcare, Internet and information technology industries. Further information about these matters can be found in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update our 
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
WebMD®, Medscape®, CME Circle®, Medpulse®, eMedicine®, MedicineNet®, theheart.org® and RxList® are among the trademarks of WebMD Health Corp. or its subsidiaries.
SOURCE  WebMD Health Corp.


News Provided by Acquire Media
Close window | Back to top







 

Kristiina Vuori M.D., Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:59 AM ET
Life Sciences Tools and Services

Company Overview of Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kristiina   Vuori M.D., Ph.D.President and Trustee, Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery InstituteAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships49--
Background

		Dr. Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D. has been the President of Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (alternative name Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute) since April 2010 and is responsible for its academic, scientific and general operations. Dr. Vuori is a Pauline and Stanley Foster Presidential Chair at Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute. She joined Sanford-Burnham (then La Jolla Cancer Research Foundation) in 1992. She serves as Professor ... at Sanford-Burnham's National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated Cancer Center. From 2005 to 2013, Dr. Vuori also led the Cancer Center. She was appointed to the faculty of Sanford-Burnham in 1996. She also serves in a wide variety of advisory capacities to NCI and other cancer organizations, including advisory roles for the NCI's Developmental Therapeutics Program, Center for Strategic Scientific Initiatives and the National Cancer Advisory Board. She served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute since January 2013 until August 2014. Since 2008, She served as an Executive Vice President of Scientific Affairs at Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute. She served as a Deputy Director of Sanford-Burnham's Cancer Center since 2003 and Director of Cancer Center since 2006. She is Co-Director of the Conrad Prebys Center for Chemical Genomics at Sanford-Burnham. Dr. Vuori serves on the Boards of Directors for the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM), and the California Breast Cancer Research Council. Dr. Vuori has been an Independent Director at WebMD Health Corp. (formerly, HLTH Corporation) and WebMD, LLC since July 2014. She serves as a Trustee of Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute. She also served on numerous editorial boards for scientific journals and institutional scientific advisory boards. Dr. Vuori has received numerous research grants and awards from NIH, NCI, Department of Defense (DoD), Stand Up To Cancer Dream Team and the California Cancer Research Programs. Dr. Vuori holds M.D. and Ph.D. at the University of Oulu, Finland. She completed internship and residency, she received postdoctoral training at Sanford-Burnham from 1992 to 1995.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
10901 North Torrey Pines RoadLa Jolla, California 92037United StatesPhone: 858-646-3100Fax: 858-646-3199
Board Members Memberships
President and TrusteeSanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute2014-PresentIndependent DirectorWebMD Health Corp.2014-PresentDirectorWebMD, LLC
Education
PhD Oulun yliopistoMD Oulun yliopisto
Other Affiliations
WebMD Health Corp.WebMD, LLCOulun yliopisto


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close












































Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D. | SBP






































    Skip to main content








Home


Leadership







Search









Enter the terms you wish to search for.

 







Toggle navigation





















Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.



































Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D. 

 
President


 
Pauline and Stanley Foster Presidential Chair


 
Professor
Tumor Microenvironment and Cancer Immunology Program


 





Center

NCI-Designated Cancer Center



Email
kvuori@SBPdiscovery.org


Phone
(858)646-3129


Fax
(858)795-5272


Research Assistant Professor(s)

Darren "Ben" Finlay, Ph.D.





Research
Bio






Kristiina Vuori's Research Focus

Related Diseases > Cancer, Brain Cancer, Breast Cancer, Leukemia/Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Prostate Cancer

Dr. Vuori's research is aimed at unraveling the cell mechanisms of the most life-threatening aspect of cancer, which is cancer metastasis. Metastasis is responsible for nearly all deaths in cancer patients, and understanding of the mechanisms that turn a cancer from a locally growing tumor into highly metastatic cancer cells will provide clues how to prevent this step in cancer progression. All cells in our body stick to one another and to the packaging material, or extracellular matrix, around them. This adhesion is essential for cell survival; if cells become detached from their microenvironment, they will die through a process known as apoptosis. This phenomenon, which is called adhesion dependency of survival, is one of the safeguards that maintain the integrity and normal function of tissues, and prevent cells from becoming cancerous. Normal cells cannot detach from their tissue and establish themselves somewhere else, because they will die on the way. Yet cancer cells somehow get around this requirement; they trespass aggressively into other tissues and metastasize to distant sites in the body without dying. Dr. Vuori’s work is aimed at identifying the molecular mechanisms that in normal cells makes them adhesion-dependent; false action of the very same mechanisms is likely to be the key step in allowing cancer cells to metastasize.



Kristiina Vuori's Bio
Kristiina Vuori earned her M.D. and Ph.D. at University of Oulu, Finland. After completion of internship and residency, she received postdoctoral training at Sanford-Burnham and was appointed to faculty in 1996. Dr. Vuori was selected as a PEW Scholar in the Biomedical Sciences in 1997. She has been co-Director of the Conrad Prebys Center for Chemical Genomics, housed at SBP, since its inception in 2005. She was appointed Deputy Director of the Institute's NCI-Designated Cancer Center in 2003, and Director of the Cancer Center in 2006. In 2008, she was appointed Executive Vice President for Scientific Affairs at SBP. She has been President of the Institute since April 2010.
















 



Publications

Select
Recent






Sceptrin, a marine natural compound, inhibits cell motility in a variety of cancer cell lines.
Cipres A, O'Malley DP, Li K, Finlay D, Baran PS, Vuori K

ACS Chem Biol 2010 Feb 19;5(2):195-202                      




Critical role for caspase-8 in epidermal growth factor signaling.
Finlay D, Howes A, Vuori K

Cancer Res 2009 Jun 15;69(12):5023-9                      




Cell biology. Two lipids that give direction.
Côté JF, Vuori K

Science 2009 Apr 17;324(5925):346-7                      





Show All Select Publications







Analysis of variability in high throughput screening data: applications to melanoma cell lines and drug responses.
Ding KF, Finlay D, Yin H, Hendricks WP, Sereduk C, Kiefer J, Sekulic A, LoRusso PM, Vuori K, Trent JM, Schork NJ

Oncotarget 2017 Feb 15;                      




Characterization of Potent SMAC Mimetics that Sensitize Cancer Cells to TNF Family-Induced Apoptosis.
Welsh K, Milutinovic S, Ardecky RJ, Gonzalez-Lopez M, Ganji SR, Teriete P, Finlay D, Riedl S, Matsuzawa S, Pinilla C, Houghten R, Vuori K, Reed JC, Cosford ND

PLoS One 2016 Sep 12;11(9):e0161952                      




Novel Role of Src in Priming Pyk2 Phosphorylation.
Zhao M, Finlay D, Zharkikh I, Vuori K

PLoS One 2016 Feb 11;11(2):e0149231                      





































WBMD Kristiina Vuori Insider Trades for WebMD Health Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































WebMD Health Corp.

                  NASDAQ: WBMD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

WebMD Health Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


WBMD

/quotes/zigman/98206/composite


$
66.21




Change

+0.03
+0.04%

Volume
Volume 7,826
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/98206/composite
Previous close

$
			66.20
		


$
				66.18
			
Change

-0.02
-0.03%





Day low
Day high
$66.17
$66.24










52 week low
52 week high

            $48.10
        

            $66.34
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kristiina Vuori



Dr. Kristiina Vuori is President at Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute, Vice President-Legal Affairs & Human Resources at Gasum Oy and a Professor at National Cancer Institute. He is on the Board of Directors at WebMD Health Corp., American Association for Cancer Research, California Breast Cancer Research Program and California Institute for Regenerative Medicine. He received his doctorate degree from the University of Oulu.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/12/2016
400


 
Disposition at $53.02 per share.


21,208


12/12/2016
1,161


 
Disposition at $53.01 per share.


61,545


11/15/2016
928


 
Award at $53.83 per share.


49,954


11/15/2015
1,161


 
Award at $43.04 per share.


49,969


11/15/2014
1,262


 
Award at $39.6 per share.


49,975





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Martin J. Wygod 
Chairman




Dr. Steven L. Zatz 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Blake  DeSimone 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Rick  Treese 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Adam  Dublin 
Senior Vice President-Strategy & Analytics




Mr. Lewis H. Leicher 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Anthony  Vuolo 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Ian Godwin Banwell 
Director




Ms. Risa  Fisher 
Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Adam  Grossberg 
Chief Communications Officer




Ms. Kathleen  Tourjee 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Douglas W. Wamsley 
Secretary, Executive VP & Co-General Counsel




Mr. Michael B. Glick 
Executive Vice President & Co-General Counsel




Mr. Stanley S. Trotman 
Independent Director




Mr. James V. Manning 
Independent Director




Mr. Neil F. Dimick 
Independent Director




Dr. Mark J. Adler 
Independent Director




Dr. Kristiina  Vuori 
Independent Director




Mr. William J. Marino 
Independent Director




Mr. Joseph E. Smith 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:59 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Kristiina MD  Vuori - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Kristiina MD  Vuori
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Kristiina MD  Vuori. Find out Kristiina MD  Vuori address and contact details. View other people related to Kristiina MD  Vuori - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O WEBMD HEALTH CORP. 111 EIGHTH AVENUE NEW YORK 10011 NY




Companies related to Kristiina MD  Vuori
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001326583WebMD Health Corp.Director 395 HUDSON STREET  NEW YORK 10014




Kristiina MD  Vuori on the Web
Persons related to Kristiina MD  Vuori - WebMD Health Corp.NamePositionCityMARK J MD  ADLERDirector ELMWOOD PARKMARK J MD  ADLERDirector NEW YORKMARK J MD  ADLERDirector NEW YORK,MARK J MD  ADLERDirector NEW YORKMARK J MD  ADLERDirector NEW YORKPeter  AnevskiExec VP and CFO NEW YORKPeter  AnevskiExec VP and CFO NEW YORKIAN  BANWELLDirector CHARLOTTEPAUL A  BROOKEDirector NEW YORKKevin M  CameronDirector ELMWOOD PARKKevin M  CameronDirector NEW YORKKevin M  CameronDirector NEW YORK,Kevin M  CameronDirector NEW YORKKevin M  CameronNEW YORKThomas Jason  ColemanDirector GREENWICHBlake  DeSimoneChief Financial Officer NEW YORKNEIL F  DIMICKDirector COSTA MESANEIL F  DIMICKDirector NEW YORKNEIL F  DIMICKDirector NEW YORKNEIL F  DIMICKELMWOOD PARKNEIL F  DIMICKDirector NEW YORKNan Kirsten  ForteExecutive VP-Consumer Services NEW YORKNan Kirsten  ForteExecutive VP-Consumer Services NEW YORK,Craig J  FroudeEVP-Health Services NEW YORKCraig J  FroudeEVP - Health Services NEW YORK,MARK D  FUNSTONExecutive VP and CFO NEW YORKDavid A  GangEVP - Product/Programming, CTO NEW YORKWAYNE T  GATTINELLACEO and President NEW YORKWAYNE T  GATTINELLACEO and President NEW YORK,WAYNE T  GATTINELLANEW YORK,Michael B  GlickExec VP and Co-General Counsel NEW YORKMichael B  GlickExec VP and Co-General Counsel NEW YORKMichael B  GlickNEW YORKRIVER LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  HIGHWHITE PLAINSHLTH CORP10% Owner ELMWOOD PARKCARL C  ICAHN10% Owner NEW YORKCARL C  ICAHN10% Owner NEW YORKICAHN PARTNERS LPWHITE PLAINSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND II L.P.GRAND CAYMAN, CAYMAN ISLANDSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND II L.P.WHITE PLAINSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND III L.P.WHITE PLAINSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND III L.P.GRAND CAYMAN, CAYMAN ISLANDSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND III L.P.GEORGE TOWNICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND LPWHITE PLAINSICAHN PARTNERS MASTER FUND LPGEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMANJEROME C  KELLERDirector COLUMBIAJEROME C  KELLERDirector NEW YORKJEROME C  KELLERDirector NEW YORK,JEROME C  KELLERDirector NEW YORKKensico Associates LPGREENWICHKensico Capital, LLCGREENWICHKENSICO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT CORP10% Owner GREENWICHKensico Offshore Fund II Master Ltd.GREENWICHKensico Offshore Fund Master, Ltd.GREENWICHKensico Partners, L.P.GREENWICHMichael Bernard  LowensteinGREENWICHJAMES V  MANNINGDirector LANHAMJAMES V  MANNINGDirector NEW YORKJAMES V  MANNINGDirector NEW YORK,JAMES V  MANNINGDirector NEW YORKJAMES V  MANNINGDirector NEW YORKDavid C  MarekExecutive VP- Consumer Svces NEW YORKDavid C  MarekExecutive Vice President NEW YORKWILLIAM J  MARINODirector MOUNTAIN LAKESWILLIAM J  MARINODirector NEW YORKWILLIAM J  MARINODirector NEW YORKGregory A.  MasonNEW YORK,Gregory A.  MasonExecutive VP-Consumer Services NEW YORKAbdool Rahim MD  MoossaDirector NEW YORKAbdool Rahim MD  MoossaDirector NEW YORK,William Edward  Pence IVEVP, COO and CTO NEW YORKWilliam Edward  Pence IVEVP and CTO NEW YORK,William Edward  Pence IVEVP and CTO NEW YORKCavan M.  RedmondChief Executive Officer NEW YORKHERMAN  SARKOWSKYDirector NEW YORKHERMAN  SARKOWSKYDirector NEW YORK,HERMAN  SARKOWSKYDirector NEW YORKDavid S.  SchechterDirector NEW YORKDavid J  SchlangerChief Executive Officer NEW YORKDavid J  SchlangerChief Executive Officer NEW YORKJOSEPH E  SMITHDirector WOODCLIFF LAKEJOSEPH E  SMITHDirector NEW YORKJOSEPH E  SMITHDirector NEW YORK,JOSEPH E  SMITHDirector NEW YORKSOROS FUND MANAGEMENT LLCNEW YORKGEORGE  SOROSNEW YORKGEORGE  SOROSNEW YORKRobert  SorosNEW YORKRichard  TreeseExec VP and CTO NEW YORKSTANLEY S  TROTMAN JRDirector STANLEY S  TROTMAN JRDirector NEW YORKSTANLEY S  TROTMAN JRDirector NEW YORK,STANLEY S  TROTMAN JRDirector NEW YORKANTHONY  VUOLOExec VP & CFO NEW YORKANTHONY  VUOLOCOO and CFO NEW YORK,Kristiina MD  VuoriDirector NEW YORKDouglas W  WamsleyExec VP, Co-Gen Counsel & Secy NEW YORKDouglas W  WamsleyExecutive VP, General Counsel NEW YORK,Douglas W  WamsleyExec VP, Co-Gen Counsel & Secy NEW YORKWEBMD CORP /NEW/ELMWOOD PARKMARTIN J  WYGODChairman of the Board ELMWOOD PARKMARTIN J  WYGODChairman of the Board NEW YORKMARTIN J  WYGODChairman of the Board NEW YORK,MARTIN J  WYGODChairman of the Board NEW YORKSTEVEN L  ZATZChief Executive Officer ELMWOOD PARKSTEVEN L  ZATZPresident NEW YORKSTEVEN L  ZATZExecutive VP-Professional Svcs NEW YORK,STEVEN L  ZATZExecutive VP-Professional Svcs NEW YORK,STEVEN L  ZATZPresident NEW YORK












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Kristiina Vuori Joins WebMD’s Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Kristiina Vuori Joins WebMD's Board of Directors

Jul 07, 2014, 08:30 ET
		  		  														
						 from   WebMD Health Corp. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, July 7, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ:   WBMD) today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D., President and Interim CEO of Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute, to the Company's Board. The Institute is a non-profit research organization that is dedicated to discovering the fundamental molecular causes of disease and devising the innovative therapies of tomorrow, with major research programs in cancer, neurodegeneration, diabetes, and infectious, inflammatory, and childhood diseases.  Dr. Vuori leads the Institute's academic, scientific and general operations.  
Dr. Vuori also holds the Pauline and Stanley Foster Presidential Chair at the Institute and serves as Professor at the Institute's National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated Cancer Center, an interdisciplinary basic and translational research effort mobilizing over 400 scientists that is one of only seven centers designated as basic cancer research centers by the NCI.  From 2005 until 2013, Dr. Vuori also led the Cancer Center.  
"Our Board will benefit from Dr. Vuori's extensive leadership experience in medical research and education, as well as her insights into the potential impact of scientific developments on the future of medical practice and the physician-patient relationship," said Martin J. Wygod, Chairman of the Board of WebMD. 
Dr. Vuori earned her M.D. and Ph.D. degrees at University of Oulu, Finland.  After completing her internship and residency, she received postdoctoral training at Sanford-Burnham from 1992 to 1995 and was appointed to the faculty in 1996.  Dr. Vuori has received numerous research grants and awards from NIH, NCI, Department of Defense (DoD), Stand Up To Cancer Dream Team, and the California Cancer Research Programs.  Dr. Vuori serves on the Boards of Directors for the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM), and the California Breast Cancer Research Council.  Additionally, Dr. Vuori serves in a wide variety of advisory capacities to NCI and other cancer organizations.  
Commenting on her appointment, Dr. Vuori said:  "I look forward to being a resource in the efforts to build on Medscape's and WebMD's leadership in providing trusted content as they are becoming channels for healthcare communication and information exchange that better serve the needs of our evolving healthcare system."
Dr. Vuori is joining WebMD's Board as an additional Class III director. Class III directors' current terms expire at the Company's 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  Her appointment expands the size of WebMD's Board from 10 to 11 members.
About WebMD  
WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ:   WBMD) is the leading provider of health information services, serving consumers, physicians, healthcare professionals, employers, and health plans through our public and private online portals, mobile platforms and health-focused publications. 
The WebMD Health Network includes WebMD Health, Medscape, MedicineNet, eMedicineHealth, RxList, Medscape Education and other owned WebMD sites.
All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future events or results to be different than those described in or implied by such forward-looking statements, including risks and uncertainties regarding: competition for advertisers and sponsors for our public portals and mobile platforms; changes in financial markets; changes in economic, political or regulatory conditions or other trends affecting the healthcare, Internet and information technology industries. Further information about these matters can be found in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update our forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
WebMD®, Medscape®, CME Circle®, Medpulse®, eMedicine®, MedicineNet®, theheart.org® and RxList® are among the trademarks of WebMD Health Corp. or its subsidiaries.
 SOURCE  WebMD Health Corp.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jul 14, 2014, 08:30 ET
Preview: WebMD Announces Second Quarter Earnings Release Date And Conference Call













Jun 19, 2014, 16:01 ET
Preview: WebMD Commences Litigation Against Everyday Health for Trademark Infringement






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
'In Their Own Words: Moving Beyond Migraine with Robin Roberts'...








Jul 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
WebMD Provides Preliminary Second Quarter Financial Results








Jul 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
WebMD To Be Acquired By KKR's Internet Brands











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




































Our Governing Board | California's Stem Cell Agency






























Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Google Plus
RSS Feed
LinkedIn
Flickr













California's Stem Cell Agency

California Institute for Regenerative Medicine








Our Governing Board





About the Governing Board
CIRM is governed by a 29-member Governing Board, the Independent Citizens’ Oversight Committee, which is composed of Californians with expertise in: (1) managing large research grants and complex institutions and conducting cutting edge medical research; (2) understanding the critical path for the development of successful experimental medical treatments and directing the approval process through the Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory bodies and ethical committees; and (3) advocating on behalf of Californians who suffer from a variety of chronic diseases and injuries. Among other responsibilities, the Board is charged with: (1) adopting scientific, medical, ethical, and intellectual property policies; (2) making final decisions on all grant and loan awards; and (3) overseeing the operations of CIRM. The board is made up of:
Patient Advocates Our patient advocate members keep the agency's focus where it belongs: on the people who need cures for chronic disease and injury. They represent a wide range of diseases including diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, HIV/AIDS, mental health and spinal cord injury.
Biotechnology Industry The biotechnology leaders on our board ensure that our policies and funding draw on California's biotechnology expertise. With these board members guiding agency decisions we have confidence that the industry will be poised to work with CIRM to accelerate the process of getting these new therapies to the patients who need them.
Research Leaders Having leaders in biomedical research on our board provides the agency with scientific expertise needed to direct the agency's funding initiatives. These members head nationally ranked medical schools and research institutes with track records of moving basic research to the clinic.



ICOC Board members Jonathan Thomas and Senator Art Torres.


Board appointments
Board members are appointed as follows:
UC Chancellors: the Chancellors of University of California San Francisco, Davis, Los Angeles, San Diego and Irvine, can each appoint a single executive officer from the campus.
Governor: An executive from a California University, an executive from a nonprofit research institution, an executive from a California life sciences company, a patient advocate for spinal cord injury, a patient advocate for Alzheimer's disease.
Lieutenant Governor: An executive from a California University, an executive from a nonprofit research institution, an executive from a California life sciences company, a patient advocate for type 2 diabetes, a patient advocate for either multiple sclerosis or ALS.
Treasurer: An executive from a California University, an executive from a nonprofit research institution, an executive from a California life sciences company, a patient advocate for type 1 diabetes, a patient advocate for heart disease.
Controller: An executive from a California University, an executive from a nonprofit research institution, an executive from a California life sciences company, a patient advocate for cancer, a patient advocate for Parkinson's disease.
Speaker of the Assembly: A patient advocate for mental health.
President pro Tempore: A patient advocate for HIV/AIDS.
In addition, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Treasurer and Controller each nominate one person for the position of Chair and Vice-chair. The appointed members of the governing board vote from among those nominees to select those two positions.
More Information About our Board



About the ICOC

List and Biographies of ICOC Members 
List of ICOC Alternate Members 
ICOC Bylaws (Updated 12.17.15)
Code of conduct 



Upcoming Board Meetings

Please visit our public meetings page for upcoming Board meetings. The agenda for these meetings are generally posted one week in advance of the Board meeting date. Our 2017 Board meeting schedule is listed below.
January 19th, 2017, Telephonic
February 23rd, 2017 Bay Area
March 23rd, 2017,  Telephonic
April 27th, 2017, Telephonic - Cancelled
May 25th, 2017, Telephonic
June 29th, 2017, Bay Area
July 20, 2017, Telephonic
August, 24th, 2017, Telephonic
September 21st, 2017, Bay Area
October 26th, 2017, Telephonic
November 30, 2017, Telephonic
December 14th, 2017, Bay Area
List of 2017 Board Meetings *Meeting dates and locations are subject to change
ICOC meeting agendas and transcripts are available in the meeting archives.



ICOC Subcommittees

Subcommittees of the Board advise the Board on specific issues within the subcommittee’s subject area.  Subcommittees help the Board work efficiently through various subject areas by creating subsets of Board members with specific expertise and interest in the given subject area.
List of Subcommittee Members 
Application Review
Communications
Evaluation
Finance
Governance
Intellectual Property and Industry Engagement
Legislative
Science


 


 






 Share


Print
 




 

 




































Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D. | California's Stem Cell Agency






























Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Google Plus
RSS Feed
LinkedIn
Flickr













California's Stem Cell Agency

California Institute for Regenerative Medicine








Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.



An executive officer of a California Research Institute
Appointed by the Lt. Governor
Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D., is President of the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP), Pauline & Stanley Foster Presidential Chair, and Professor at the Institute’s National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated Cancer Center.
As President of SBP, Dr. Vuori is responsible for the Institute’s academic and scientific activities.  SBP is one of the fastest-growing research institutes in the country, with 1,200 employees and operations in San Diego, California and Orlando, Florida.  The Institute has major research programs in cancer, neurodegeneration, diabetes, and infectious, inflammatory, and childhood diseases, and is especially known for its world-class capabilities in stem cell research and drug discovery technologies. The Institute also takes great pride in educating and training the next-generation of outstanding biomedical scientists, and the SBP faculty have prepared thousands of trainees, graduate students and post-doctoral fellows for successful careers during the last 40 years. SBP ranks among the top independent research institutions nationally for National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant funding and among the top organizations worldwide for its research impact, as measured by citations per publications. 
Throughout her career, Dr. Vuori has received numerous research grants and awards from NIH, NCI, Department of Defense (DoD), Stand Up To Cancer Dream Team, and the California Cancer Research Programs.  Dr. Vuori was selected as a PEW Scholar in the Biomedical Sciences in 1997 (dubbed as “20 most promising scientists in America”).  She was elected to the National Academy of Inventors (NAI) in 2014.  Additionally, Dr. Vuori has served in a wide variety of advisory capacities to NCI and other cancer organizations, including advisory roles for the NCI's Developmental Therapeutics Program, Center for Strategic Scientific Initiatives, and the National Cancer Advisory Board.  She has served on several NIH and DoD study sections, and is the past chair of the DoD Breast Cancer Research Program’s prestigious “Innovator Award” panel.  Dr. Vuori has served or currently serves on Board of Directors for American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), California Breast Cancer Research Program (CBCRP), Florida Inventors Hall of Fame and WebMD.  She also serves on numerous editorial boards for scientific journals, institutional scientific advisory boards, and as consultant for pharmaceutical companies.  Additionally, she is co-founder of three biotechnology companies.  Orally bioavailable drugs to combat chemotherapy-induced anemia that have been developed based on Dr. Vuori’s discoveries are currently undergoing phase II clinical testing.
Dr. Vuori earned her M.D. and Ph.D. degrees at University of Oulu, Finland.  After completion of internship and residency, she received postdoctoral training at SBP in 1992-1995 with then-President & CEO Dr. Erkki Ruoslahti.  Dr. Vuori was appointed to faculty in 1996.  She was appointed Deputy Director of the Institute's NCI-designated Cancer Center in 2003, and served as Director of the Cancer Center in 2005-2013.  She served as Executive Vice President for Scientific Affairs in 2008-2010, and she has been President of the Institute since 2010.  Additionally, she served as an interim CEO from 2013 to 2014.
Alternate Member
Carl Ware, Ph.D.Director, Laboratory of Molecular Immunology, Professor & Director Infectious and Inflammatory Disease Center
Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute
Dr. Carl F. Ware received his Ph.D. in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from the University of California, Irvine in 1979.  Professor Ware is a leading expert in cytokines and their biology and clinical utiltiy, having discovered several cytokines.  From 1979-81, while supported by a prestigious National Research Service Award from the NIH, Dr. Ware conducted research at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio in membrane biochemistry and the complement system with Dr. W. Kolb. In 1981, Dr. Ware joined the research groups of Dr. Jack Strominger and Dr. Tim Springer at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Harvard Medical School, where he developed monoclonal antibodies to discover several membrane proteins (now known as integrins) associated with T cell function.  Dr. Ware established his research laboratory in 1982, in the Biomedical Sciences Program at the University of California, Riverside, before joining the La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology in 1996 as Head of the Division of Molecular Immunology.  Dr. Ware also holds a joint appointment in the Department of Biology at the University of California, San Diego. In 2010, Dr. Ware was recruited to Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute as Director of the Infectious and Inflammatory Diseases Center, where he continues his research in molecular immunology and virology, and translating his discoveries into new therapies for cancer, infectious and autoimmune diseases.  Two of Dr. Ware’s discoveries in the TNF superfamily, LTβ and LIGHT, are now in clinical development. He is recipient of a National Merit Award from the National Institutes of Health and serves on the scientific advisory boards for the Arthritis National Research Foundation and the American Asthma Foundation, and is past President of the International Cytokine Society and advisor for the TNF SuperFamily conferences.






 Share


Print
 




 

 



























CIRM Governance | California's Stem Cell Agency





























Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Google Plus
RSS Feed
LinkedIn
Flickr













California's Stem Cell Agency

California Institute for Regenerative Medicine








CIRM Governance







  
 Representing Patients, Researchers, Biotechnology—and You  

 



 



CIRM Governance












Our Board
Scientists, business leaders & patients direct our work

Governing Board/ICOC
Subcommittees
Leadership Bios




 











Working Groups
Working groups of international experts guide our board

Facilities
Grants
Standards




 











Records and Regulations
View all official CIRM public records and regulations

Stem Cell Grant Regulations
Research Guidance Documents
CIRM Public Records





 








      Upcoming Public Meetings    



      There are no upcoming meetings scheduled at this time.    

See all public meetings 
 



      About the CIRM Governing Board    

CIRM is governed by 29 dedicated Californians representing patients, researchers and the biotechnology industry whose knowledge, passion and commitment to CIRM's mission has guided the organization since it's inception.
These board members serve on eleven subcommittees and on the three working groups that provide recommendations to the board regarding CIRM funding, ethical standards and facilities.
Leadership Bios




      Our Accomplishments    

Explore CIRM's funding and progress toward cures:
CIRM-funded clinical trials
CIRM Alpha Stem Cell Clinics Network
Our Strategic Plan for 2016 and Beyond
Disease areas we fund
Search all grants
 



      CIRM Tribute to Duane Roth    

"On behalf of all the CIRM family, we mourn the loss of our colleague and dear friend Duane Roth, who died yesterday." Jonathan Thomas, CIRM Board Chair. Read his full statement.
This is CIRM's video memorial of our valued board member and colleague:










 










Kristiina Vuori - WebMD Health Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsKristiina VuoriWebMD Health (WBMD)Director Not RankedKristiina Vuori's PerformanceKristiina Vuori has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% WebMD Health (WBMD)$158KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesWebMD Health (WBMD): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: WebMD Health (WBMD)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Dec 13, 2016 - TodayGain: -24.4%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Kristiina Vuori's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateWBMDWebMD HealthDirector$158,464Informative Sell$82,752.61Dec 13, 2016Success Rate on Stock0 out of 1 profitable transactions on WBMDAverage Profit on StockAverage return per transaction on WBMD -24.4% Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Dec 13, 2016 Informative Sell $83K 1,561 $53.14 -24.40%  Nov 17, 2016 Uninformative Buy $50K 928 $53.91 N/A  Nov 16, 2015 Uninformative Buy $50K 1,161 $43.57 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by



























VUORI KRISTIINA MD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      VUORI KRISTIINA MD
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Vuori Kristiina MD is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from VUORI KRISTIINA MD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




vuori kristiina md


C/O WEBMD HEALTH CORP.

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10011









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 01/03/2017
4 filed on 12/13/2016
4 filed on 11/17/2016
4 filed on 01/04/2016
4 filed on 11/16/2015
4 filed on 01/05/2015
4 filed on 11/17/2014
4 filed on 07/08/2014
3 filed on 07/08/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















