



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Johnnie Walker - Wikipedia






















 






Johnnie Walker

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Johnnie Walker (disambiguation).

Johnnie Walker
Walker's Kilmarnock Whisky (former)




Type
Scotch Whisky


Manufacturer
Diageo


Country of origin
Scotland


Introduced
1820: Grocery store
1865: Scotch blending


Discontinued
White Label


Variants
Red Label, Black Label, Double Black Label, Swing, Swing Superior Label, Pure Malt Label, Green Label, Island Green Label, Gold Label, Gold Label Reserve, Platinum Label, XR 21 Years Label, Oldest, Blue Label, Blue Label King George V, The John Walker


Related products
Ballantine's, Buchanan's, Chivas Regal, Cutty Sark, Dewar's, Vat 69


Johnnie Walker is a brand of Scotch whisky owned by Diageo that originates from the Scottish town of Kilmarnock, a large burgh in East Ayrshire, which is where the brand's creator, John Walker began making and distilling the whisky in the Johnnie Walker Bond located in the town centre. It is the most widely distributed brand of blended Scotch whisky in the world, sold in almost every country, with annual sales of the equivalent of over 226.2 million 750 ml bottles in 2015 (169.2 million litres).[1]
Despite being the birthplace of both John Walker, the creator of Johnnie Walker, and the Johnnie Walker brand and whisky itself, the brand's owners, Diageo, made the decision in 2009 to close all operations in the town of Kilmarnock, meeting with backlash from local people, local politics and then First Minister of Scotland, Alex Salmond. Despite petitions, a large-scale march around Kilmarnock and pressure placed upon the Scottish Government to persuade Diageo to change their minds, Diageo continued to press ahead with the closure. The Johnnie Walker plant situated in Hill Street in Kilmarnock closed its doors in March 2012[2].



Contents


1 History

1.1 Closure in Kilmarnock, Scotland


2 Blends

2.1 Standard blends
2.2 Special/limited bottlings


3 Marketing

3.1 Controversies

3.1.1 2015 forged kosher certification allegations




4 Accolades
5 Sponsorships
6 In popular culture

6.1 Music
6.2 Literature
6.3 Television
6.4 Cultural figures


7 Gallery
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Alexander Walker, son of John Walker, inherited the business following his father's death


Originally known as Walker's Kilmarnock Whisky, the Johnnie Walker brand is a legacy left by John "Johnnie" Walker after he started to sell whisky in his grocer's shop in Ayrshire, Scotland. The brand became popular, but after Walker's death in 1857 it was his son Alexander Walker and grandson Alexander Walker II who were largely responsible for establishing the whisky as a popular brand. Under John Walker, whisky sales represented eight percent of the firm's income; by the time Alexander was ready to pass on the company to his own sons, that figure had increased to between 90 and 95 percent.[3][4]
During that time John Walker sold a number of single malt whiskies—notably his own Walker's Kilmarnock. In 1867, he launched Johnnie Walker's first commercial blend and called it Old Highland Whisky. He then made the astute move of engaging ships' captains as his agents to carry his whisky wherever ships could sail. Before long, his unique blend was available around the globe.[5]
Alexander Walker introduced the iconic square bottle in 1860. This meant more bottles fitting the same space and resulted in fewer broken bottles. The other identifying characteristic of the Johnnie Walker bottle is the label, which is applied at an angle of 24 degrees and allows text to be made larger and more visible.[6]
From 1906 to 1909, John's grandsons George and Alexander II expanded the line and introduced the colour names. In 1908, when James Stevenson was the Managing Director, the re-branding was finalised and in 1909, Special Old Highland Whisky was renamed Johnnie Walker Red Label while the Extra Special Old Highland Whisky was renamed Johnnie Walker Black Label.[5] In addition, the slogan "Born 1820—Still going Strong!" was created, along with the Striding Man logo, a figure used in their advertisements to this day, created by illustrator Tom Browne, in honour of the founder, and given the same name.
Johnnie Walker White was dropped during World War I.[7] In 1932, Alexander II added Johnnie Walker Swing to the line, the name originating from the unusual shape of the bottle, which allowed it to rock back and forth.
The company joined Distillers Company in 1925. Distillers was acquired by Guinness in 1986, and Guinness merged with Grand Metropolitan to form Diageo in 1997.
Closure in Kilmarnock, Scotland[edit]
On 1 July 2009, Bryan Donaghey, Diageo Managing Director for Global Supply Scotland, announced that Diageo intended to cease production at the plant in Kilmarnock. Under a restructuring programme across Scotland, production would be moved from the brand's original home to Diageo plants in Leven, Fife, and Shieldhall, Glasgow. News of the planned closure had widespread media attention and condemnation. Following the decision, a public campaign was waged to try to persuade Diageo to reverse this decision. However, on 9 September 2009 Diageo stated that they intended to press ahead with the move away from Kilmarnock and that the matter was "closed".[8]
The Johnnie Walker plant, the largest employer in the town of Kilmarnock, closed its doors in March 2012.[9]
Blends[edit]
For most of its history Johnnie Walker only offered a few blends. In recent years there have been several special and limited bottlings.
Standard blends[edit]




A variety of blends.



Red Label: a 75 proof (40% ABV) blend of 35 grain and malt whiskies. It is intended for making mixed drinks.[10] According to William Manchester this was the favorite Scotch of Winston Churchill, who mixed it with soda.[11] Red Label has been reported to be former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney's drink of choice.[12]
Black Label: a 75 proof (40% ABV) blend of about 40 whiskies, each aged at least 12 years. Caol Ila and Talisker are the dominating single malts in this blend. This drink was the favorite of journalist Christopher Hitchens, and as seen in Blade Runner.[13]
Double Black Label: a new addition, the whisky was created taking Black Label as a blueprint and influenced by peaty West Coast and Islay malts and matured in heavily charred old oak casks.[14]





Johnnie Walker Blue label bottle in a gift box.



Green Label: a 75 proof (43% ABV) whisky, this variety is a blended malt, meaning it is made just from single-malts with no grain whisky added. Green Label uses predominantly four malts "drawn from the four corners of Scotland." Each of the malts (Talisker, Linkwood, Cragganmore, and Caol Ila) was selected by the blender for balance, with each malt whisky matured for a minimum of 15 years.[15][16][17]
Gold Label: a 75 proof (40% ABV) blend of over 15 single malts, particularly Clynelish. It was derived from Alexander Walker II's blending notes for a whisky to commemorate Johnnie Walker's centenary. His original efforts were thwarted by a shortage of these malts following World War I. Gold Label is commonly bottled at 15 or 18 years and usually labelled "The Centenary blend". In 2013, Gold Label was replaced, with a No Age Statement (NAS) blend, labelled "Gold Label Reserve". The bottle and labeling of these two Gold Label offerings is very similar, while some will argue the whiskys inside are not.[18]
Platinum Label: a 75 proof (40% ABV) private blend—aged 18 years to replace the original Gold Label in the Asian market, and sold alongside Gold Label Reserve. It is also available in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Poland, South Africa and Israel.
Blue Label: Johnnie Walker's premium 70–75 proof (40–43% ABV[19][20]) blend with no age statement. Johnnie Walker Blue Label, also known as Max Walker, is blended to recreate the character and taste of some of the earliest whisky blends created in the 19th century.[21] Bottles are numbered serially and sold in a silk-lined box accompanied by a certificate of authenticity. It is one of the most expensive blended Scotches on the market, with prices in the range of US $174–$450.[22]
Johnnie Walker Swing: supplied in a distinctive bottle whose irregular bottom allows it to rock back and forth. This type of bottle design was originally used aboard sailing ships. It was Alexander II's last blend: it features a high proportion of Speyside malts, complemented by malts from the northern Highlands and Islay, and is "almost as sweet as a bourbon".[23]
Red & Cola: a premix of Red Label and cola, sold in cans and bottles similar to beer.

Note: The strength of the alcohol in a bottle is printed on the label as alcohol by volume(%ABV) or degrees proof. To convert %ABV into degrees proof globally (except in the US), multiply by 1.75(7/4). Thus a 40% ABV value denotes 40 x 7/4 = 70 proof.[24] In the US, proof value is twice the %ABV. Thus a 40% ABV whisky will be 80 proof in the US and 70 proof elsewhere.[25]

Johnnie Walker blends, by years of production, and from least expensive to most expensive. Note : While most of the whiskies with name changes are the same Old Highland/White Label is NOT the same as Red & Cola

Age
1865–1905
1906–1908
1909–1911
1912–1931
1932–1991
1992–1996
1997–2012
2013–


young
(blended)

Old Highland
Johnnie Walker
White Label




Red & Cola


none given (min. 3)
(blended)

Special
Old Highland
Johnnie Walker
Red Label


12
(blended)
Walker's
Old Highland
Extra Special
Old Highland
Johnnie Walker
Black Label


none given (min. 12)[14]
(blended)






Johnnie Walker
Double Black Label


none given[23]
(blended)




Johnnie Walker
Swing


15
(blended malt)






Johnnie Walker
Green Label


15/18/none
(blended malt)






Johnnie Walker
Gold Label
"The Centenary Blend"
Johnnie Walker
Gold Label Reserve


18
(blended)







Johnnie Walker
Platinum Label


none given
(blended)





Johnnie Walker
Blue Label


Special/limited bottlings[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Johnnie Walker New Explorers' Club Collection: a collection which contains a number of 'series', the first of which is the 'Trade Routes' series, which contains "The Adventurer" (≈US$30) released May 2014; "The Spice Road" (≈US$43) released Dec 2012; "The Gold Route" (≈US$95) released in Mar/Apr 2013; "The Royal Route" (≈US$159) released May/Jun 2013. The Trade Routes series is available exclusively in Duty Free.[26][27] The Explorer's Club of New York took umbrage at this titling and filed suit against Diageo for misuse of its trademark. After a New York judge ruled in favour of the club, a settlement was reached in November 2014 with Diageo entering into a licensing agreement with the club (without disclosing the financial terms of the settlement).[28]
Johnnie Walker XR 21: an 80 proof (40% ABV) blend aged 21 years.
Johnnie Walker Black Label: Keep Walking New Zealand: a special limited-edition pack to support fundraising efforts following the Christchurch earthquake in February 2011
Johnnie Walker Black Label: Project Black Inspiration: Facebook fans across Malaysia and Singapore had the chance to provide creative input to help shape the new bottle design. Only 200 bottles available worldwide, and only available in Malaysia and Singapore. (2011/2012)
Johnnie Walker Black Label: Anniversary Edition (1908–2008): in two different editions (≈US$34).
Double Black: a blend that uses peaty west coast whiskies to create a flavour that is more smoky than Johnnie Walker Black Label.[29]
Collectors Edition: a collectors' edition of 12-year-old Black Label was released in limited amounts (≈US$43).
Millennium Edition: a collectors' edition of 12-year-old Black Label was released in limited amounts in the year 2000 (≈US$130).
Odyssey – First bottling: an expensive blend with the first bottling of the barrel only 250 bottles (≈US$3,000).
Odyssey: an expensive general release (≈US$1,000).
Deco: a limited number of 350 ml bottles were produced in Art Deco–designed bottles, hence the name of this blend.
Premier: a blend aimed specifically at the Japanese market.
Green Label 180 Cask: a limited edition of the Green Label released in 2009 for the Taiwanese market.
Green Label 48%: a 2015 limited edition of the Green Label released at a higher strength for the Taiwanese market.
Island Green Label : a 1L 86 proof (43% ABV) 2016 travel edition Blended Malt released for the Southeast Asia market.The NAS maritime blended malt includes whisky from Clynelish, Glenkinchie and Cardhu and a greater proportion of malt from Caol Ila distillery on Islay.[30]
Swing Superior: a limited edition variety based on the Swing blend, marked by its distinctive golden label. 86.8 proof.
Original Swing: bottle has a cork top (US$1,500)
Celebrity: limited edition of 1462 bottles, bottled in 1972.
Johnnie Walker 1820 Decanter: a gift to employees to mark the 50 years of operation at the Kilmarnock distillery.
Liqueur Whisky (US$1,200)
21 year old: a rare aged variation of Gold Label (US$1,200).
Quest: a special blend, rarer than Blue Label (≈$500).
Honour: one of the most rare and most expensive blends of Johnnie Walker Scotch whisky.
Excelsior: a rare double matured Scotch whisky, distilled in 1947, bottled in 1997 (≈US$1,700).
Old Harmony: a rare blend marketed at the Japanese market (≈US$850).
15 year old Kilmarnock 400 Whisky: an extremely rare Gold Label blend bottled to mark the 400th anniversary of the granting of burgh status to Kilmarnock. Released in 1992 in limited amounts (≈US$850).
150 years Anniversary 1820–1970: a 150th anniversary commemorative blend. (≈US$2,000).
Blue Label 200th Anniversary: 2005 saw Johnnie Walker's extremely limited bottling of its ultimate blend. A special release of cask strength Blue Label, in a special square Baccarat crystal decanter. It is the most expensive Johnnie Walker product, selling recently for over US$3,600 a bottle.[31]
Blue Label 1805: On 25 July 2005, the makers of Johnnie Walker Blue Label celebrated the birth (200th anniversary) of its founder with the release of just 200 bottles of a special edition blend, specially created by the Johnnie Walker Master Blender, Jim Beveridge. None of the 200 bottles were made available for retail sale. In recognition of John Walker's entrepreneurial success in bringing whisky of the highest quality to the world, the bottles were presented to individuals deemed to have made the most significant contribution to modern life. It is estimated that each bottle is valued at US$30,000.
Blue Label King George V Edition (2007): To recreate the Johnnie Walker blending style from King George V era. King George V was the British monarch that first granted Johnnie Walker its Royal Warrant in 1934. Oak casks dating back to the last century were used to age the whisky, sourced from distilleries operating during the reign of King George V. Special packaging in crystal decanter accompanied by an individually numbered certificate of authenticity. (US$600)[31]
Johnnie Walker Blue Label Mini Blended Scotch Whisky: a rare item that includes a hand-blown nosing glass and sealed tasting notes and booklet on blue label whisky, costing around US$250.





Bottle Number 137 of Batch 37 of The John Walker


The John Walker: This blend includes old whiskies from distilleries long since closed. Only 330 bottles were made. (>US$3,500)
Johnnie Walker Diamond Jubilee (2012):[32] In honour of Queen Elizabeth II 60 bottles of whisky distilled in 1952. Only sixty bottles are being sold in Singapore at S$250,000.
Johnnie Walker Blue Label Guam Special Edition (2015): initial limited run of only 600 bottles released on 28 July 2015. $247.99/bottle. Features original Blue label bottle with special island gold design on the front. Sold only in Guam, an unincorporated Territory of the United States. The middle of the label features the official Guam Seal which is a sling stone representing the indigenous Chamorro culture with a coconut tree and a flying Proa outrigger canoe inside the design. Possible plans for future release of other editions Christmas 2015 depending on success of this run.
Johnnie Walker Select Casks – Rye Cask Finish (2015): a first in a series of limited edition wood-finished blends that will be released over the coming years. It is aged 10 years and is priced at US$45 for a 750 ml bottle.[33]
John Walker and Sons Private Collection Whisky: a set of annual, limited release whiskies which showcase the craftsmanship and innovation of John Walker & Sons blended Scotch Whisky. It consists of Private Collection 2014 Edition, Private Collection 2015 Edition and Private Collection 2016 Edition[34][35][36]

Marketing[edit]
Every type of Johnnie Walker scotch has a label colour as previously noted, except for the aforementioned Swing label. The purpose is to denote the different types of scotch and to position them to be used for different occasions. For example, Johnnie Walker Blue Label is rare and expensive, and so it is intended to be used for special occasions.[citation needed]
A key feature of every bottle of Johnnie Walker scotch is the Striding Man logo. It was created in 1908 by illustrator Tom Browne to be a likeness of John Walker in traditional, upscale attire. In the logo, the man is walking forward, which Diageo says symbolises forward thinking and the pursuit of excellence. Diageo has created a members club for Johnnie Walker drinkers, called "The Striding Man Society".[37]
Another key aspect of its marketing is the slanted label, which is angled at exactly 24 degrees. This was an advertising tool developed by Alexander Walker, who thought it would help his bottles stand out on the shelf. The slanted label also accommodates more text than would a traditionally oriented label.[38]
In 2009, the advertising agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty (BBH) created a new short film, starring Robert Carlyle and directed by Jamie Rafn, titled The Man Who Walked Around the World, which outlined the history of the Johnnie Walker brand.[6][39][40]
In 2013, ahead of the sixth season of Mad Men, the firm launched an ad campaign featuring Christina Hendricks.[citation needed]
Johnnie Walker also launched the international John Walker & Sons Voyager tour in order to market its higher variants in the Asia-Pacific, Europe and Caribbean markets. The Voyager tour was developed in order to promote the special edition Odyssey blend and pay tribute to the original trade routes and sea voyages by which Johnnie Walker was distributed throughout the world. The final leg of the tour was completed in 2014 visiting six Caribbean countries on board the Regina Yacht (featured in the major motion picture Skyfall).
Controversies[edit]
2015 forged kosher certification allegations[edit]
Up until 2015 Johnnie Walker Black Label bottles had a Kosher sign, naming the OK Kosher organization as one that provide Kosher tests for the product. IBBL and Paneco groups export Johnny Walker to Israel.[41]
Following an inquiry by the Israeli Rabbinical authority, Rabbi Aharon Hesskel from the OK organization conducted an investigation and published that only IBBLS marks are genuine while the Paneco group did not get their certification.[42] The Israeli Rabbinical authority released a statement that urged customers to verify the producer and stated that the Paneco group is suspected of certificate forgery. Paneco representatives stated that they do have a Kosher certificate (from the Israeli rabbinical authority) and asked the Israeli police to perform an investigation.[43] A representative told the International Business Times, "All products sold on Paneco.com are completely and solely original. The Johnnie Walker whisky products sold on the site are created by the primary manufacturer at the Diageo distillery in Scotland and is exactly the same product marketed by a competing company in Israel, which holds the kosher certification for the product."[41]
Accolades[edit]
Johnnie Walker spirits have received strong scores at international spirit ratings competitions and from liquor review bodies. The Green Label received a string of three double gold medals from the San Francisco World Spirits Competition between 2005 and 2007.[44] The Gold Label received double gold medals from the San Francisco competition in 2008 and 2009 and won a gold in 2010.[45] Spirits ratings aggregator proof66.com, which averages scores from the San Francisco Spirits Competition, Wine Enthusiast, and others, puts the Black, Blue, Gold and Green Labels in its highest performance category ("Tier 1" Spirits).[46] Johnnie Walker spirits have several times taken part in the Monde Selection's World Quality Selections and have received a Gold and Grand Gold Quality Award.[47] Johnnie Walker was voted India's Most Trusted Premium Whisky Brand according to the Brand Trust Report 2014, a study conducted by Trust Research Advisory.[48]
Sponsorships[edit]
As well being the official whisky of Formula One,[49] They are also currently a sponsor of F1 team Force India. Johnnie Walker also sponsors the Johnnie Walker Classic, an Asia-Pacific golf tournament, and the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles, a golf tournament in Scotland.
In popular culture[edit]
Music[edit]

Asleep at the Wheel had a 1975 hit entitled "The Letter That Johnny Walker Read" about a guy named Johnny Walker, sitting in a bar "drinking his namesake over the rocks" while reading a letter from his wife that begged him to stop drinking and come home.
In the Jimmy Buffett song He Went to Paris, there is a reference to "Drinks his green label each day"
In Elliott Smith's song Miss Misery, the protagonist states they'll "fake it through the day with some help from Johnnie Walker Red"
The Leonard Cohen song "Closing time" includes the line " and the Johnnie Walker wisdom running high"
In Lady Gaga's song "Speechless" the line includes "I can't believe how you looked at me with your Johnnie Walker eyes"
The Glass Animals' song "Pork Soda" contains the line: I know I'm no sweet prince of love/Those times that we got drunk/Maybe Jamaica rum/Maybe some Johnny Dub
The Russ song "Straight From Limbo" includes the line: "Blunt in my mouth Johnnie Walker, thats the way it is"
The George Thorogood song "I Drink Alone" contains the line: "Just me and my pal Johnny Walker

and his brothers Blacky and Red" ("Blacky and Red" referring to the Johnny Walker brands 'Black Label' and 'Red Label')
Literature[edit]

Walter Lord, in his history of the battle of Midway, Incredible Victory (1967), tells of the Imperial Japanese Naval staff of Admiral Yamamoto planning the invasion of Midway while imbibing from a bottle of Johnny Walker Red "liberated" from Singapore.
In Haruki Murakami's novel Kafka on the Shore, a character models his identity after the figure on the Johnnie Walker label.

Television[edit]

In The West Wing episode, "Barlet for America," character Leo McGarry references Johnny Walker Blue while meeting with some potential political donors. Leo (apparently) erroneously states that Johnny Walker Blue is aged for a minimum of 60 years.
In Supernatural, hunter Rufus Turner states that he only drinks Blue Label and can be seen in multiple episodes either talking about it or receiving it/handing it as a favor
In Covert Affairs season 4, episode fourteen, entitled River Euphrates, Calder Michaels, played by Hill Harper, is sent a gift basket full of very expensive items, including a bottle of Johnnie Blue, which an associate refers to as top shelf, by the rogue ex CIA agent Henry Wilcox, in his attempt to curry favour, but Michaels, albeit looking longingly at the bottle, is not enticed, and agrees to send a team to arrest Wilcox.

Cultural figures[edit]

Vanity Fair writer Christopher Hitchens was partial to Johnnie Walker Black Label, and referred to it as "Mr Walker's Amber Restorative". He preferred to take it mixed with Perrier water and no ice.[50]
Johnnie Walker Blue Label was a favorite of the late US president Richard Nixon's, who used to enjoy it with ginger ale and a wedge of lime.[51]

Gallery[edit]







Johnnie Walker Red Label









Johnnie Walker Black Label









Johnnie Walker Double Black









Johnnie Walker Swing









Johnnie Walker Green Label & Green Label 180 Cask









Johnnie Walker Platinum Label









Johnnie Walker Gold Label









Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve









Johnnie Walker XR 21









Johnnie Walker Blue Label









Blue Label King George V Edition









Special edition Kilmarnock bottle




References[edit]


^ "Sales volume of Johnnie Walker whisky worldwide from 2009 to 2015 (in million 9 litre cases)". Statista: The Statistics Portal. Retrieved 2016-12-09. 
^ http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-17486173
^ MacDonogh, Giles (2005). "John Walker's legacy". Cigar Aficionado. Archived from the original on 2006-03-10. 
^ Maclean, Charles (2003). Scotch Whisky: A Liquid History. London, England: Cassell Illustrated. ISBN 1-84403-078-4. )
^ a b "The Johnnie Walker Story". John Walker and Sons. 2015. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ a b The Man Who Walked Around the World. BBH New York. 2009. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Johnny Walker – History". Specialty Drinks Limited. Retrieved 2014-12-12. First World War; ... White Label is discontinued as the Johnnie Walker brand moves upmarket 
^ "Johnnie Walker jobs plan rejected". BBC News. 9 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Johnnie Walker whisky plant closes in Kilmarnock. BBC News. 23 March 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-07. 
^ Mixing use per http://us.johnniewalker.com Archived 2008-09-18 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Manchester, William (October 1988) [1988]. "The Lion Caged". The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill, Alone 1932–1940 (Revised ed.). p 10: Little, Brown and Co. p. 756. ISBN 0-316-54512-0. 
^ "Weeklystandard.com". Weeklystandard.com. 2008-09-22. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ Template:Https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP51NnoVErA
^ a b Miller, Jared T. (2013-05-10). "Johnnie Walker adds Double Black to whisky line". Daily News. Retrieved 2013-05-27. 
^ "Johnnie Walker Green Discontinued". www.scotch-tasting-bums.com. 2012-01-16. Retrieved 2012-11-29. 
^ "Johnnie Walker Green Label 15 Year Old". The Whisky Exchange. 
^ Dominic, Roskrow. "Dominic Roskrow's Blog". The Whisky Tasting Club – UK. 
^ "Jason's Scotch Whisky Reviews". Retrieved 2 August 2013. 
^ "Product Information". Lcbo.ca. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ "Johnnie Walker – Blue Label – Blended Scotch Whisky – 1 Ltr – 43% ABV: Amazon.co.uk: Grocery". Amazon.co.uk. 2012-04-16. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ "Johnnie Walker Blue Scotland Scotch 750ml". Wineanthology.com. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ https://bottleking.com/main.asp?request=SEARCH&search=johnnie
^ a b One Sweet Swing | Travel + Leisure Golf Archived 2014-01-08 at the Wayback Machine.
^ http://www.scotchmaltwhisky.co.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?t=4009
^ "What is the meaning of 42.8% v/v and 75% proof in whisky, rum, or vodka? – Quora". 
^ "Explorers' Club Collection". Johnnie Walker. Retrieved 2012-12-29. 
^ "Tasmanian Whisky Appreciation Society". twas.com.au. Retrieved 2012-12-29. 
^ Eads, Lauren (22 September 2014). "Explorers' Club settles Diageo lawsuit". The Drinks Business. Retrieved 2016-02-14. 
^ Strenio, Andrew (2011-10-14). "That's the Spirit: Johnnie Walker Double Black". Serious Eats. Retrieved 2013-05-27. 
^ Paskin, Becky (2016-05-09). "Johnnie Walker releases smoky Green Label". Retrieved 2016-12-03. 
^ a b "Johnnie Walker Home Page". johnniewalker.com. 
^ "Johnnie Walker parades $200K Diamond Jubilee Scotch Whisky". The Shout. 1 September 2014. 
^ "JOHNNIE WALKER® SELECT CASKS – RYE CASK FINISH". Johnnie Walker. 
^ "John Walker & Sons – Private Collection 2014 Edition". johnniewalker.com. Retrieved 2015-12-23. 
^ "John Walker & Sons | Private Collection 2015 Edition". Retrieved 2015-12-23. 
^ "John Walker & Sons – Private Collection 2014 Edition". www.johnniewalker.com. Retrieved 2015-12-23. 
^ "Johniewalker.com". Johnniewalker.com. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ "Johnniewalker". Us.johnniewalker.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-18. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ "HLA AND BBH GO WALKING WITH ROBERT CARLYLE". Shots. August 6, 2009. Archived from the original on January 8, 2011. Retrieved July 29, 2015. 
^ Justin Moore (writer, BBH London) & Jamie Rafn (Director) (August 11, 2009). "Johnnie Walker 'the man who walked around the world'". Campaign. HLA (production company). CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ a b Kumar, Kalyan (22 August 2015). "Johnnie Walker whisky facing kosher row in Israel". International Business Times. 
^ "investigation results for Johnny walker, black label" (in Hebrew). rotter.net. 3 August 2015. 
^ "Israeli importer claim that Johnie walker black does have a kosher certificate". ynet. 5 Aug 2015. 
^ "Proof66.com Summary of Green Label Awards". Retrieved 2012-10-16. 
^ "Proof66.com Summary of Gold Label Awards". Retrieved 2012-10-16. 
^ "Proof66.com Website". Retrieved 2012-10-16. 
^ Marc Guison (2012-02-08). "Awards". Slideshare.net. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ "India's Most Trusted Alcoholic Beverages 2014". Trust Research Advisory. 
^ "Johnnie Walker becomes the Official Whisky Of Formula 1". formula1.com. 18 September 2014. Retrieved 18 September 2014. 
^ Brown, Craig (2012-03-21). "Christopher Hitchens's Diary". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 2012-11-03. 
^ Small, Melvin (2011). A Companion to Richard M. Nixon. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell. ISBN 978-1-4443-3017-5. 


Further reading[edit]

MacLean, Charles (2003). Scotch Whisky: A Liquid History. Cassell Illustrated. ISBN 1-84403-078-4. 
Molavi, Afshin. "Straight Up: How Johnnie Walker conquered the world". Foreign Policy. The Slate Group (September/October 2013). Retrieved 8 October 2013. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnnie Walker (whisky).



Official website
Johnnie Walker on thebar.com, owned by Diageo







v
t
e


Diageo



People



Franz Humer
Paul S. Walsh





Beer brands



Guinness
Guinness Black
Guinness Foreign Extra Stout
Harp
Kilkenny
Satzenbrau
Senator Keg
Smithwick's
Tusker
Windhoek





Spirits brands




Gin



Booth's
Gilbey's
Gordon's
Tanqueray





Liqueur



Baileys Irish Cream
Romana Sambuca
Sheridan's





Rum



Bundaberg Rum
Cacique
Captain Morgan
Myers's Rum
Pampero
Ron Zacapa Centenario





Vodka



Cîroc
Ketel One
Popov
Silent Sam
Smirnoff





Whisky



Bourbon

Bulleit Bourbon


Canadian whisky

Crown Royal
Seagram's Seven Crown
Yukon Jack


Irish whiskey

Bushmills


Scotch whisky

Bell's
Black & White
Blair Athol
Buchanan's
Caol Ila
Cardhu
Classic Malts of Scotland
Cragganmore
Dalwhinnie Single Malt
Dimple
Glen Elgin
Glenkinchie
Glen Ord
Johnnie Walker
Justerini & Brooks (J&B)
Knockando
Lagavulin Single Malt
Oban
Old Parr
Royal Lochnagar
Singleton
Talisker
Vat 69
White Horse
Windsor Premier


Tennessee whiskey

George Dickel







Other



Archers
Don Julio
Goldschläger
Hennessy1
Pimm's
Raw Tea
Rumple Minze
Sirop de Picon








Wine brands



Dom Pérignon1
Justerini & Brooks
Moët & Chandon1
Veuve Clicquot1





Breweries and
distilleries



Blair Athol distillery
Caol Ila distillery
Cardhu distillery
Cragganmore distillery
Dalwhinnie distillery
Desnoes & Geddes
East African Breweries
Glen Ord Distillery
Glenkinchie distillery
Great Northern Brewery
Guinness Brewery
Guinness Ghana Breweries
Guinness Nigeria
Haig & Haig
Industrias Pampero
Knockando distillery
Lagavulin distillery
North British Distillery2
Oban distillery
Old Bushmills Distillery
Talisker distillery





Other



Diageo/Hotline Poll
Diageo Staff Association
Gleneagles Hotel
Grand Metropolitan
Guinness Brewmasters
Guinness Storehouse
Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles
Johnnie Walker Classic
United Distillers








1Produced by Moët Hennessy, a joint venture between Diageo (34%) and LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A. (66%) 2Owned by Lothian Distillers, a joint venture between Diageo (50%) and The Edrington Group (50%)


  Category






Coordinates: 55°36′52″N 4°30′04″W﻿ / ﻿55.61444°N 4.50111°W﻿ / 55.61444; -4.50111




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnnie_Walker&oldid=792736952"					
Categories: Diageo brands1865 introductionsDistilleries in ScotlandScottish brands1820 establishments in ScotlandKilmarnockHistory of East Ayrshire1820 introductionsBlended Scotch whiskyBritish companies established in 1820Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with hRecipesArticles with hProductsArticles needing additional references from April 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ЧӑвашлаČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLatviešuLingálaMagyarNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSvenskaతెలుగుУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 10:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























 



 Nucor Announces John H. Walker to serve as Lead Director of the Nucor Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















Nucor Announces John H. Walker to serve as Lead Director of the Nucor Board of Directors
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Nucor Corporation  
Feb 21, 2017, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nucor Corporation (NYSE:    NUE) announced today that the independent directors of its board of directors have appointed John H. Walker to serve as lead director of the board of directors effective February 22, 2017.  Mr. Walker has served as a member of Nucor's board of directors since 2008 and has more than 30 years of experience in metal-related manufacturing and fabricating industries.  








"John Walker has extensive experience across metal-related industries, serving in a variety of leadership capacities, and has a deep understanding of Nucor," said John Ferriola, Nucor's Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President.  "I am pleased that our independent directors have selected John to serve in this role and believe that his judgment and broad perspective will serve him well as our lead director."
Raymond J. Milchovich, a member of the board and prior lead director, notified the board of directors on February 21, 2017 that he would not stand for reelection as a director of the Company due to other professional demands on his time.  
"While I will miss contributing to a company and a leadership team that I respect and admire, I couldn't be more pleased with Nucor's current direction, leadership and momentum," said Mr. Milchovich. "I believe Nucor's current strategy is sound, thoughtful, and based on a very knowledgeable and savvy analysis of a dynamic industry.  John Ferriola is an outstanding Chairman and CEO and John Walker, whom I have known and have worked closely with for almost twenty years, is very knowledgeable, experienced and strategic in his approach. I am extremely pleased that John Walker will be working closely with John Ferriola to lead Nucor to its full potential."
"Ray has been an integral member of our board for several years and, particularly as lead director since 2013, a valued teammate to me in providing leadership to Nucor," said Mr. Ferriola. "I will miss his sound judgment and counsel and remain very appreciative of his many contributions to Nucor over the years."
"Ray Milchovich was an exceptional lead director, promoting good corporate governance, effective communication among directors and critical strategic analysis at the board level," said Mr. Walker.  "I am honored to have been selected by the independent directors to serve as lead director, and I am excited to work with John Ferriola, my fellow directors and all Nucor teammates in the years to come."
Mr. Walker has served as Non-Executive Chairman of Global Brass and Copper, Inc. since March 2014, was Executive Chairman of Global Brass and Copper from November 2013 to March 2014 and was Chief Executive Officer from 2007 to March 2014. Prior to joining Global Brass and Copper, Mr. Walker was Chief Executive Officer and President of The Boler Company, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and President of Weirton Steel Corporation and President of Kaiser Aluminum Flat Rolled Products.  Mr. Walker was a director of United Continental Holdings, Inc. from 2002 to 2016 and of Delphi Corporation from 2005 through 2009.
Nucor and its affiliates are manufacturers of steel products, with operating facilities primarily in the U.S. and Canada.  Products produced include: carbon and alloy steel -- in bars, beams, sheet and plate; hollow structural section tubing; electrical conduit; steel piling; steel joists and joist girders; steel deck; fabricated concrete reinforcing steel; cold finished steel; steel fasteners; metal building systems; steel grating; and wire and wire mesh.  Nucor, through The David J. Joseph Company, also brokers ferrous and nonferrous metals, pig iron and HBI/DRI; supplies ferro-alloys; and processes ferrous and nonferrous scrap. Nucor is North America's largest recycler.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nucor-announces-john-h-walker-to-serve-as-lead-director-of-the-nucor-board-of-directors-300410300.html
SOURCE Nucor Corporation
 Related Links

http://www.nucor.com



 












Feb 21, 2017, 14:30 ET
Preview: Nucor Announces 176th Consecutive Cash Dividend













Jan 31, 2017, 09:00 ET
Preview: Nucor Reports Results for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended 2016






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 20, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Nucor Reports Results for Second Quarter and First Half of 2017








 

Jul 19, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Nucor Invites You to Join Its Second Quarter of 2017 Conference...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Mining & Metals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Nucor Announces John H. Walker to serve as Lead Director of the Nucor Board of Directors


 News provided by
Nucor Corporation  
Feb 21, 2017, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Public Records Official

























Walker Records
Find Walker Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Walker Records           	
Walker records is for the city you all know and love, so why not check into the recent or distant past and look up the information that is well hidden?  Yes, you wouldn't believe the Walker records you can find that reveal criminal history, traffic tickets, lawsuits and other governmental records. The truth is, nobody really talks about their past mistakes. Then again, these Walker records are something you need to know before you entrust someone with more responsibility than they can handle. 

No wonder many people peruse Walker records before they  somebody, or before they get someone to watch their house, babysit their kids or borrow their car. A history with multiple DUI charges, fraudulent behavior, or even sexual offenses would certainly influence your feelings about entrusting someone with too much responsibility. This is not only in terms of career and business but even personally, as respects to family. 

Walker records are accurate since they are based on court records, police reports, criminal database searches and other governmental sources. They have been compiled online and made easy to search. Walker records are easy to use, fast and discreet. 

Start looking for the names you know with a Walker records search today! 







Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 
























JOHN H WALKER - TRENTON, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



TRENTON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JOHN H WALKER
                                    



 





















J 


JOHN H WALKER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



33 ROCK CREEK RD TRENTON, SC 29847
Get Directions



(803) 663-6683





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $50,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts JOHN H WALKER






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, John H Walker has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Trenton. John H Walker has estimated annual revenues of $50,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Public Records Official


























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























John H Walker | Clearbox®, LLC











































Home
Data
Compliance & Risk

Products 


Select™
Area 56™
X-Files™
CBOX™
Qscore™
Fee Survey™
Recruit™
Connect™
ClearCheck™




Stakeholders 

Appraiser
Agent / Broker
BPO Providers
AMCS
Lenders
Regulators



Company 

About
Press Releases
Contact
Support Form


FAQs
 Login
 Sign Up











Home /

Appraiser Search
/

John H Walker





John H Walker



Appraiser : If this is your license and you would like to provide us more information so that AMC and Lenders can contact you please click here.
						

Lender / AMC : For full access to all of our appraisers and solutions click here for more information. 
					





First Name
JOHN


Middle Initial
H


Last Name
WALKER


Name Suffix



Company Name
WALKER & ASSOCIATES


Street Address
4801 EAST INDEPENDENCE BLVD., SUITE 912


City
CHARLOTTE


State
NC


Zip Code
28212


County
MECKLENBURG


Phone #
704-536-1561


Status
Inactive


Licensing State
SC


License #
1202


License Certification Type
Licensed


Effective Date
03/09/1992


Expiration Date
06/30/1995


Meets AQB Criteria
Yes






First Name
JOHN


Middle Initial
H


Last Name
WALKER


Name Suffix



Company Name



Street Address
338 S SHARON AMITY ROAD #313


City
CHARLOTTE


State
NC


Zip Code
28211


County
MECKLENBURG


Phone #



Status
Active


Licensing State
SC


License #
1202


License Certification Type
Certified Residential


Effective Date
07/01/2016


Expiration Date
06/30/2018


Meets AQB Criteria
Yes



 



First Name
JOHN H


Middle Initial



Last Name
WALKER


Name Suffix



Company Name
WALKER & ASSOCIATES


Street Address
1272 CHANDLER PLACE


City
CHARLOTTE


State
NC


Zip Code
28211


County
MECKLENBURG


Phone #
704-366-0661


Status
Active


Licensing State
NC


License #
A2711


License Certification Type
Certified Residential


Effective Date
01/13/1992


Expiration Date
06/30/2018


Meets AQB Criteria
Yes



 








About Us

                        Clearbox®,LLC was founded to address the complex landscape of compliant processes and data management. Better information and transparent processes promote integrity. The Clearbox® suite of products offers solutions to all stakeholders- Appraisers, Real Estate Agents and Brokers, Lenders, Appraisal Management Companies and Regulators. 
                   

+ More



Latest Tweets







https://t.co/iJqWTpPLOZ
https://t.co/nVAVRF2PGd... https://t.co/Arxk574z4r







Contact Info

               9927 Stephen Decatur Highway, Suite G-16
               Ocean City, MD 21842
          

 info@clearbox.com

























					© Clearbox. All Rights Reserved.
					




Privacy


Terms






































John E. Walker - A Superstar of Science














































 










Superstars of Science

Scientists
Institutions
Articles
Contact
Donate
 

 


John E. Walker
Professor Sir John E. Walker is a chemist who studied the structural composition of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), a molecule that transports energy in cells. He has also studied human nutritional processes and proteomics, the branch of genetics that studies the full set of proteins encoded by a genome.
Walker, together with American chemist Paul D. Boyer shared the 1997 Nobel Prize for Chemistryf or their elucidation of the enzymatic mechanism underlying the synthesis of adenosine triphosphate.


Public Rating

2 points


Academy Rating

1147 points


Overall Rating

1149 points



 CHEMIST (Chemist)    


 







                Superstar Rank: #9            
Previous Next 



















Overview
Awards
Publications


Recent Findings From John E. Walker
Subscribe by RSS

No record yet.


1959 A. T. Clay Gold Medal for Academic Distinction
1983 Member of European Molecular Biology Organisation
1994 Johnson Foundation Prize, University of Pennsylvania Medical School, Philadelphia, U. S. A.
1995 Fellow of The Royal Society, London
1995 Smith-Kline Beecham Visiting Professor to the U. S. A. of The Royal Society of Medicine Foundation
1995 CIBA Medal and Prize of The Biochemical Society, London
1996 The Peter Mitchell Medal of the European Bioenergetics Congress
1997 The Gaetano Quagliariello Prize for Mitochondrial Research from the University of Bari, Italy
1997 Nobel Prize in Chemistry (jointly with P. D. Boyer and J. C. Skou)
1997 Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
1998 Member of The Academia Europaea
1998 Honorary Doctor of Science, Bradford University
1998 Honorary Member of The Biochemical Society
1998 Honorary Fellow of St. Catherine’s College, Oxford
1998 Founding Fellow of The Academy of Medical Sciences, London
1998 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Buenos Aires, Argentina
1998 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Huddersfield
1999 Knight Bachelor
1999 Foreign Member of The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
1999 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology
1999 Honorary Doctor of Science, Oxford University
1999 Honorary Doctor of Science, Groningen University, The Netherlands
1999 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Leeds
2000 Honorary Member of The British Biophysical Society
2000 Millennium Fellow of The Royal Society of Chemistry
2000 The Messel Medal of The Society of Chemistry and Industry
2001 Honorary Professorship, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China
2002 Honorary Fellowship of The Institute of Biology
2002 Honorary Doctor of Science, Royal Holloway College, University of London
2002 Professor of Molecular Bioenergetics, University of Cambridge
2003 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Sussex
2003 Foreign Member of L’Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, Rome, Italy
2004 Foreign Associate of the National Academy of Sciences, U. S. A.
2003-2004 Royal Society of Chemistry Award for Biomembrane Chemistry
2004 JSPS Award for Eminent Scientists, Japanese Society for the Promotion of Science
2004 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of Liverpool
2006 Honorary Doctor of Science, University of East Anglia
2007 Honorary Doctor of Science and Professor, Moscow State University, Russia
2007 Doctor Honoris Causa, University Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France
2007 Honorary Doctor of Science, Toyo University, Kawagoe, Japan
2008 Lifetime Achievement Award for “Molecular mechanisms in mitochondria and associated human diseases” from GeneExpression Systems Inc, Waltham,  Masachusetts, U. S. A.


1.	Kabaleeswaran Venkataraman; Shen Hong; Symersky Jindrich; Walker John E; Leslie Andrew G W; Mueller David M Asymmetric structure of the yeast F1 ATPase in the absence of bound nucleotides. The Journal of biological chemistry 2009;284(16):10546-51.
2.	Murata Takeshi; Yamato Ichiro; Kakinuma Yoshimi; Shirouzu Mikako; Walker John E; Yokoyama Shigeyuki; Iwata So Ion binding and selectivity of the rotor ring of the Na+-transporting V-ATPase. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2008;105(25):8607-12.
3.	Gledhill Jonathan R; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E How the regulatory protein, IF(1), inhibits F(1)-ATPase from bovine mitochondria. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2007;104(40):15671-6.
4.	Carroll Joe; Altman Matthew C; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E Identification of membrane proteins by tandem mass spectrometry of protein ions. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2007;104(36):14330-5.
5.	Gledhill Jonathan R; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Mechanism of inhibition of bovine F1-ATPase by resveratrol and related polyphenols. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2007;104(34):13632-7.
6.	Chen Ruming; Runswick Michael J; Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E Association of two proteolipids of unknown function with ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. FEBS letters 2007;581(17):3145-8.
7.	Boerries Melanie; Most Patrick; Gledhill Jonathan R; Walker John E; Katus Hugo A; Koch Walter J; Aebi Ueli; Schoenenberger Cora-Ann Ca2+ -dependent interaction of S100A1 with F1-ATPase leads to an increased ATP content in cardiomyocytes. Molecular and cellular biology 2007;27(12):4365-73.
8.	Bowler Matthew W; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Ground state structure of F1-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria at 1.9 A resolution. The Journal of biological chemistry 2007;282(19):14238-42.
9.	Carbajo Rodrigo J; Kellas Fiona A; Yang Ji-Chun; Runswick Michael J; Montgomery Martin G; Walker John E; Neuhaus David How the N-terminal domain of the OSCP subunit of bovine F1Fo-ATP synthase interacts with the N-terminal region of an alpha subunit. Journal of molecular biology 2007;368(2):310-8.
10.	He Jiuya; Mao Chih-Chieh; Reyes Aurelio; Sembongi Hiroshi; Di Re Miriam; Granycome Caroline; Clippingdale Andrew B; Fearnley Ian M; Harbour Michael; Robinson Alan J; Reichelt Stefanie; Spelbrink Johannes N; Walker John E; Holt Ian J The AAA+ protein ATAD3 has displacement loop binding properties and is involved in mitochondrial nucleoid organization. The Journal of cell biology 2007;176(2):141-6.
11.	Fearnley Ian M; Carroll Joe; Walker John E Proteomic analysis of the subunit composition of complex I (NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase) from bovine heart mitochondria. Methods in molecular biology (Clifton, N.J.) 2007;357():103-25.
12.	Kabaleeswaran Venkataraman; Puri Neeti; Walker John E; Leslie Andrew G W; Mueller David M Novel features of the rotary catalytic mechanism revealed in the structure of yeast F1 ATPase. The EMBO journal 2006;25(22):5433-42.
13.	Gledhill J R; Walker J E Inhibitors of the catalytic domain of mitochondrial ATP synthase. Biochemical Society transactions 2006;34(Pt 5):989-92.
14.	Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E Definition of the mitochondrial proteome by measurement of molecular masses of membrane proteins. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2006;103(44):16170-5.
15.	Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Skehel J Mark; Shannon Richard J; Hirst Judy; Walker John E Bovine complex I is a complex of 45 different subunits. The Journal of biological chemistry 2006;281(43):32724-7.
16.	Bowler Matthew W; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Reproducible improvements in order and diffraction limit of crystals of bovine mitochondrial F(1)-ATPase by controlled dehydration. Acta crystallographica. Section D, Biological crystallography 2006;62(Pt 9):991-5.
17.	Palmieri Ferdinando; Agrimi Gennaro; Blanco Emanuela; Castegna Alessandra; Di Noia Maria A; Iacobazzi Vito; Lasorsa Francesco M; Marobbio Carlo M T; Palmieri Luigi; Scarcia Pasquale; Todisco Simona; Vozza Angelo; Walker John Identification of mitochondrial carriers in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by transport assay of reconstituted recombinant proteins. Biochimica et biophysica acta 2006;1757(9-10):1249-62.
18.	Dickson Veronica Kane; Silvester Jocelyn A; Fearnley Ian M; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E On the structure of the stator of the mitochondrial ATP synthase. The EMBO journal 2006;25(12):2911-8.
19.	Bowler Matthew W; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E How azide inhibits ATP hydrolysis by the F-ATPases. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2006;103(23):8646-9.
20.	Silvester Jocelyn A; Dickson Veronica Kane; Runswick Michael J; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E The expression, purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray analysis of a subcomplex of the peripheral stalk of ATP synthase from bovine mitochondria. Acta crystallographica. Section F, Structural biology and crystallization communications 2006;62(Pt 6):530-3.
21.	Walker John E; Dickson Veronica Kane The peripheral stalk of the mitochondrial ATP synthase. Biochimica et biophysica acta 2006;1757(5-6):286-96.
22.	Cronan John E; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E Mammalian mitochondria contain a soluble acyl carrier protein. FEBS letters 2005;579(21):4892-6.
23.	Carbajo Rodrigo J; Kellas Fiona A; Runswick Michael J; Montgomery Martin G; Walker John E; Neuhaus David Structure of the F1-binding domain of the stator of bovine F1Fo-ATPase and how it binds an alpha-subunit. Journal of molecular biology 2005;351(4):824-38.
24.	Willis F Buck; Burkhardt Ed J; Walker John E; Johnson Maurice A; Spears Ted D Preferential vastus medialis oblique activation achieved as a treatment for knee disorders. Journal of strength and conditioning research / National Strength & Conditioning Association 2005;19(2):286-91.
25.	Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Skehel J Mark; Runswick Michael J; Shannon Richard J; Hirst Judy; Walker John E The post-translational modifications of the nuclear encoded subunits of complex I from bovine heart mitochondria. Molecular & cellular proteomics : MCP 2005;4(5):693-9.
26.	Murata Takeshi; Yamato Ichiro; Kakinuma Yoshimi; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Structure of the rotor of the V-Type Na+-ATPase from Enterococcus hirae. Science (New York, N.Y.) 2005;308(5722):654-9.
27.	Gledhill Jonathan R; Walker John E Inhibition sites in F1-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria. The Biochemical journal 2005;386(Pt 3):591-8.
28.	Rubinstein John L; Dickson Veronica Kane; Runswick Michael J; Walker John E ATP synthase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae: location of subunit h in the peripheral stalk region. Journal of molecular biology 2005;345(3):513-20.
29.	Mueller David M; Puri Neeti; Kabaleeswaran Venkataraman; Terry Cassandra; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Ni-chelate-affinity purification and crystallization of the yeast mitochondrial F1-ATPase. Protein expression and purification 2004;37(2):479-85.
30.	Carbajo Rodrigo J; Silvester Jocelyn A; Runswick Michael J; Walker John E; Neuhaus David Solution structure of subunit F(6) from the peripheral stalk region of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. Journal of molecular biology 2004;342(2):593-603.
31.	Mueller David M; Puri Neeti; Kabaleeswaran Venkataraman; Terry Cassandra; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E Crystallization and preliminary crystallographic studies of the mitochondrial F1-ATPase from the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Acta crystallographica. Section D, Biological crystallography 2004;60(Pt 8):1441-4.
32.	Kagawa Reiko; Montgomery Martin G; Braig Kerstin; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E The structure of bovine F1-ATPase inhibited by ADP and beryllium fluoride. The EMBO journal 2004;23(14):2734-44.
33.	Chen Ruming; Fearnley Ian M; Peak-Chew Sew Y; Walker John E The phosphorylation of subunits of complex I from bovine heart mitochondria. The Journal of biological chemistry 2004;279(25):26036-45.
34.	Chen Ruming; Fearnley Ian M; Palmer David N; Walker John E Lysine 43 is trimethylated in subunit C from bovine mitochondrial ATP synthase and in storage bodies associated with batten disease. The Journal of biological chemistry 2004;279(21):21883-7.
35.	Smith Vernon R; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E Altered chromatographic behaviour of mitochondrial ADP/ATP translocase induced by stabilization of the protein by binding of 6’-O-fluorescein-atractyloside. The Biochemical journal 2003;376(Pt 3):757-63.
36.	Rubinstein John L; Walker John E; Henderson Richard Structure of the mitochondrial ATP synthase by electron cryomicroscopy. The EMBO journal 2003;22(23):6182-92.
37.	Cavero S; Vozza A; del Arco A; Palmieri L; Villa A; Blanco E; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Cerdán S; Palmieri F; Satrústegui J Identification and metabolic role of the mitochondrial aspartate-glutamate transporter in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Molecular microbiology 2003;50(4):1257-69.
38.	Cabezón Elena; Montgomery Martin G; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E The structure of bovine F1-ATPase in complex with its regulatory protein IF1. Nature structural biology 2003;10(9):744-50.
39.	Fiermonte Giuseppe; Dolce Vincenza; David Laura; Santorelli Filippo Maria; Dionisi-Vici Carlo; Palmieri Ferdinando; Walker John E The mitochondrial ornithine transporter. Bacterial expression, reconstitution, functional characterization, and tissue distribution of two human isoforms. The Journal of biological chemistry 2003;278(35):32778-83.
40.	Arechaga Ignacio; Miroux Bruno; Runswick Mike J; Walker John E Over-expression of Escherichia coli F1F(o)-ATPase subunit a is inhibited by instability of the uncB gene transcript. FEBS letters 2003;547(1-3):97-100.
41.	Hirst Judy; Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Shannon Richard J; Walker John E The nuclear encoded subunits of complex I from bovine heart mitochondria. Biochimica et biophysica acta 2003;1604(3):135-50.
42.	Murata Takeshi; Arechaga Ignacio; Fearnley Ian M; Kakinuma Yoshimi; Yamato Ichiro; Walker John E The membrane domain of the Na+-motive V-ATPase from Enterococcus hirae contains a heptameric rotor. The Journal of biological chemistry 2003;278(23):21162-7.
43.	Smith Vernon R; Walker John E Purification and folding of recombinant bovine oxoglutarate/malate carrier by immobilized metal-ion affinity chromatography. Protein expression and purification 2003;29(2):209-16.
44.	Rubinstein John L; Holt Lucy J; Walker John E; Tomlinson Ian M Use of phage display and high-density screening for the isolation of an antibody against the 51-kDa subunit of complex I. Analytical biochemistry 2003;314(2):294-300.
45.	Carroll Joe; Fearnley Ian M; Shannon Richard J; Hirst Judy; Walker John E Analysis of the subunit composition of complex I from bovine heart mitochondria. Molecular & cellular proteomics : MCP 2003;2(2):117-26.
46.	Martinez Laurent O; Jacquet Sébastien; Esteve Jean-Pierre; Rolland Corinne; Cabezón Elena; Champagne Eric; Pineau Thierry; Georgeaud Valérie; Walker John E; Tercé François; Collet Xavier; Perret Bertrand; Barbaras Ronald Ectopic beta-chain of ATP synthase is an apolipoprotein A-I receptor in hepatic HDL endocytosis. Nature 2003;421(6918):75-9.
47.	Carroll Joe; Shannon Richard J; Fearnley Ian M; Walker John E; Hirst Judy Definition of the nuclear encoded protein composition of bovine heart mitochondrial complex I. Identification of two new subunits. The Journal of biological chemistry 2002;277(52):50311-7.
48.	Marobbio C M T; Vozza A; Harding M; Bisaccia F; Palmieri F; Walker J E Identification and reconstitution of the yeast mitochondrial transporter for thiamine pyrophosphate. The EMBO journal 2002;21(21):5653-61.
49.	Cabezon Elena; Butler P Jonathan G; Runswick Michael J; Carbajo Rodrigo J; Walker John E Homologous and heterologous inhibitory effects of ATPase inhibitor proteins on F-ATPases. The Journal of biological chemistry 2002;277(44):41334-41.
50.	Rubinstein John; Walker John ATP synthase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae: location of the OSCP subunit in the peripheral stalk region. Journal of molecular biology 2002;321(4):613-9.
51.	Ma Jianpeng; Flynn Terence C; Cui Qiang; Leslie Andrew G W; Walker John E; Karplus Martin A dynamic analysis of the rotation mechanism for conformational change in F(1)-ATPase. Structure (London, England : 1993) 2002;10(7):921-31.
52.	Roussel Damien; Harding Marilyn; Runswick Michael J; Walker John E; Brand Martin D Does any yeast mitochondrial carrier have a native uncoupling protein function? Journal of bioenergetics and biomembranes 2002;34(3):165-76.
53.	Fiermonte Giuseppe; Palmieri Luigi; Todisco Simona; Agrimi Gennaro; Palmieri Ferdinando; Walker John E Identification of the mitochondrial glutamate transporter. Bacterial expression, reconstitution, functional characterization, and tissue distribution of two human isoforms. The Journal of biological chemistry 2002;277(22):19289-94.
54.	Arechaga Ignacio; Butler P Jonathan G; Walker John E Self-assembly of ATP synthase subunit c rings. FEBS letters 2002;515(1-3):189-93.
55.	Cabezón E; Runswick M J; Leslie A G; Walker J E The structure of bovine IF(1), the regulatory subunit of mitochondrial F-ATPase. The EMBO journal 2001;20(24):6990-6.
56.	Fearnley I M; Carroll J; Shannon R J; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Hirst J GRIM-19, a cell death regulatory gene product, is a subunit of bovine mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I). The Journal of biological chemistry 2001;276(42):38345-8.
57.	Palmieri L; Pardo B; Lasorsa F M; del Arco A; Kobayashi K; Iijima M; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Saheki T; Satrústegui J; Palmieri F Citrin and aralar1 are Ca(2+)-stimulated aspartate/glutamate transporters in mitochondria. The EMBO journal 2001;20(18):5060-9.
58.	Menz R I; Walker J E; Leslie A G Structure of bovine mitochondrial F(1)-ATPase with nucleotide bound to all three catalytic sites: implications for the mechanism of rotary catalysis. Cell 2001;106(3):331-41.
59.	Gordon-Smith D J; Carbajo R J; Yang J C; Videler H; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Neuhaus D Solution structure of a C-terminal coiled-coil domain from bovine IF(1): the inhibitor protein of F(1) ATPase. Journal of molecular biology 2001;308(2):325-39.
60.	Menz R I; Leslie A G; Walker J E The structure and nucleotide occupancy of bovine mitochondrial F(1)-ATPase are not influenced by crystallisation at high concentrations of nucleotide. FEBS letters 2001;494(1-2):11-4.
61.	Fiermonte G; Dolce V; Palmieri L; Ventura M; Runswick M J; Palmieri F; Walker J E Identification of the human mitochondrial oxodicarboxylate carrier. Bacterial expression, reconstitution, functional characterization, tissue distribution, and chromosomal location. The Journal of biological chemistry 2001;276(11):8225-30.
62.	Dolce V; Fiermonte G; Runswick M J; Palmieri F; Walker J E The human mitochondrial deoxynucleotide carrier and its role in the toxicity of nucleoside antivirals. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2001;98(5):2284-8.
63.	Palmieri L; Agrimi G; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Palmieri F; Walker J E Identification in Saccharomyces cerevisiae of two isoforms of a novel mitochondrial transporter for 2-oxoadipate and 2-oxoglutarate. The Journal of biological chemistry 2001;276(3):1916-22.
64.	Stock D; Gibbons C; Arechaga I; Leslie A G; Walker J E The rotary mechanism of ATP synthase. Current opinion in structural biology 2000;10(6):672-9.
65.	Gibbons C; Montgomery M G; Leslie A G; Walker J E The structure of the central stalk in bovine F(1)-ATPase at 2.4 A resolution. Nature structural biology 2000;7(11):1055-61.
66.	Arechaga I; Miroux B; Karrasch S; Huijbregts R; de Kruijff B; Runswick M J; Walker J E Characterisation of new intracellular membranes in Escherichia coli accompanying large scale over-production of the b subunit of F(1)F(o) ATP synthase. FEBS letters 2000;482(3):215-9.
67.	Sazanov L A; Walker J E Cryo-electron crystallography of two sub-complexes of bovine complex I reveals the relationship between the membrane and peripheral arms. Journal of molecular biology 2000;302(2):455-64.
68.	Cabezón E; Arechaga I; Jonathan P; Butler G; Walker J E Dimerization of bovine F1-ATPase by binding the inhibitor protein, IF1. The Journal of biological chemistry 2000;275(37):28353-5.
69.	Cabezon E; Butler P J; Runswick M J; Walker J E Modulation of the oligomerization state of the bovine F1-ATPase inhibitor protein, IF1, by pH. The Journal of biological chemistry 2000;275(33):25460-4.
70.	Palmieri L; Lasorsa F M; Vozza A; Agrimi G; Fiermonte G; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Palmieri F Identification and functions of new transporters in yeast mitochondria. Biochimica et biophysica acta 2000;1459(2-3):363-9.
71.	Sazanov L A; Peak-Chew S Y; Fearnley I M; Walker J E Resolution of the membrane domain of bovine complex I into subcomplexes: implications for the structural organization of the enzyme. Biochemistry 2000;39(24):7229-35.
72.	Braig K; Menz R I; Montgomery M G; Leslie A G; Walker J E Structure of bovine mitochondrial F(1)-ATPase inhibited by Mg(2+) ADP and aluminium fluoride. Structure (London, England : 1993) 2000;8(6):567-73.
73.	Leslie A G; Walker J E Structural model of F1-ATPase and the implications for rotary catalysis. Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Biological sciences 2000;355(1396):465-71.
74.	Palmieri L; Runswick M J; Fiermonte G; Walker J E; Palmieri F Yeast mitochondrial carriers: bacterial expression, biochemical identification and metabolic significance. Journal of bioenergetics and biomembranes 2000;32(1):67-77.
75.	Fiermonte G; Dolce V; Arrigoni R; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Palmieri F Organization and sequence of the gene for the human mitochondrial dicarboxylate carrier: evolution of the carrier family. The Biochemical journal 1999;344 Pt 3():953-60.
76.	Palmieri L; Lasorsa F M; Iacobazzi V; Runswick M J; Palmieri F; Walker J E Identification of the mitochondrial carnitine carrier in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. FEBS letters 1999;462(3):472-6.
77.	Stock D; Leslie A G; Walker J E Molecular architecture of the rotary motor in ATP synthase. Science (New York, N.Y.) 1999;286(5445):1700-5.
78.	Palmieri L; Vozza A; Agrimi G; De Marco V; Runswick M J; Palmieri F; Walker J E Identification of the yeast mitochondrial transporter for oxaloacetate and sulfate. The Journal of biological chemistry 1999;274(32):22184-90.
79.	Karrasch S; Walker J E Novel features in the structure of bovine ATP synthase. Journal of molecular biology 1999;290(2):379-84.
80.	Leslie A G; Abrahams J P; Braig K; Lutter R; Menz R I; Orriss G L; van Raaij M J; Walker J E The structure of bovine mitochondrial F1-ATPase: an example of rotary catalysis. Biochemical Society transactions 1999;27(2):37-42.
81.	Skehel J M; Fearnley I M; Walker J E NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria: sequence of a novel 17.2-kDa subunit. FEBS letters 1998;438(3):301-5.
82.	Fiermonte G; Palmieri L; Dolce V; Lasorsa F M; Palmieri F; Runswick M J; Walker J E The sequence, bacterial expression, and functional reconstitution of the rat mitochondrial dicarboxylate transporter cloned via distant homologs in yeast and Caenorhabditis elegans. The Journal of biological chemistry 1998;273(38):24754-9.
83.	Saraste M; Walker J E Membrane proteins. Channels, pumps and charge separators. Current opinion in structural biology 1998;8(4):477-9.
84.	Orriss G L; Leslie A G; Braig K; Walker J E Bovine F1-ATPase covalently inhibited with 4-chloro-7-nitrobenzofurazan: the structure provides further support for a rotary catalytic mechanism. Structure (London, England : 1993) 1998;6(7):831-7.
85.	Palmieri L; Lasorsa F M; De Palma A; Palmieri F; Runswick M J; Walker J E Identification of the yeast ACR1 gene product as a succinate-fumarate transporter essential for growth on ethanol or acetate. FEBS letters 1997;417(1):114-8.
86.	Palmieri L; De Marco V; Iacobazzi V; Palmieri F; Runswick M J; Walker J E Identification of the yeast ARG-11 gene as a mitochondrial ornithine carrier involved in arginine biosynthesis. FEBS letters 1997;410(2-3):447-51.
87.	Groth G; Walker J E Model of the c-subunit oligomer in the membrane domain of F-ATPases. FEBS letters 1997;410(2-3):117-23.
88.	Shirakihara Y; Leslie A G; Abrahams J P; Walker J E; Ueda T; Sekimoto Y; Kambara M; Saika K; Kagawa Y; Yoshida M The crystal structure of the nucleotide-free alpha 3 beta 3 subcomplex of F1-ATPase from the thermophilic Bacillus PS3 is a symmetric trimer. Structure (London, England : 1993) 1997;5(6):825-36.
89.	Palmieri L; Palmieri F; Runswick M J; Walker J E Identification by bacterial expression and functional reconstitution of the yeast genomic sequence encoding the mitochondrial dicarboxylate carrier protein. FEBS letters 1996;399(3):299-302.
90.	van Raaij M J; Orriss G L; Montgomery M G; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Walker J E The ATPase inhibitor protein from bovine heart mitochondria: the minimal inhibitory sequence. Biochemistry 1996;35(49):15618-25.
91.	Collinson I R; Skehel J M; Fearnley I M; Runswick M J; Walker J E The F1F0-ATPase complex from bovine heart mitochondria: the molar ratio of the subunits in the stalk region linking the F1 and F0 domains. Biochemistry 1996;35(38):12640-6.
92.	Abrahams J P; Buchanan S K; Van Raaij M J; Fearnley I M; Leslie A G; Walker J E The structure of bovine F1-ATPase complexed with the peptide antibiotic efrapeptin. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 1996;93(18):9420-4.
93.	Groth G; Walker J E ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria: reconstitution into unilamellar phospholipid vesicles of the pure enzyme in a functional state. The Biochemical journal 1996;318 ( Pt 1)():351-7.
94.	Buchanan S K; Walker J E Large-scale chromatographic purification of F1F0-ATPase and complex I from bovine heart mitochondria. The Biochemical journal 1996;318 ( Pt 1)():343-9.
95.	Fearnley I M; Walker J E Analysis of hydrophobic proteins and peptides by electrospray ionization MS. Biochemical Society transactions 1996;24(3):912-7.
96.	Walker J E; Saraste M Membrane proteins. Membrane protein structure. Current opinion in structural biology 1996;6(4):457-9.
97.	Miroux B; Walker J E Over-production of proteins in Escherichia coli: mutant hosts that allow synthesis of some membrane proteins and globular proteins at high levels. Journal of molecular biology 1996;260(3):289-98.
98.	van Raaij M J; Abrahams J P; Leslie A G; Walker J E The structure of bovine F1-ATPase complexed with the antibiotic inhibitor aurovertin B. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 1996;93(14):6913-7.
99.	Orriss G L; Runswick M J; Collinson I R; Miroux B; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Walker J E The delta- and epsilon-subunits of bovine F1-ATPase interact to form a heterodimeric subcomplex. The Biochemical journal 1996;314 ( Pt 2)():695-700.
100.	Walker J E Determination of the structures of respiratory enzyme complexes from mammalian mitochondria. Biochimica et biophysica acta 1995;1271(1):221-7.
101.	Bentlage H A; Janssen A J; Chomyn A; Attardi G; Walker J E; Schägger H; Sengers R C; Trijbels F J Multiple deficiencies of mitochondrial DNA- and nuclear-encoded subunits of respiratory NADH dehydrogenase detected with peptide- and subunit-specific antibodies in mitochondrial myopathies. Biochimica et biophysica acta 1995;1234(1):63-73.
102.	Walker J E; Collinson I R; Van Raaij M J; Runswick M J Structural analysis of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. Methods in enzymology 1995;260():163-90.
103.	Walker J E; Skehel J M; Buchanan S K Structural analysis of NADH: ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. Methods in enzymology 1995;260():14-34.
104.	Walker J E The regulation of catalysis in ATP synthase. Current opinion in structural biology 1994;4(6):912-8.
105.	Collinson I R; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Runswick M J; Walker J E ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria: identification by proteolysis of sites in F0 exposed by removal of F1 and the oligomycin-sensitivity conferral protein. The Biochemical journal 1994;303 ( Pt 2)():639-45.
106.	Collinson I R; van Raaij M J; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Orriss G L; Miroux B; Walker J E ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. In vitro assembly of a stalk complex in the presence of F1-ATPase and in its absence. Journal of molecular biology 1994;242(4):408-21.
107.	Abrahams J P; Leslie A G; Lutter R; Walker J E Structure at 2.8 A resolution of F1-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria. Nature 1994;370(6491):621-8.
108.	Collinson I R; Runswick M J; Buchanan S K; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; van Raaij M J; Griffiths D E; Walker J E Fo membrane domain of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria: purification, subunit composition, and reconstitution with F1-ATPase. Biochemistry 1994;33(25):7971-8.
109.	Walker J E; Collinson I R The role of the stalk in the coupling mechanism of F1F0-ATPases. FEBS letters 1994;346(1):39-43.
110.	Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Walker J E Electrospray ionization mass spectrometric analysis of subunits of NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I) from bovine heart mitochondria. Biochemical Society transactions 1994;22(2):551-5.
111.	Dolce V; Iacobazzi V; Palmieri F; Walker J E The sequences of human and bovine genes of the phosphate carrier from mitochondria contain evidence of alternatively spliced forms. The Journal of biological chemistry 1994;269(14):10451-60.
112.	Runswick M J; Philippides A; Lauria G; Walker J E Extension of the mitochondrial transporter super-family: sequences of five members from the nematode worm, Caenorhabditis elegans. DNA sequence : the journal of DNA sequencing and mapping 1994;4(5):281-91.
113.	Lutter R; Saraste M; van Walraven H S; Runswick M J; Finel M; Deatherage J F; Walker J E F1F0-ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria: development of the purification of a monodisperse oligomycin-sensitive ATPase. The Biochemical journal 1993;295 ( Pt 3)():799-806.
114.	Walker J E; Runswick M J The mitochondrial transport protein superfamily. Journal of bioenergetics and biomembranes 1993;25(5):435-46.
115.	Fiermonte G; Walker J E; Palmieri F Abundant bacterial expression and reconstitution of an intrinsic membrane-transport protein from bovine mitochondria. The Biochemical journal 1993;294 ( Pt 1)():293-9.
116.	Van Walraven H S; Lutter R; Walker J E Organization and sequences of genes for the subunits of ATP synthase in the thermophilic cyanobacterium Synechococcus 6716. The Biochemical journal 1993;294 ( Pt 1)():239-51.
117.	Medd S M; Walker J E; Jolly R D Characterization of the expressed genes for subunit c of mitochondrial ATP synthase in sheep with ceroid lipofuscinosis. The Biochemical journal 1993;293 ( Pt 1)():65-73.
118.	Dyer M R; Walker J E Sequences of members of the human gene family for the c subunit of mitochondrial ATP synthase. The Biochemical journal 1993;293 ( Pt 1)():51-64.
119.	Abrahams J P; Lutter R; Todd R J; van Raaij M J; Leslie A G; Walker J E Inherent asymmetry of the structure of F1-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria at 6.5 A resolution. The EMBO journal 1993;12(5):1775-80.
120.	Lutter R; Abrahams J P; van Raaij M J; Todd R J; Lundqvist T; Buchanan S K; Leslie A G; Walker J E Crystallization of F1-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria. Journal of molecular biology 1993;229(3):787-90.
121.	Pilkington S J; Arizmendi J M; Fearnley I M; Runswick M J; Skehel J M; Walker J E Structural organization of complex I from bovine mitochondria. Biochemical Society transactions 1993;21(1):26-31.
122.	Pilkington S J; Walker J E Complementary DNA sequence of bovine cpn10 (Hsp10), a chaperone protein from mitochondria. DNA sequence : the journal of DNA sequencing and mapping 1993;3(5):291-5.
123.	Somers D O; Medd S M; Walker J E; Adams M J Sheep 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase. Revised protein sequence based upon the sequences of cDNA clones obtained with the polymerase chain reaction. The Biochemical journal 1992;288 ( Pt 3)():1061-7.
124.	Fearnley I M; Walker J E Conservation of sequences of subunits of mitochondrial complex I and their relationships with other proteins. Biochimica et biophysica acta 1992;1140(2):105-34.
125.	Finel M; Skehel J M; Albracht S P; Fearnley I M; Walker J E Resolution of NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria into two subcomplexes, one of which contains the redox centers of the enzyme. Biochemistry 1992;31(46):11425-34.
126.	Arizmendi J M; Skehel J M; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Walker J E Complementary DNA sequences of two 14.5 kDa subunits of NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. Completion of the primary structure of the complex? FEBS letters 1992;313(1):80-4.
127.	Walker J E; Arizmendi J M; Dupuis A; Fearnley I M; Finel M; Medd S M; Pilkington S J; Runswick M J; Skehel J M Sequences of 20 subunits of NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. Application of a novel strategy for sequencing proteins using the polymerase chain reaction. Journal of molecular biology 1992;226(4):1051-72.
128.	Walker J E The NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I) of respiratory chains. Quarterly reviews of biophysics 1992;25(3):253-324.
129.	Arizmendi J M; Runswick M J; Skehel J M; Walker J E NADH: ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. A fourth nuclear encoded subunit with a homologue encoded in chloroplast genomes. FEBS letters 1992;301(3):237-42.
130.	Palmer D N; Fearnley I M; Walker J E; Hall N A; Lake B D; Wolfe L S; Haltia M; Martinus R D; Jolly R D Mitochondrial ATP synthase subunit c storage in the ceroid-lipofuscinoses (Batten disease). American journal of medical genetics 1992;42(4):561-7.
131.	Iacobazzi V; Palmieri F; Runswick M J; Walker J E Sequences of the human and bovine genes for the mitochondrial 2-oxoglutarate carrier. DNA sequence : the journal of DNA sequencing and mapping 1992;3(2):79-88.
132.	Fiermonte G; Runswick M J; Walker J E; Palmieri F Sequence and pattern of expression of a bovine homologue of a human mitochondrial transport protein associated with Grave’s disease. DNA sequence : the journal of DNA sequencing and mapping 1992;3(2):71-8.
133.	Fearnley I M; Finel M; Skehel J M; Walker J E NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. cDNA sequences of the import precursors of the nuclear-encoded 39 kDa and 42 kDa subunits. The Biochemical journal 1991;278 ( Pt 3)():821-9.
134.	Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Skehel J M; Walker J E Presence of an acyl carrier protein in NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. FEBS letters 1991;286(1-2):121-4.
135.	Dupuis A; Skehel J M; Walker J E NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine mitochondria. cDNA sequence of a 19 kDa cysteine-rich subunit. The Biochemical journal 1991;277 ( Pt 1)():11-5.
136.	Walker J E; Lutter R; Dupuis A; Runswick M J Identification of the subunits of F1F0-ATPase from bovine heart mitochondria. Biochemistry 1991;30(22):5369-78.
137.	Skehel J M; Pilkington S J; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Walker J E NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase from bovine heart mitochondria. Complementary DNA sequence of the import precursor of the 10 kDa subunit of the flavoprotein fragment. FEBS letters 1991;282(1):135-8.
138.	Dupuis A; Skehel J M; Walker J E A homologue of a nuclear-coded iron-sulfur protein subunit of bovine mitochondrial complex I is encoded in chloroplast genomes. Biochemistry 1991;30(11):2954-60.
139.	Pilkington S J; Skehel J M; Gennis R B; Walker J E Relationship between mitochondrial NADH-ubiquinone reductase and a bacterial NAD-reducing hydrogenase. Biochemistry 1991;30(8):2166-75.
140.	Pilkington S J; Skehel J M; Walker J E The 30-kilodalton subunit of bovine mitochondrial complex I is homologous to a protein coded in chloroplast DNA. Biochemistry 1991;30(7):1901-8.
141.	Runswick M J; Walker J E; Bisaccia F; Iacobazzi V; Palmieri F Sequence of the bovine 2-oxoglutarate/malate carrier protein: structural relationship to other mitochondrial transport proteins. Biochemistry 1990;29(50):11033-40.
142.	Fearnley I M; Walker J E; Martinus R D; Jolly R D; Kirkland K B; Shaw G J; Palmer D N The sequence of the major protein stored in ovine ceroid lipofuscinosis is identical with that of the dicyclohexylcarbodiimide-reactive proteolipid of mitochondrial ATP synthase. The Biochemical journal 1990;268(3):751-8.
143.	Runswick M J; Medd S M; Walker J E The delta-subunit of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. Complementary DNA sequence of its import precursor cloned with the aid of the polymerase chain reaction. The Biochemical journal 1990;266(2):421-6.
144.	Walker J E; Fearnley I M; Lutter R; Todd R J; Runswick M J Structural aspects of proton-pumping ATPases. Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Biological sciences 1990;326(1236):367-78.
145.	Viñas O; Powell S J; Runswick M J; Iacobazzi V; Walker J E The epsilon-subunit of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. Complementary DNA sequence, expression in bovine tissues and evidence of homologous sequences in man and rat. The Biochemical journal 1990;265(2):321-6.
146.	Runswick M J; Gennis R B; Fearnley I M; Walker J E Mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase: complementary DNA sequence of the import precursor of the bovine 75-kDa subunit. Biochemistry 1989;28(24):9452-9.
147.	Walker J E; Powell S J; Viñas O; Runswick M J ATP synthase from bovine mitochondria: complementary DNA sequence of the import precursor of a heart isoform of the alpha subunit. Biochemistry 1989;28(11):4702-8.
148.	Dyer M R; Gay N J; Walker J E DNA sequences of a bovine gene and of two related pseudogenes for the proteolipid subunit of mitochondrial ATP synthase. The Biochemical journal 1989;260(1):249-58.
149.	Dyer M R; Gay N J; Powell S J; Walker J E ATP synthase from bovine mitochondria: complementary DNA sequence of the mitochondrial import precursor of the gamma-subunit and the genomic sequence of the mature protein. Biochemistry 1989;28(9):3670-80.
150.	Pilkington S J; Walker J E Mitochondrial NADH-ubiquinone reductase: complementary DNA sequences of import precursors of the bovine and human 24-kDa subunit. Biochemistry 1989;28(8):3257-64.
151.	Cozens A L; Runswick M J; Walker J E DNA sequences of two expressed nuclear genes for human mitochondrial ADP/ATP translocase. Journal of molecular biology 1989;206(2):261-80.
152.	Fearnley I M; Runswick M J; Walker J E A homologue of the nuclear coded 49 kd subunit of bovine mitochondrial NADH-ubiquinone reductase is coded in chloroplast DNA. The EMBO journal 1989;8(3):665-72.
153.	Powell S J; Medd S M; Runswick M J; Walker J E Two bovine genes for mitochondrial ADP/ATP translocase expressed differences in various tissues. Biochemistry 1989;28(2):866-73.
154.	Palmer D N; Fearnley I M; Medd S M; Walker J E; Martinus R D; Bayliss S L; Hall N A; Lake B D; Wolfe L S; Jolly R D Lysosomal storage of the DCCD reactive proteolipid subunit of mitochondrial ATP synthase in human and ovine ceroid lipofuscinoses. Advances in experimental medicine and biology 1989;266():211-22; discussion 223.
155.	Falk G; Walker J E DNA sequence of a gene cluster coding for subunits of the F0 membrane sector of ATP synthase in Rhodospirillum rubrum. Support for modular evolution of the F1 and F0 sectors. The Biochemical journal 1988;254(1):109-22.
156.	Cozens A L; Walker J E Expression of a gene encoding a novel ferredoxin in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus 6301. The Biochemical journal 1988;252(2):563-9.
157.	Wischik C M; Novak M; Thøgersen H C; Edwards P C; Runswick M J; Jakes R; Walker J E; Milstein C; Roth M; Klug A Isolation of a fragment of tau derived from the core of the paired helical filament of Alzheimer disease. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 1988;85(12):4506-10.
158.	Goedert M; Wischik C M; Crowther R A; Walker J E; Klug A Cloning and sequencing of the cDNA encoding a core protein of the paired helical filament of Alzheimer disease: identification as the microtubule-associated protein tau. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 1988;85(11):4051-5.
159.	Walker J E; Gay N J; Powell S J; Kostina M; Dyer M R ATP synthase from bovine mitochondria: sequences of imported precursors of oligomycin sensitivity conferral protein, factor 6, and adenosinetriphosphatase inhibitor protein. Biochemistry 1987;26(26):8613-9.
160.	Fearnley I M; Walker J E Initiation codons in mammalian mitochondria: differences in genetic code in the organelle. Biochemistry 1987;26(25):8247-51.
161.	Walker J E; Runswick M J; Poulter L ATP synthase from bovine mitochondria. The characterization and sequence analysis of two membrane-associated sub-units and of the corresponding cDNAs. Journal of molecular biology 1987;197(1):89-100.
162.	Runswick M J; Powell S J; Nyren P; Walker J E Sequence of the bovine mitochondrial phosphate carrier protein: structural relationship to ADP/ATP translocase and the brown fat mitochondria uncoupling protein. The EMBO journal 1987;6(5):1367-73.
163.	Cozens A L; Walker J E The organization and sequence of the genes for ATP synthase subunits in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus 6301. Support for an endosymbiotic origin of chloroplasts. Journal of molecular biology 1987;194(3):359-83.
164.	Walker J E; Cozens A L; Dyer M R; Fearnley I M; Powell S J; Runswick M J Structure and genes of ATP synthase. Biochemical Society transactions 1987;15(1):104-6.
165.	Mason R W; Walker J E; Northrop F D The N-terminal amino acid sequences of the heavy and light chains of human cathepsin L. Relationship to a cDNA clone for a major cysteine proteinase from a mouse macrophage cell line. The Biochemical journal 1986;240(2):373-7.
166.	Fearnley I M; Walker J E Two overlapping genes in bovine mitochondrial DNA encode membrane components of ATP synthase. The EMBO journal 1986;5(8):2003-8.
167.	Walker J E; Fearnley I M; Blows R A A rapid solid-phase protein microsequencer. The Biochemical journal 1986;237(1):73-84.
168.	Cozens A L; Walker J E Pea chloroplast DNA encodes homologues of Escherichia coli ribosomal subunit S2 and the beta’-subunit of RNA polymerase. The Biochemical journal 1986;236(2):453-60.
169.	Hayes P K; Walsby A E; Walker J E Complete amino acid sequence of cyanobacterial gas-vesicle protein indicates a 70-residue molecule that corresponds in size to the crystallographic unit cell. The Biochemical journal 1986;236(1):31-6.
170.	Runswick M J; Walker J E; Gibson B W; Williams D H The frayed N-terminal of the inhibitor protein of bovine mitochondrial F1-ATPase. The Biochemical journal 1986;235(2):515-9.
171.	Gay N J; Tybulewicz V L; Walker J E Insertion of transposon Tn7 into the Escherichia coli glmS transcriptional terminator. The Biochemical journal 1986;234(1):111-7.
172.	Cozens A L; Walker J E; Phillips A L; Huttly A K; Gray J C A sixth subunit of ATP synthase, an F(0) component, is encoded in the pea chloroplast genome. The EMBO journal 1986;5(2):217-22.
173.	Gay N J; Walker J E Two genes encoding the bovine mitochondrial ATP synthase proteolipid specify precursors with different import sequences and are expressed in a tissue-specific manner. The EMBO journal 1985;4(13A):3519-24.
174.	Walker J E; Fearnley I M; Gay N J; Gibson B W; Northrop F D; Powell S J; Runswick M J; Saraste M; Tybulewicz V L Primary structure and subunit stoichiometry of F1-ATPase from bovine mitochondria. Journal of molecular biology 1985;184(4):677-701.
175.	Falk G; Walker J E Transcription of Rhodospirillum rubrum atp operon. The Biochemical journal 1985;229(3):663-8.
176.	Falk G; Hampe A; Walker J E Nucleotide sequence of the Rhodospirillum rubrum atp operon. The Biochemical journal 1985;228(2):391-407.
177.	Matsudaira P; Jakes R; Walker J E A gelsolin-like Ca2+-dependent actin-binding domain in villin. Nature 1985;315(6016):248-50.
178.	Voordouw G; Walker J E; Brenner S Cloning of the gene encoding the hydrogenase from Desulfovibrio vulgaris (Hildenborough) and determination of the NH2-terminal sequence. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1985;148(3):509-14.
179.	Gay N J; Walker J E Molecular cloning of a bovine cathepsin. The Biochemical journal 1985;225(3):707-12.
180.	Cook K G; Bradford A P; Yeaman S J; Aitken A; Fearnley I M; Walker J E Regulation of bovine kidney branched-chain 2-oxoacid dehydrogenase complex by reversible phosphorylation. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1984;145(3):587-91.
181.	Walker J E; Gay N J; Saraste M; Eberle A N DNA sequence around the Escherichia coli unc operon. Completion of the sequence of a 17 kilobase segment containing asnA, oriC, unc, glmS and phoS. The Biochemical journal 1984;224(3):799-815.
182.	Tybulewicz V L; Falk G; Walker J E Rhodopseudomonas blastica atp operon. Nucleotide sequence and transcription. Journal of molecular biology 1984;179(2):185-214.
183.	Walker J E; Saraste M; Gay N J The unc operon. Nucleotide sequence, regulation and structure of ATP-synthase. Biochimica et biophysica acta 1984;768(2):164-200.
184.	Walker J E; Falk G; Gay N J; Tybulewicz V L Genes for bacterial and mitochondrial ATP synthase. Biochemical Society transactions 1984;12(2):234-5.
185.	Carne A; Walker J E Amino acid sequence of ovine 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase. The Journal of biological chemistry 1983;258(21):12895-906.
186.	Hollemans M; Runswick M J; Fearnley I M; Walker J E The sites of labeling of the beta-subunit of bovine mitochondrial F1-ATPase with 8-azido-ATP. The Journal of biological chemistry 1983;258(15):9307-13.
187.	Runswick M J; Walker J E The amino acid sequence of the beta-subunit of ATP synthase from bovine heart mitochondria. The Journal of biological chemistry 1983;258(5):3081-9.
188.	Walker J E; Walsby A E Molecular weight of gas-vesicle protein from the planktonic cyanobacterium Anabaena flos-aquae and implications for structure of the vesicle. The Biochemical journal 1983;209(3):809-15.
189.	Gay N J; Walker J E Homology between human bladder carcinoma oncogene product and mitochondrial ATP-synthase. Nature 1983;301(5897):262-4.
190.	Walker J E; Gay N J Analysis of Escherichia coli ATP synthase subunits by DNA and protein sequencing. Methods in enzymology 1983;97():195-218.
191.	Walker J E; Runswick M J; Saraste M Subunit equivalence in Escherichia coli and bovine heart mitochondrial F1F0 ATPases. FEBS letters 1982;146(2):393-6.
192.	Walker J E; Saraste M; Gay N J E. coli F1-ATPase interacts with a membrane protein component of a proton channel. Nature 1982;298(5877):867-9.
193.	Saraste M; Walker J E Internal sequence repeats and the path of polypeptide in mitochondrial ADP/ATP translocase. FEBS letters 1982;144(2):250-4.
194.	Walker J E; Eberle A; Gay N J; Runswick M J; Saraste M Conservation of structure in proton-translocating ATPases of Escherichia coli and mitochondria. Biochemical Society transactions 1982;10(4):203-6.
195.	Walker J E; Auffret A D; Carne A; Gurnett A; Hanisch P; Hill D; Saraste M Solid-phase sequence analysis of polypeptides eluted from polyacrylamide gels. An aid to interpretation of DNA sequences exemplified by the Escherichia coli unc operon and bacteriophage lambda. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1982;123(2):253-60.
196.	Robbins F M; Walker J E Separation of catheptic enzymes of bovine spleen by isoelectric focusing. Journal of agricultural and food chemistry 1982;30(1):61-5.
197.	Walker J E; Saraste M; Runswick M J; Gay N J Distantly related sequences in the alpha- and beta-subunits of ATP synthase, myosin, kinases and other ATP-requiring enzymes and a common nucleotide binding fold. The EMBO journal 1982;1(8):945-51.
198.	McConnell J; Gurnett A M; Cordingley J S; Walker J E; Turner M J Biosynthesis of Trypanosoma brucei variant surface glycoprotein. I. Synthesis, size, and processing of an N-terminal signal peptide. Molecular and biochemical parasitology 1981;4(3-4):225-42.
199.	Armstrong J; Perham R N; Walker J E Domain structure of bacteriophage fd adsorption protein. FEBS letters 1981;135(1):167-72.
200.	Saraste M; Gay N J; Eberle A; Runswick M J; Walker J E The atp operon: nucleotide sequence of the genes for the gamma, beta, and epsilon subunits of Escherichia coli ATP synthase. Nucleic acids research 1981;9(20):5287-96.
201.	Gay N J; Walker J E The atp operon: nucleotide sequence of the promoter and the genes for the membrane proteins, and the delta subunit of Escherichia coli ATP-synthase. Nucleic acids research 1981;9(16):3919-26.
202.	Gay N J; Walker J E The atp operon: nucleotide sequence of the region encoding the alpha-subunit of Escherichia coli ATP-synthase. Nucleic acids research 1981;9(9):2187-94.
203.	Neuberger M S; Hartley B S; Walker J E Purification and properties of D-ribulokinase and D-xylulokinase from Klebsiella aerogenes. The Biochemical journal 1981;193(2):513-24.
204.	Walker J E; Wonacott A J; Harris J I Heat stability of a tetrameric enzyme, D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1980;108(2):581-6.
205.	Walker J E; Carne A F; Runswick M J; Bridgen J; Harris J I D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. Complete amino-acid sequence of the enzyme from Bacillus stearothermophilus. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1980;108(2):549-65.
206.	Harris J I; Hocking J D; Runswick M J; Suzuki K; Walker J E D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. The purification and characterisation of the enzyme from the thermophiles Bacillus stearothermophilus and Thermus aquaticus. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1980;108(2):535-47.
207.	Brock C J; Walker J E Superoxide dismutase from Bacillus stearothermophilus. Complete amino acid sequence of a manganese enzyme. Biochemistry 1980;19(13):2873-82.
208.	Harris J I; Auffret A D; Northrop F D; Walker J E Structural comparisons of superoxide dismutases. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1980;106(1):297-303.
209.	Emmerson P T; Northrop F D; Walker J E; West S C Amino terminal sequence of the recA protein of Escherichia coli. FEBS letters 1979;106(2):349-51.
210.	Walker J E; Carne A F; Schmitt H W The topography of the purple membrane. Nature 1979;278(5705):653-4.
211.	McLachlan A D; Walker J E Serum albumin domain secondary structure prediction. Biochimica et biophysica acta 1978;536(1):106-11.
212.	Shaw D C; Walker J E; Northrop F D; Barrell B G; Godson G N; Fiddes J C Gene K, a new overlapping gene in bacteriophage G4. Nature 1978;272(5653):510-5.
213.	Barrell B G; Shaw D C; Walker J E; Northrop F D; Godson G N; Fiddes J C Overlapping genes in bacteriophages phiX174 and G4. Biochemical Society transactions 1978;6(1):63-7.
214.	McLachlan A D; Walker J E Evolution of serum albumin. Journal of molecular biology 1977;112(4):543-58.
215.	Biesecker G; Harris J I; Thierry J C; Walker J E; Wonacott A J Sequence and structure of D-glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase from Bacillus stearothermophilus. Nature 1977;266(5600):328-33.
216.	Walker J E Lysine residue 199 of human serum albumin is modified by acetylsalicyclic acid. FEBS letters 1976;66(2):173-5.
217.	Burr B; Walker J; Truffa-Bachi P; Cohen G N Homoserine kinase from Escherichia coli K12. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1976;62(3):519-26.
218.	Walker J E; Zylber N; Keil B Porcine trypsin: separation of the two polypeptide chains of the alpha-form and partial amino acid sequence. FEBS letters 1973;32(2):223-6.
219.	Walker J E; Keil B Purification and characterisation of different active forms of pork trypsin. European journal of biochemistry / FEBS 1973;32(3):486-91.
220.	Rampton J H; Pearson A M; Walker J E; Kapsalis J G Disc electrophoresis of Weber-Edsall extract and actomyosin from skeletal muscle. Journal of agricultural and food chemistry 1971;19(2):238-40.
221.	Walker J E Antibiotic production and sporulation in Bacillus subtilis. The Biochemical journal 1971;121(3):571-3.
222.	Walker J E; Gordon E R Biochemical aspects associated with an ethanol-induced fatty liver. The Biochemical journal 1970;119(3):511-6.
223.	Walker J E; Abraham E P The structure of bacilysin and other products of Bacillus subtilis. The Biochemical journal 1970;118(4):563-70.
224.	Walker J E; Abraham E P Isolation of bacilysin and a new amino acid from culture filtrates of Bacillus subtilis. The Biochemical journal 1970;118(4):557-61.
225.	Linnett P E; Walker J Biosynthesis of thiamine. Incorporation experiments with 14C-labelled substrates and with (15N)glycine in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The Biochemical journal 1968;109(2):161-8.
226.	Linnett P E; Walker J Biosynthesis of thiamine. II. Origin of the carbon atom in the 2-position of the thiazole component. Journal of the Chemical Society. Perkin transactions 1 1967;9():796-9.
227.	Hitchcock C H; Walker J Experiments on the biosynthesis of thiamine. Isotope-competition experiments with [S]sulphate in cultures of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The Biochemical journal 1961;80(1):137-48
�



Videos of John E. Walker

 

Photos of John E. Walker










 

Comments are closed.




PostingsDirector
MRC Mitochondrial Biology Unit – Cambridge
Fellow of Sidney Sussex College
University of Cambridge
 
 



© 2014 | All rights reserved. Privacy | Terms and Conditions















