

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Walthausen & Co., LLC                                                                                                    - Malta                                             , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Malta



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Walthausen & Co., LLC
                                    



 





















W 


Walthausen & Co., LLC                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2691 STATE ROUTE 9 # 102 MALTA, NY 12020
Get Directions



(518) 371-3450
www.walthausenco.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $927,293.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts John Walthausen                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Walthausen & Co., Llc                                                                                                    was founded in 2007, and is located at 2691 State Route 9 # 102 in Malta. Additional information is available at www.walthausenco.com                                                                                     or by contacting John Walthausen                                                                                                          at (518) 371-3450. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Home - Walthausen & Co. LLC









































 



Home
About the Firm
Products
Philosophy
Process
Contact






ValueEmphasis

Learn more aboutour philosophy >



ProcessMatters

Learn more aboutour process >



FocusedStrategy

Learn more aboutour products >



TheFirm

Learn more aboutour team >


 

“Principles of sound investment should not alter from decade to decade, but the application of these principles must be adapted to significant changes in the financial mechanisms and climate.”Benjamin Graham
“The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.”Dwight D. Eisenhower
“There is only one boss — The Customer. He can fire everyone in the company from the chairman down, simply be spending his money somewhere else.”Sam Walton
Specialists in Small Cap Value Investing
John Walthausen, CFA/Mark Hodge/Paul Nichols/DeForest Hinman/Stanley Westhoff/Curt Lasek/Samantha Doxie/Erik Nero/Amy Messier 







Walthausen & Co., LLC is an employee-owned, SEC registered investment adviser with its principal place of business in Malta, NY. The firm specializes in providing discretionary investment advisory services to institutions through separately managed accounts and individuals through mutual funds using a value strategy in the small and small to mid capitalization segments of the US domestic equities market.
Value investing has been a passion of John Walthausen for over 40 years. He founded Walthausen & Co. in 2007 with the goal of generating superior, long term returns for clients and investors utilizing a time-tested, bottom-up, fundamental approach relying on independent, in-house research.




 

 



Walthausen & Co., LLC © 2017  •  Privacy Policy  •  Business Continuity Plan









Home - Walthausen & Co. LLC









































 



Home
About the Firm
Products
Philosophy
Process
Contact






ValueEmphasis

Learn more aboutour philosophy >



ProcessMatters

Learn more aboutour process >



FocusedStrategy

Learn more aboutour products >



TheFirm

Learn more aboutour team >


 

“Principles of sound investment should not alter from decade to decade, but the application of these principles must be adapted to significant changes in the financial mechanisms and climate.”Benjamin Graham
“The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.”Dwight D. Eisenhower
“There is only one boss — The Customer. He can fire everyone in the company from the chairman down, simply be spending his money somewhere else.”Sam Walton
Specialists in Small Cap Value Investing
John Walthausen, CFA/Mark Hodge/Paul Nichols/DeForest Hinman/Stanley Westhoff/Curt Lasek/Samantha Doxie/Erik Nero/Amy Messier 







Walthausen & Co., LLC is an employee-owned, SEC registered investment adviser with its principal place of business in Malta, NY. The firm specializes in providing discretionary investment advisory services to institutions through separately managed accounts and individuals through mutual funds using a value strategy in the small and small to mid capitalization segments of the US domestic equities market.
Value investing has been a passion of John Walthausen for over 40 years. He founded Walthausen & Co. in 2007 with the goal of generating superior, long term returns for clients and investors utilizing a time-tested, bottom-up, fundamental approach relying on independent, in-house research.




 

 



Walthausen & Co., LLC © 2017  •  Privacy Policy  •  Business Continuity Plan









Products - Walthausen & Co. LLC










































 



Home
About the Firm
Products
Philosophy
Process
Contact




Products 





Applying philosophy and process to product development.
Select a product below to learn more.


Small Cap Value
Select Value Strategy
Walthausen Funds

 


Small Cap Value
Separate Accounts for Institutional Investors
This portfolio focuses on the lower end of the capitalization range with market caps between $100 million and $2 billion and a median market cap of around $1 billion. The firm believes that a focus on smaller stocks, many of which fall below the range of most money manager’s search, allows the finding and capturing of unusual inefficiencies. Liquidity constraints, a particular problem with truly neglected stocks, limit the capacity for this strategy.
Portfolio returns can be less consistent in this portfolio, because shares of these smaller companies tend to be more volatile. The portfolio will include from 75 to 100 names with portfolio weighting based on a variety of factors including; confidence in the position, risk, liquidity and market cap. Typically, no one position will account for more than 4.0% of the portfolio. Based on market cap, some very small cap names may represent less than ½ % of the portfolio. While the team seeks diversification, any use of techniques to reduce short term volatility is secondary to the goal of achieving a high return over the three year time horizon.
Stock selection will be more focused on “Special Situations” because of the greater number of this type of company in the small cap universe. Particularly at points in the market cycle when risk is being more appropriately priced, investment will be focused on companies with high financial leverage, histories of operating losses and other factors which suggest a bankruptcy risk, as well as more traditional special situations of spin-offs and turnarounds.




“There is only one boss — The Customer. He can fire everyone in the company from the chairman down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.”Sam Walton 
 

 



Walthausen & Co., LLC © 2017  •  Privacy Policy  •  Business Continuity Plan









About the Firm - Walthausen & Co. LLC










































 



Home
About the Firm
Products
Philosophy
Process
Contact




About the Firm 





Specialists in small cap
value investing.
The Walthausen investment team is led by CIO and Portfolio Manager, John Walthausen, supported by Portfolio Manager and Director of Research, DeForest Hinman; Senior Research Analysts, Stan Westhoff and Curt Lasek; and Research Analyst, Samantha Doxie. Trading and operations is led by Paul Nichols, who has over 15 years experience trading small cap equities, while administrative and compliance responsibilities are covered by Mark Hodge, a 30 year veteran in the financial market place. Marketing and client service is led by Erik Nero and the team is rounded out by Amy Messier in the role of Office Manager and Executive Assistant.
History
Walthausen & Co., LLC is a limited liability company founded in August, 2007 by John Walthausen. He was joined by the investment team that had worked with him previously at Paradigm Capital Management. Over the ensuing years, the firm has built a solid advisory business with assets under management growing to around the $1.3 billion mark since inception through the end of 2016.
The firm’s principal place of business is in Malta, NY, about three hours drive north of New York City. The investment team brought with them from their previous firm the same disciplined investment philosophy and process along with a commitment to providing superior long term returns and client service to clients and investors.
The firm provides advisory services to both institutions through separate accounts, and individuals via mutual funds, offering two small cap domestic equities strategies: Small Cap Value and Select Value (small to mid cap.). These strategies involve investing in companies that the investment team believe are trading below their underlying value based on certain financial measurements of their worth.



Select a member of the team to learn more.
John Walthausen, CFAChief Investment Officer and Portfolio ManagerJohn Walthausen is chief investment officer and the team leader for both the small cap value and small/mid value products. As CIO, Mr. Walthausen governs the investment process and manages the firm’s research department. As team leader, John has the responsibility for the portfolio management of Walthausen & Co.‘s small cap value and its small/mid value product. He has developed a well honed understanding of investing in small cap value stocks for over 40 years. Prior to founding Walthausen & Co., John served as Senior Portfolio Manager at Paradigm Capital Management from 1994 to 2007. John earned a B.A. from Kenyon College, a BArch. from City College, and an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University. He is a member of the CFA Institute and the New York Society of Securities Analysts.
Close [ X ]Mark HodgeChief Compliance OfficerMark Hodge is chief compliance officer. Mr. Hodge is charged with all compliance and administrative responsibilities relating to the advisory clients of Walthausen & Co. Mark has over 30 years experience in the financial industry. From 1998 to 2007, he was Vice President of institutional equity sales at C.L. King and Associates. Prior to 1998, he worked in the same capacity marketing Australian and New Zealand equities, as well as spending two years as an equities portfolio manager with J. B. Were Investment Management. Mark received a Bachelor of Economics degree from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia.
Close [ X ]Paul NicholsSenior Vice President, TradingPaul Nichols serves as director of trading and operations. As the director of trading, Mr. Nichols works closely with the portfolio team to cultivate the constant flow of time sensitive market data along with order executions. Operationally, he oversees portfolio accounting, trade settlement and performance computations. Paul has 16 years of trading experience, including serving as Vice President and Head Trader for Paradigm Capital Management from 1998 to 2007. Prior to 1998, he served as institutional sales trader from 1996 to 1998, and worked in operations from 1994 to 1996, while at C.L. King and Associates. Paul earned a B.S. in Business Administration and a major in Economics from SUNY Oswego.
Close [ X ]DeForest HinmanPortfolio Manager and Director of ResearchDeForest Hinman serves as a portfolio manager, director of research, and research analyst for both the small cap value and small/mid value products. Mr. Hinman provides investment research coverage for the health care and consumer discretionary and financial sectors. Previously, he worked as a research analyst with Paradigm Capital Management from 2005 to 2007. DeForest was also a research intern at Paradigm Capital in 2005. Mr. Hinman received a M.B.A. in Finance from the State University of NY at Albany and a B.S. in Business Administration (Summa Cum Laude) from the State University of NY at Albany. He holds a Series 65 securities license.
Close [ X ]Stanley WesthoffSenior Research AnalystStanley Westhoff serves as a research analyst for both the small cap value and small/mid value products. Mr. Westhoff provides investment research coverage for the materials and industrial sectors. Most recently, he worked as a research analyst with Paradigm Capital Management from 2006 to 2007. Stan received a M.B.A. in Finance from State University of NY at Albany and a B.S. in Business Administration from State University of NY at Albany.
Close [ X ]Curt LasekSenior Research AnalystCurt Lasek serves as a research analyst for both the small cap value and small/mid value products. Most recently, he worked as a research analyst with Paradigm Capital Management from 2000 to 2011. Prior to 2000, Curt served as a credit analyst at The Travelers Companies, Inc. from 1998 to 1999 and held various financial and accounting roles of increasing responsibility at KeyCorp from 1992 to 1997. Curt holds an M.B.A. in Finance from Case Western Reserve University and a B.S. in Business Administration with a major in Accounting from West Virginia University.
Close [ X ]Samantha DoxieResearch AnalystSamantha serves as a research analyst for both the Small Cap Value and Select Value products. She joined Walthausen & Co. in June 2017 after receiving a B.S. in both Finance and Accounting from Siena College in Loudonville, New York.
Close [ X ]Erik NeroDirector of Marketing and Client ServiceErik serves as director of marketing and client service. Erik brings 15 years of relationship manager experience to the firm. Most recently, he worked as Vice President, Financial Consultant with Fidelity Investments. Erik received a Bachelor of Arts in English from Siena College in Loudonville, NY. He holds Series 7 and Series 66 securities licenses.
Close [ X ]Amy MessierOffice Manager-Executive AssistantAmy Messier serves as Office Manager as well as Executive Assistant, providing support in the areas of administration, business development and client service. Most recently, she worked as an Executive Assistant at First Niagara Bank, N.A. from 2008 to 2013. Amy has over 15 years experience in various administrative roles in the financial industry.
Close [ X ] 
 

 



Walthausen & Co., LLC © 2017  •  Privacy Policy  •  Business Continuity Plan









Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Kaiser Aluminum Corp. Company Profile (OTC:KLUCQ)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)
Kaiser Aluminum Corporation manufactures and sells semi-fabricated specialty aluminum mill products. The Company operates in the Fabricated Products segment. The Company's Fabricated Products segment focuses on producing rolled, extruded and drawn aluminum products used principally for aerospace and defense, automotive and general engineering products that include consumer durables, electronics, electrical and machinery and equipment applications. The Company offers its products for various end market applications, such as aerospace and high strength (Aero/HS products); automotive (Automotive Extrusions); general engineering (GE products), and other industrial (Other products). The Company's fabricated aluminum mill products include flat-rolled (plate and sheet), extruded (rod, bar, hollows and shapes), drawn (rod, bar, pipe and tube) and cast aluminum products. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Basic Materials
Industry: Primary Aluminum Production
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: OTC:KLUCQ
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.kaiseraluminum.com



P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: P/E Growth: 


Profitability:Net Margins: 10.13%Return on Equity: 18.01%Return on Assets: 10.11%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)
What is Kaiser Aluminum Corp.'s stock symbol?

Kaiser Aluminum Corp. trades on the OTC under the ticker symbol "KLUCQ."



How often does Kaiser Aluminum Corp. pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Kaiser Aluminum Corp.?

Kaiser Aluminum Corp. declared a quarterly dividend on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 27th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share on Tuesday, August 15th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of Infinity.  View Kaiser Aluminum Corp.'s Dividend History.



Who are some of Kaiser Aluminum Corp.'s key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Kaiser Aluminum Corp. include RDS-A (RDS-A), BHP Billiton Limited (BHP), BHP Billiton PLC (BBL), Rio Tinto PLC (RIO), Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW), E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD), BHP Billiton plc (BLT), Rio Tinto plc (RIO), Glencore PLC (GLNCY), Monsanto Company (MON), Vale S.A. (VALE), Syngenta AG (SYT), SHIN-ETSU CHEMICAL (SHECY), Ecolab (ECL), Praxair (PX), LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB), Linde AG (LNEGY) and Air Products and Chemicals (APD).



Who are Kaiser Aluminum Corp.'s key executives?

Kaiser Aluminum Corp.'s management team includes the folowing people: Jack A. Hockema, Independent Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerKeith A. Harvey, President, Chief Operating OfficerDaniel J. Rinkenberger, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentJohn Malcolm Donnan, Executive Vice President - Legal, Compliance and Human ResourcesJohn Barneson III, Senior Vice President - Corporate DevelopmentNeal E. West, Vice President, Chief Accounting OfficerDel Miller, Vice President, TreasurerMark R. Krouse, Vice President - Human ResourcesMelinda C. Ellsworth, Vice President - Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsRay Parkinson, Vice President - Advanced Engineering



How do I buy Kaiser Aluminum Corp. stock? 

Shares of Kaiser Aluminum Corp. can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC KLUCQ)Community Ranking:  2.2 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  10 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  13 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  23MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Kaiser Aluminum Corp. and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History by Quarter for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC KLUCQ)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/17/2017quarterly$0.507/27/20178/15/20174/17/2017quarterly$0.504/27/20175/15/20171/17/2017quarterly$0.501/27/20172/15/201710/14/2016quarterly$0.4510/25/201611/15/20167/15/2016quarterly$0.457/25/20168/15/20164/15/2016quarterly$0.454/25/20165/13/2016(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)


Latest Headlines for Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (OTC:KLUCQ)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineKaiser Aluminum Corp. (KLUCQ) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.50www.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 5:26 PMKaiser Aluminum Corp. (KLUCQ) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.50www.americanbankingnews.com - April 17 at 6:22 PMKaiser Aluminum Corporation Adopts Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement For Stockholder Approval at its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholderswww.nasdaq.com - April 8 at 8:43 AM


Social





Chart



This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































