


David R. Walt | Department of Chemistry | Tufts University


























Tufts Home
Tufts Directory
Contact Us





Quick Links
Outlook Web Email
TuftsLife.com
	        Tufts Directory
	        Employment
SIS
Libraries
Electronic Journals
Events Calendar
	        Place/View Orders
Trunk
	        Tufts Marketplace
	        Tufts TechConnect
          
 





 













Home
About

Chair's Welcome
Overview, Past & Present
Facilities & Resources
Surrounding Communities
ChemNotes
Alumni Connections
Employment Opportunities


Graduate


Goals and Expectations
Requirements
Application and Admissions Information
Financial Aid
Graduate Funding Opportunities
Graduate Student Housing

On-Campus
Off-Campus


Course Listings
Chemistry Program Handbook

Fall 2011 and before
Spring 2012 and thereafter
ChemBiotech Grads 
ChemPhysics Grads

Graduate School of Arts & Sciences
Graduate School "Handbook for Graduate Students"
Forms for Graduate Students
Graduation Information
Graduate Student Council


Undergraduate

Advisor Selection
Approved Courses in Related Fields
Awards Available
Major Concentration Checklist
Goals & Requirements
Majors and Programs
Research Opportunities
Senior Thesis
Transfer of Credit
Why Study Chemistry at Tufts


Research

Bennett Group
Kenny Group
Kounaves Group
Kritzer Group
Kumar Group
Lin Group
Mace Group
Robbat Group
Rybak-Akimova Group
Scheck Group
Shultz Group
Sykes Group
Thomas Group
Utz Group
Walt Group


People

Faculty 

Bennett 
d'Alarcao 
Haas 
Kenny 
Kounaves 
Kritzer 
Kryatov 
Kumar 
Lin 
Mace 
Pamuk-Turner 
Robbat 
Rybak-Akimova 
Scheck 
Shultz 
Stolow 
Sykes 
Thomas 
Utz 
Walt 


Staff 

Aulenback  
Bens 
Coombes 
D'Andrea  
Gibson 
Hickey  
Iacobucci 
Kaliontzis  
Lanza 
Maddox 
O’Hagan 
Schubert 
Wilbur 




Seminars
Resources












 Faculty







 David R. Walt
          Department of Chemistry 
          Pearson Chemistry Laboratory
          62 Talbot Avenue
          Tufts University  
          Medford, MA 02155 
Office:  P-309
 Tel: 617-627-3470   Fax: 617-627-3443 
 E-mail: david.walt@tufts.edu 
            
         
 Research Homepage


  
  Current Appointments
 
 University Professor
 Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor
Adjunct Professor of Biomedical Engineering

 
  Education 
 
Postdoctoral Research Associate, 1979-81, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA 
Ph.D., 1979 (Chemical Biology), SUNY at Stony Brook, Stony Brook, New York
B.S. 1974 (Chemistry), University of Michigan, Ann 
Arbor, Michigan
  
  Research Interests

Bioanalytical Chemistry, Materials Chemistry, Biochemistry and 
Nanoscience.  The Walt group's research effort employs optical fiber 
microarrays for the detection and analysis of single molecules. Single enzyme 
molecules are enclosed with fluorogenic substrate in an array of thousands of 
individually addressable microchambers etched into a glass optical fiber bundle. 
The large array size provides excellent statistics. The substrate turnover in 
the microchambers can be monitored with fluorescence microscopy. The results of 
these experiments provide mechanistic insight into enzyme mechanisms. In 
addition to these fundamental studies, they have also developed single molecule 
methods for high sensitivity DNA and protein detection. In another project the 
Walt lab is investigating the limits to creating high-density sensing arrays 
containing thousands of microsensors and nanosensors and are preparing arrays to 
perform high density nucleic acid and protein analysis. One application of this 
effort is an integrated diagnostic platform for performing medical diagnostics 
using saliva as a sample instead of blood. The arrays can also be used to study 
living cells, both as cell populations as well as individual cells, and analyze 
the contents of individual cells by integrating microfluidics with single 
molecule detection. They are also studying the behavior of large numbers of 
cells to understand the distribution of cell behaviors in a population.l             
 
  Selected Recent Publications


"Stoichiometry of the α-Complementation Reaction of Escherichia coli β-Galactosidase As Revealed through Single-Molecule Studies." Mogalisetti, P., Walt, D., Biochemistry, 2015, 54, 1583-1588.
 
"Disease Detection by Ultrasensitive Quantification of Microdosed Synthetic Urinary Biomarkers" Warren, A., Gaylord, S., Ngan, K.,  Milutinovic, M., Kwong, G., Bhatia, S., Walt, D.,
 J. Amer. Chem. Soc., 2014, 136, 13709-13714.
 
"Measuring Atomic Emission from Beacons for Long-Distance Chemical Signaling" 
LaFratta, C., Pelse, I., Falla, J. L., Palacios, M.,  Manesse, M., Whitesides, G., Walt, D., 
Anal. Chem., 2013, 85, 8933-8936.
 
"Optical Methods for Single Molecule Detection and Analysis", David R. Walt,
Anal. Chem., 2013, 85, 1258–1263.
 
"InfoBiology by printed arrays of microorganism colonies for timed and on-demand release of messages", M.  A. Palacios, E.  Benito-Peña, M.  Manesse, A.  D. Mazzeo, C. N. LaFratta, G.  M. Whitesides, and D.  R. Walt, Proc Natl Acad Sci USA, 2011, 108, 16510-16514.
 
"Detection and Classification of 
          Ignitable Liquid Residues using a Fluorescence-Based Vapor-Sensitive Microsphere 
          Array", M. J. Aernecke, D. R. Walt, J. Forensic. Sci., 2010, 55, 
          178-184. 

          "Synthesis and Biological Testing of Penicillins: An Investigative Approach to 
          the Undergraduate Teaching Laboratory" , R. D. Whitaker, L. Truhlar, D. Yuksel, 
          D. R. Walt, M. Williams, J. Chem. Edu.,  2010, 87, 
          634-636.
  
"Analytical Chemistry on the Femtoliter Scale", H. H. Gorris, and D. R. Walt. 
 Ang. Chemie, 2010, 49, 3880-3895.
  
"Visualizing Fluorescence: Using a Homemade Fluorescence 'Microscope' to View 
          Latent Fingerprints on Paper" C. N. LaFratta, D. R. Walt, S. P. Huh, A. 
          Mallillin, and P. Riviello. 
J. Chem. Edu., 2010, 87, 1105-1107.
  
"Single-molecule enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay detects serum proteins at 
          subfemtomolar concentrations", D. M. Rissin, C. W. Kan, T. G. Campbell, S. C. 
          Stuart, D. R. Fournier, L. Song, T. Piech, P. P. Patel, L. Chang, A. J. Rivnak, 
          E. P. Ferrell, J. D. Randall, G. K. Provuncher, D. R. Walt, D. C. Duffy,  Nature Biotechnology, 2010, 28, 595-599.
 
"Optical-fiber 
          arrays for vapor sensing", Aernecke, Matthew J.; 
            Walt, David R. Sensors and Actuators, B: Chemical, 2009, B142, 464-469.
 
"Infochemistry 
          and infofuses for the chemical storage and transmission of coded information" Thomas, Samuel W., III; Chiechi, Ryan C.; Lafratta, Christopher N.; Webb, 
            Michael R.; Lee, Andrew; Wiley, Benjamin J.; Zakin, Mitchell R.; Walt, David R.; 
            Whitesides, George M. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 2009, 106, 9147-9150.

"Intelligent Medical 
                Diagnostics via Molecular Logic", Konry, Tania; Walt, 
                  David R., J. Amer. Chem. Soc.,  2009, 
                    131, 13232-13233.
                   
 Additional publications can be found HERE



Selected Media & E/PO Links


- BBC News "Fluorescing Bacteria Used to Encode Secret Messages" 27 Sept 2011
 
- ACS Webinar "A Life of Inovation - Finding Your Passion" David Walt 17 June 2010
 
- "Working with Local Public Schools" Tufts Daily, 31 March 2010
 
- Observing Single Enzymes At Work Chem. Eng. News, 29 Oct 2007
 
 














Copyright © 2012 Tufts Chemistry Department















Orlando Product Liability Attorney | David R. Heil P.A.














































David R. Heil P.A.Personal Injury Attorney in Orlando 
Call Me for a FREE Consultation 24 HRS A DAY
(800) 952-1622
Orlando
(407) 599-2100
Melbourne
(321) 327-2944
DeLand
(386) 736-9000



Defective Product Attorney in Orlando
Orlando Defective Product Liability Attorney
When buying a product, you the consumer should be assured that the product will work properly and not cause you harm. Corporations not only have a responsibility but an obligation to ensure that they are designing and manufacturing safe products. If this obligation is not met and you are hurt by a defective product, do not hesitate to speak with me, your experienced defective product attorney in Orlando.
Defective products can pose serious threats to your safety and health and as an Orlando product liability lawyer, I believe you deserve only the best possible representation. I am well versed in all of the laws put in place to protect you against the harm caused by shoddy products and I will ensure that you receive the justice you deserve.
Types Of Defects
There is a wide range of products and types of cases that fall under product liability law including defective vehicles, defective medical devices, unsafe drugs and faulty firearms. Each case is unique and with my 29 years of experience as a Central Florida product liability attorney, I have the expertise to get the results you need.
Manufacturing defects result from an error in assembly. Typically this defect is not prevalent among all of the products – it is just a specific assembly group or lone product. Regardless, it is the manufacturer’s duty to ensure the safety of the consumer and that no harm should ever be caused by their product.
Design defects originate from an inherent flaw in the blueprint of the product. This type of defect is typically found in all of the manufacturer’s products. Many cases involving design defects lead to product recalls.
Product liability suits can also arise from a failure to warn the consumer about potential risks associated with using a particular product. According to The American National Standards Institute (ANSI), labels must inform the consumer of existing hazards, the severity of those hazards, the effects on the consumer, and how the consumer can avoid the hazards.
Who’s Liable?
Liability can fall on any party along the line of production and sale of a product. This includes the supplier of the parts that go into the products, the manufacturer who assembles the product, the wholesaler, and the retailer who sells the product directly to the consumer. In some cases, all of these parties can be liable for compensation relating to lost wages, medical bills, and pain and suffering sustained injuries due to a faulty product.
If you or someone you know has been injured by a defective product, contact my office immediately for a free case evaluation so you can receive the representation and compensation you are entitled to. Don’t rely on just anyone to represent you in these cases as it can mean the difference in recovering the damages rightfully owed to you or having to come out of pocket for all the medical expenses and lost wages that result from these types of injuries.
 





Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Share on LinkedIn
Share







Share on Digg
Share



 Contact Me
Call for a FREE CONSULTATION 24x7: (800) 952-1622
Orlando: (407) 599-2100 |  DeLand: (386) 736-9000 |  Melbourne: (321) 327-2944


 Practice Areas


Auto Accidents
Bed Bugs
Bicycle Accidents
Boating Accidents
Brain Injuries
Burn Cases
Defective Products
Dog Bites
Epcot Injuries
Free Legal Consultation
Homeowner’s Cases
Insurance Claim Disputes
Lynx Bus Accidents

 

Medical Malpractice
Motorcycle Accidents
Neck & Back Injuries
Nursing Home Neglect
Pedestrian Accidents
Pharmacy Negligence
Pool Accidents
Sexual Harassment
Slip & Fall Injuries
Theme Park Accidents
Walt Disney World Injuries
Workers Compensation



David R. Heil P.A.
I am a trial attorney with 30 years of experience in civil trial law. Your case will not be handled by an investigator, paralegal or case manager. I will personally meet with you to discuss your case at one of my offices, the hospital or your home. Legal information is available



Request a FREE CASE REVIEW

First Name:*Last Name:*Email*

Phone #*Case Details*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

Why Choose David R. Heil, PA?

No Fee Unless We Win
30 Years of Experience
Free Consultation

 Recent Blog Entries


4 Most Common Poolside Dangers


5 Warning Signs of Nursing Home Neglect


Succumbing To Bed Bug Injuries


Understanding Product Liability


5 Most Common Summer Injuries



Quick Links
About David R. Heil
Case Results
Contact Our Firm
FAQ
FREE CONSULTATION
My Blog
Office Locations
Practice Areas
Testimonials

      


David R. Heil, PA – Better Business Bureau A+ Rated – Office Locations
Orlando - 2324 Lee Road Winter Park, FL 32789 Phone: (407) 599-2100
DeLand - 101 North Woodland Blvd. Suite 208, DeLand, Florida 32720 Phone: (386) 736-9000
Melbourne - 1900 S Harbor City Blvd, Suite 219, Melbourne, Florida 32901 Phone: (321) 327-2944

Areas Served in Central Florida
Altamonte Springs
Apopka
Brevard
Casselberry
Central Florida
Clermont
Cocoa Beach
Daytona Beach
DeBary
DeLand
Deltona
East Orlando
Florida
Lake Buena Vista
Lake Mary
Longwood
Malabar
Melbourne
Merritt Island
New Smyrna Beach
Orange City
Orlando
Palm Bay
Rockledge
Sanford
Satellite Beach
Space Coast
Titusville
Viera
Winter Park
Winter Springs

Important Note
The hiring of a personal injury lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask me to send you free written information about my qualifications and experience.
This web site is designed for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship.
Similar successful monetary results may not be seen by all clients seeking representation from Heil Law for accident or injury claims as each case is different. These results also reflect amounts awarded prior to deductions for attorney's fees, medical bills, and other court costs.

Copyright © 2017 Personal Injury Attorney David R. Heil P.A. - Personal Injury Attorney in Orlando - Design and Marketing by Orange Rock MediaTerms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap





















﻿



WaltLabHomePage











Home

Research

Publications

Group Members

Links
















The Walt Laboratory at Tufts University is world-renowned for its pioneering work in fiber-optic microarray technology which is used in solving urgent biological problems such as the detection of infectious diseases, diagnostics for cancer biomarkers and in answering fundamental questions on basic biological processes such as enzymology and protein folding.

        Fiber optic bundles are used in our lab to develop bead-based assays for early and non-invasive detection of breast cancer and infectious diseases in clinical and environmental samples. The high density array of femtoliter wells that can be created on the fiber optic bundle enables us to trap and detect biomolecules at the attomolar (aM) to femtomolar (fM) range enabling ultrasensitive measurements. Single molecule analysis technology such as fiber optic arrays and Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence Microscopy (TIRFM) are used to study fundamental processes such as enzyme and nanoparticle catalysis, protein conformational changes, enzyme inhibition and substrate specificity of enzymes at the single molecule level. The lab also focuses on developing microfluidic and optical trapping methods to enable an automated investigation of single molecules and single cells.

        "Our laboratory investigates new ways to measure things," explains Prof. David R. Walt. "We create very small arrays containing thousands of features—ten thousand features can easily fit on the head of a pin. Researchers in the laboratory use these arrays to study fundamental aspects of biochemistry, protein function, gene expression, cell biology, and they also develop practical ways to measure such things as protein and cytokine levels in blood."





Sitemaster















About Us | Quanterix









        Skip to main navigation
      























Search

























Search


















 







Management
Board of Directors
Investors
Partners
Customers
Careers





About Us









   








About Us
We are on a mission to change the way in which healthcare is provided by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. In order to make this vision a reality, we brought together the most experienced management team, renowned scientists, industry leading investors and expert advisors, to form a collaborative ecosystem, united through the common goal of advancing the science of precision health.













Learn About Our Technology
Our digital health solution, Simoa, is changing the way in which the biology of health and disease is studied by giving researchers the ability to closely examine critical biomarkers in a majority of therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease.












A Message from Our CEO
We're incredibly passionate about the work we are doing, and whole heartedly believe that we can transform today’s sick care into tomorrow’s precision healthcare through early detection and disease prevention sciences. The future of healthy living is being realized today by uncovering novel biomarkers with the power to transform medicine, allowing for prevention, early diagnosis, and nextgen treatments. 













Management Team



 
Kevin HrusovskyExecutive Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerKevin joined Quanterix in 2014 and serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman. While at Quanterix, Kevin has led the Company to achieve significant success and growth, recently securing a $46 million capital raise that elevated the Company’s valuation to ten times its revenue. With over 25 years of experience in the life sciences space, he has dedicated his career to transforming healthcare into personalized medicine, and has a proven track record of commercializing disruptive technologies. Kevin currently serves on the Board of Directors of several companies transforming the future of precision health, including Quanterix, BioreclamationIVT, Cellaria, Cell Signaling Technology, 908 Devices, SynapDx and Solect Energy, and is the founder of the Powering Precision Health Summit. He also serves on the Educational Board of the Massachusetts Biotech Council, the Advisory Committee for the Center for Biomedical Engineering at Brown University, the Association for Laboratory Automation, the JALA Editorial Board, and the Strategy Committee of Children’s Hospital Boston. Prior to Quanterix, Kevin was President of PerkinElmer Life Sciences & Technology; CEO of Caliper Life Sciences; and CEO of Zymark Corporation. Earlier, he was President of FMC Pharmaceuticals and International Agricultural Products and held numerous management positions at DuPont. He is the 2013 Entrepreneur of the Year from Ohio State University and holds an Honorary Doctorate degree from Framingham State University for contributions in life sciences and personal medicine. Kevin holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Ohio State University and an M.B.A. from Ohio University.



 
Ernest OrticerioVice President, Operations and Chief Financial OfficerErnest joined Quanterix in early 2012 as Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer to lead the company's accounting, finance, treasury, human resources and procurement functions. He is also responsible for developing the Quanterix Capital profile as the company transitions to commercial operations. Ernest has over 13 years of experience in the life sciences industry. Prior to joining Quanterix, he served in a number of accounting, finance and operations capacities with Millipore Corporation, most recently as Vice President, Finance. In addition to managing a number of critical organizational initiatives during his tenure with Millipore Corporation, Ernest served as Controller for Latin America, and Vice President, Global Customer Service and Global Operations Strategy Development. He started his career with McDonald's Corporation, holding a number of progressive accounting and finance positions supporting Operations, Marketing and Real Estate functions. He holds a B.S./B.A. from Bryant College.



 
David Duffy, Ph.D.Vice President, Research and Chief Technology OfficerDavid joined Quanterix in 2007 and leads the team of scientists developing its single molecule detection technology. David is an inventor on 12 U.S. patents and has more than 20 publications in the fields of surface chemistry, microfluidics, and bioanalysis. He was previously at Surface Logix, where he was the Director of Pharmacomer Technology. There David oversaw the development of a novel chemical technology that resulted in two drug candidates currently in Phase II clinical trials. Prior to that, David was at Gamera Biosciences where he was a co-inventor of a centrifugal microfluidic that was acquired and commercialized by Tecan. He was a postdoctoral research fellow in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Harvard University. David was the first Sir Alan Wilson Research Fellow of Emmanuel College, University of Cambridge, and holds a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge.



 
Mark Roskey, Ph.D.Vice President and General Manager of Applications and ReagentsMark joined Quanterix in mid 2014 as the Vice President and General Manager of Applications and Reagents. He has more than 25 years of experience in the life science industry focusing on product R&D, applications development, strategic sales and marketing, and overall business management for complex biological solutions and automated instrument systems. He comes to Quanterix from PerkinElmer’s LST division where he was VP/GM of the America's Sales and Service organization. Prior to PerkinElmer, Mark held senior level commercial and technical positions at Caliper Life Sciences, which was acquired by PerkinElmer in 2011. Mark holds a Ph.D. in Microbiology from the University of Notre Dame and completed a postdoctoral fellowship in Molecular Immunobiology at the Harvard Medical School.



 
Bruce BalVice President of Operations, Service and Quality Bruce joined Quanterix in 2016 as the Vice President of Operations, Service and Quality. He has over 20 years of operations experience in the life sciences industry. Most recently, Bruce served as Vice President of Operations at PerkinElmer after the acquisition of Caliper Life Sciences where he held the role of Senior Vice President of Operations.  Bruce joined Caliper Life Sciences following the acquisition of Zymark, where he served as Vice President of R&D and Operations. He previously worked at FMC Corporation, as Director of Operations in the Biotechnology Division. He has also held a wide range of management positions in his 13 years at DuPont and was general manager of United States Pollution Control, Inc. Bruce holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin and an M.B.A. from Loyola University, Louisiana.



 
Elisabeth ColunioVice President, Human ResourcesElisabeth joined Quanterix in 2016 to lead the Company’s human resources department. She brings over 15 years of experience in human resources, with a focus on benefits, employee relations, payroll, talent acquisition and management. Elisabeth joins Quanterix from Alkermes, where she served as HR Business Partner, responsible for the Commerical Organization. Prior to Alkermes, Elisabeth was the HR Director for Caliper Life Sciences  focusing on the Global Commercial Team. Elisabeth holds a BA from Simmons College.


 
Brian Keane, JDBrian Keane brings over 20 years of experience advising the management and boards of life sciences companies to his role as General Counsel of Quanterix.  Prior to joining Quanterix, he was a Corporate & Securities Partner in the Life Sciences Practice at Mintz Levin. While at Mintz Levin, Mr. Keane served as outside counsel to dozens of life science companies, advising such clients on corporate governance, risk mitigation, SEC disclosure and compliance, financing transactions, M&A and strategic transactions, product development and commercialization and other matters.  Mr. Keane holds a BS in electrical engineering from Tufts University and received his law degree from Boston College Law School. 


 
Joe DriscollChief Financial OfficerMr. Joseph S. Driscoll, also known as Joe, has been the Chief Financial Officer of Verisk Health, Inc. since December 5, 2016. Mr. Driscoll is responsible for the overall financial management with a focus on managing growth and maximizing profitability through operational improvements. Prior to Verscend, he served as the Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer of PC Connection, Inc. from March 5, 2012 to October 13, 2016 and served as its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer. Mr. Driscoll served as the Chief Financial Officer of Summer Infant, Inc from March 2006 to January 23, 2012 and served as its Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer. He served as the Secretary of Summer Infant, Inc until January 23, 2012. From May 2001 to September 2006, Mr. Driscoll served as a Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of ACT Electronics, Inc. From May 2000 to May 2001, Mr. Driscoll served as a Vice President of Finance at PCI, Inc. Mr. Driscoll served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Summer Predecessor since September 2006. From April 1997 to May 2000, he served as a Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Safety 1st, Inc. He joined Safety 1st Inc. in April 1997 as Controller and served as the Chief Financial Officer since September 1998. From September 1993 to April 1997, Mr. Driscoll served as an Assistant Corporate Controller and Director of Financial Reporting at Staples, Inc. From July 1986 to February 1992, Mr. Driscoll served as an Audit Manager of KPMG Peat Marwick. From February 1992 to September 1993, Mr. Driscoll served as Corporate Controller of E-II Holdings, Inc. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Driscoll holds a B.S. in Accounting from Boston College.


 
Dan Sikkema, PH.D.Vice President of Accelerator ServicesDan joined Quanterix in July 2017 and brings 25 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical, vaccine and cell/gene therapy fields supporting oncology, neurosciences, respiratory, immunology and infectious disease. He has worked at Frontage Lab, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Wyeth, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur and GlaxoSmithKline. In his career, he has contributed to the licensure of Prev(e)nar, Meningitec, Gardasil, Rotavax, ProQuad, Zostavax, and Dengue vaccines, as well as Ofatumumab, Raxibacumab, Benlysta, Albiglutide, Mepolizumab, Denosumab, Abatacept, and other biopharmaceuticals, as well as Strimvelis (the world’s first ex vivo cell/gene therapy product), which have collectively garnered more than $100 billion in sales since 1999. He has also worked with the World Health Organization, National Institute for Biological Standards and Controls (NIBSC), US Centers for Disease Control, FDA and EMA in roles as an invited expert and as an adviser. He has authored 30 peer-reviewed publications and has delivered more than 70 public presentations globally at scientific symposia.



CLICK ON AN EXECUTIVE
TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THEIR BACKGROUND AND ROLE AT QUANTERIX







Board of Directors



 
Kevin HrusovskyExecutive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, QuanterixWith over 25 years of experience in the life sciences industry, Kevin has dedicated his career to transforming the practices of medicine and health. As the founder of the Powering Precision Health Summit, Kevin spearheaded the creation of an executive think tank of researchers, scientists, physicians and innovators to highlight the latest research on new biomarkers that are transforming healthcare into personalized medicine. With a proven track record for commercializing disruptive technologies, Kevin joined Quanterix in 2014 and currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman. Kevin also serves on the Board of Directors of several companies shaping the future of precision health, including Quanterix, BioreclamationIVT, Cell Signaling Technology, 908 Devices, SynapDx and Solect Energy. He also serves on the Educational Board of the Massachusetts Biotech Council, the Advisory Committee for the Center for Biomedical Engineering at Brown University, the Association for Laboratory Automation, the JALA Editorial Board, and the Strategy Committee of Children’s Hospital Boston. Prior to Quanterix, Kevin served as CEO of Caliper Life Sciences, turning the company into one of the fastest growing biotech businesses in the region, leading to a $600-million acquisition by PerkinElmer Life Sciences & Technology. Following the acquisition, Kevin served as President of PerkinElmer. Earlier, he was CEO of Zymark Corporation, President of FMC Pharmaceuticals and International Agricultural Products and held numerous management positions at DuPont. He formerly served on the boards of SeraCare, Caliper Life Sciences, Xenogen – XGEN and Alliant Medical Technology. He is the 2013 Entrepreneur of the Year from Ohio State University and holds an Honorary Doctorate degree from Framingham State University for contributions in life sciences and personal medicine. Kevin holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Ohio State University and an M.B.A. from Ohio University.



 
Martin Madaus, Ph. D. Ph.Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ortho Clinical DiagnosticsMartin brings more than 20 years of experience in the diagnostics and life science industries. He most recently served as President, Chairman and CEO of Millipore Corporation, recently acquired by Merck KGaA. Before joining Millipore, Dr. Madaus was President, CEO and head of North American Operations for Roche Diagnostics Corporation. Prior to this he served as Vice President of Business Development for Roche Molecular Diagnostics and General Manager of Boehringer Mannheim Canada. He also held a number of senior-level sales, marketing and product management positions with Boehringer Mannheim Corporation in both Germany and the US. Martin is a director of the Massachusetts High Technology Council and serves on the Life Sciences Collaborative Leadership Council of the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative. He holds a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine from the University of Munich, Germany and a Ph.D. in Veterinary Medicine from the Veterinary School of Hanover, Germany.


 
Douglas Cole, M.D.Managing Partner, Flagship PioneeringDouglas is a General Partner at Flagship Pioneering where he focuses on Life Science investments. Prior to Flagship, he served as Program Executive at Vertex Pharmaceuticals and as Medical Director at Cytotherapeutics. While at Flagship, he has led investments in CombinatoRx, Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Concert Pharmaceuticals, Receptos, and Agios Pharmaceuticals. He is a co-founder of Flagship portfolio company Ensemble Therapeutics, Permeon Biologics, and ModeRNA Therapeutics. In addition to Quanterix, he currently serves on the Board of Directors of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Concert Pharmaceuticals, Agios, Selecta Biosciences, Avedro, Seventh Sense Biosystems, and Resolvyx Pharmaceuticals, and is an Observer on the Board of Directors of Alvine Pharmaceuticals. Douglas obtained post-graduate training in medicine at the Johns Hopkins Hospital and in neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital. He holds an M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and received an A.B. magna cum laude with High Distinction in English from Dartmouth College.



 
Keith L. CrandellCo-Founder & Managing Director, ARCH Venture PartnersKeith Crandell is a co-founder and a Managing Director of ARCH Venture Partners. He focuses on chemical and specialty materials companies, electronics and instrumentation, optics and photonics, communications, and enterprise infrastructure businesses. He previously served as Senior Manager at ARCH Development Corporation, where he was responsible for ARCH Venture Fund I activities at Argonne National Laboratory. Keith has played a key role in the formation and initial funding round of Quanterix, Alfalight, PixelEXX Systems, ALIS Corp., Eichrom Industries, Nanophase Technologies, and Illinois Superconductor. He serves on the board of Quanterix, Nanosys, Alfalight, Adesto Technologies, Boreal Genomics, PixelEXX Systems, Univa, and Ciespace, and also as a director of the Illinois Venture Capital Association. Keith holds an M.B.A. from The University of Chicago, an M.S. in Chemistry from the University of Texas at Arlington, and a B.S. in Chemistry and Mathematics from St. Lawrence University.


 
John M. ConnollySenior Advisor, Bain Capital VenturesJohn joined Bain Capital Ventures in 2009 and currently serves as a Senior Advisor to the Bain Capital Ventures team, following several years as a Managing Director. John focuses on partnering with portfolio company CEOs and management teams to address strategic and operational issues associated with growth. John has a 30+ year proven track record of innovation, vision, and execution in creating successful businesses. As a multi-time CEO, John raised over $100 million and created over $1 billion in shareholder value in partnership with 12 financial sponsors. At Bain Capital Ventures, John has worked with over 25 portfolio companies to address strategic and operating issues, as well as to develop strategies and tactics to accelerate value. He has been a Chairman, Non-Executive Chairman, or Director on 15 boards. John holds a B.A. in Liberal Arts from St. Norbert College.


 
David Walt, Ph.D.Founder, Director Tufts Institute for Innovation, Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor at Tufts UniversityDavid is Robinson Professor of Chemistry at Tufts University and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor. He is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering, and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering. He serves on the Editorial Advisory Board of several journals including Analytical Chemistry, and Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry. David is the Scientific Founder and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board at Quanterix, and a Director of Illumina. He has received numerous national and international awards recognizing his work including a National Science Foundation Special Creativity Award, The Biosensors and Bioelectronics Award, and the Samuel R. Scholes Award in Glass Science. He has published over 200 papers and holds over 45 patents. David holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Biology from SUNY, Stony Brook and a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Michigan.


 
Paul MeisterCo-founder, Liberty Lane Partners, LLCPaul is co-founder of Liberty Lane Partners, LLC, a private investment company with diverse investments in healthcare and distribution-related industries. He is also Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of inVentiv Health. Paul previously served as Chairman of the Board of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Vice Chairman of Fisher Scientific International, Inc. prior to Fisher’s merger with Thermo. During his tenure as an executive officer of Fisher Scientific, the company’s revenue and operating income grew at a compound annual growth rate of 15% and 23% respectively, as operations grew from two countries to 27, and sales expanded into 140 countries worldwide. He is a director of LKQ Corporation, Scientific Games Corporation, co-chair of the University of Michigan’s Life Sciences Institute External Advisory Board and serves on the Executive Advisory Board of the Chemistry of Life Processes Institute at Northwestern University. Paul holds an M.B.A. from Northwestern University.


 
Dennis SandstedtSr. Vice President, Corporate Business Development, bioMérieuxDennis is the Vice President of the Business Development at bioMérieux, a world player in the field of in vitro diagnostics providing solutions for both clinical and industrial applications and holding leadership positions in microbiology. Dennis has worked at bioMérieux since 1989 with broad experience in Immunoassay, Microbiology, and Molecular diagnostics. Prior to his Business Development responsibility, Dennis has successively held positions in R&D Management, Marketing and Strategic Development, and Portfolio Management where he was involved in development and launch of the VIDAS® Immunoassay system and management of the VITEK® Microbiology franchise. Dennis holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Kansas University and an M.B.A. from Washington University in St. Louis.


 
Marijn DekkersChairman, UnileverBefore becoming Chairman of Unilever, Marijn was Chief Executive Officer of Bayer AG in Germany (2010-2016) and Chief Executive Officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in the USA (2002-2009).  Having received a degree in chemistry from Radboud University in Nijmegen, the Netherlands, and a PhD in chemical engineering from the University of Eindhoven, Marijn began his career in 1985 as a research scientist at General Electric in the US, gaining experience in various units of the company before joining AlliedSignal (subsequently Honeywell International) in 1995. In 2000, Marijn became Chief Operating Officer at Boston-based Thermo Electron Corporation, a world leader in the manufacture of laboratory instruments (later renamed Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.). In 2002 he became this company’s President and CEO. In 2010 Marijn joined Bayer AG in Leverkusen, Germany, as CEO until his retirement in 2016. Bayer is a Life Sciences company active in the areas of human, animal and plant health. Marijn also serves on the Board of Directors of General Electric. He holds both US and Dutch citizenships.



CLICK ON A BOARD OF DIRECTOR
TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THEIR BACKGROUND







Investors



 
ARCH Venture PartnersARCH Venture PartnersARCH Venture Partners, one of the largest early stage technology venture firms in the U.S., invests in the development of seed and early stage advanced technology companies. ARCH enjoys special recognition as a leader in the commercialization of technologies developed at academic institutions, corporate research groups and national laboratories. ARCH invests primarily in companies it cofounds with leading scientists and entrepreneurs, concentrating on bringing to market innovations in information technology, life sciences, and physical sciences. ARCH has approximately $1.5 billion under management through seven venture funds and has funded more than 150 new ventures over its 25-year history.


 
Bain Capital VenturesBain Capital Ventures (BCV) partners with disruptive B2B startup founders to accelerate bringing their ideas to market. The firm’s investments range from seed to growth stage in enterprise software, infrastructure software and in industries being transformed by data. BCV has helped launch and commercialize more than 200 companies since 1984, including select prior investments in DocuSign, Kiva Systems, LinkedIn, Rapid7, SurveyMonkey and TellApart. BCV has approximately $3 billion in assets under management and offices in the Bay Area, New York City and Boston.


 
bioMérieuxA world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics for more than 50 years, bioMérieux is present in more than 150 countries through 42 subsidiaries and a large network of distributors. In 2014, revenues reached €1.698 billion with 88% of sales outside of France. bioMérieux provides diagnostic solutions (reagents, instruments, software) which determine the source of disease and contamination to improve patient health and ensure consumer safety. Its products are used for diagnosing infectious diseases and providing high medical value results for cancer screening and monitoring and cardiovascular emergencies.


 
Cormorant Asset ManagementCormorant Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment advisory firm located in Boston, Massachusetts. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in the public equity markets. The firm employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. The firm typically invests in companies in healthcare and life sciences sectors. Cormorant Asset Management, LLC was founded in 2013 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


 
Flagship PioneeringRealizing entrepreneurial innovation is the mission of Flagship Pioneering. The firm operates through two synergistic units: VentureLabs™ which invents and launches transformative companies, and Venture Capital, which finances and develops innovative, early-stage companies. Founded in 2000, and based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Flagship Pioneering manages over $900 million in capital. The Flagship team is active in three principal business sectors: therapeutics, health technologies and sustainability/clean technology.


 
Trinitas CapitalTrinitas is a credit-focused investment management firm with an emphasis on investing in senior secured bank loans. Trinitas' initial strategy for growth is focused on collateralized loan obligation (CLO) issuance and separate accounts. The Trinitas team of talented professionals has deep experience in investing in and managing bank loans, loan acquisition, loan origination, credit analysis, portfolio management, trading, collateralized loan obligation (CLO) investing, and CLO deal structuring and compliance.


 
Tufts UniversityTufts University, located on campuses in Boston, Medford/Somerville and Grafton, Massachusetts, and in Talloires, France, is recognized among the premier research universities in the United States. Tufts enjoys a global reputation for academic excellence and for the preparation of students as leaders in a wide range of professions. A growing number of innovative teaching and research initiatives span all Tufts campuses, and collaboration among the faculty and students in the undergraduate, graduate and professional programs across the university's schools is widely encouraged.


 
Dr. David WaltDr. Walt is the Scientific Founder and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board at Quanterix, and a Director of Illumina. He is a Robinson Professor of Chemistry at Tufts University and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor. Dr. Walt is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering, a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and a fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering. Dr. Walt serves on the Editorial Advisory Board of several journals including Analytical Chemistry, Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry, Sensor Letters, and the Indian Journal of Biotechnology.


 
Hercules Capital, Inc. Hercules Capital, Inc. is the leading and largest specialty finance company focused on providing senior secured venture growth loans to high-growth, innovative venture capital-backed companies in a broad variety of technology, life sciences and sustainable and renewable technology industries. Since inception (December 2003), Hercules has committed more than $6.1 billion to over 350 companies and is the lender of choice for entrepreneurs and venture capital firms seeking growth capital financing. Hercules' common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "HTGC."



CLICK ON AN INVESTOR
TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THEIR COMPANY







Partners



 
NFLThroughout its history, the NFL has made the health and safety of its players a priority. At the youth level, the NFL's partnership with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the league's support for USA Football, including the Heads Up Football initiative, helps parents, coaches, clinicians and athletes understand the signs and symptoms of head injuries. The league has successfully advocated for the passage of youth concussion laws in all 50 states. Through funding for medical studies, including a $30 million grant to the National Institutes of Health for medical research; collaboration with the military on research and recognizing and reporting potential head injuries; and the work of the NFL's medical committees, the NFL is committed to supporting and advancing science that will have an impact beyond football.


 
General ElectricGE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and helping to cure the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works.


 
Banyan BiomarkersBanyan Biomarkers, Inc. is focused on developing a blood test that could be used by physicians and healthcare providers to rapidly and objectively detect the presence of mild and moderate TBI and improve the medical management of head injured patients. The Company’s test uses two brain specific protein biomarkers (Banyan UCH-L1™ and Banyan GFAP™) that rapidly appear in the blood after a brain injury. The development of this blood based TBI test is being supported by significant funding from the United States Department of Defense.


 
ImmunArrayCo-located in Rehovot, Israel and Richmond, Va., ImmunArray is a privately funded molecular diagnostics company dedicated to the development of novel blood-based tests that support the diagnosis and management of complex acute and chronic immune and neurodegenerative diseases. The company designs and analyzes sets of biomarkers known to be linked to a particular condition and develops tests on platforms that are most appropriate to facilitate the adoption of additional tests. The company, which has introduced its first commercial tests, is currently conducting research in collaboration with leading clinicians and medical centers in the U.S. and Israel. The company was a grant recipient of the GE-NFL Head Health Challenge as well as secured additional corporate research funding to conduct research into the use of biomarkers to identify traumatic brain injury.


 
OriGene Technologies, Inc.OriGene Technologies, Inc. is a gene centric life sciences company dedicated to support academic, diagnostic, pharmaceutical and biotech companies in their research of gene functions and drug discovery. OriGene's novel product line includes the world's largest cDNA and shRNA clone collections, over 12,000 purified human proteins produced from mammalian (HEK293) cells, over 50,000 high quality primary antibodies including TrueMAB™ mouse monoclonal antibodies and polyclonal antibodies made against full-length proteins for the conservation of native epitopes, validated “mono-specific” monoclonal antibodies called UltraMAB® which offer a unique solution to the critical issue of antibody specificity, >140,000 highly validated human tissues, and protein microarray products and services.


 
QuintilesIMSQuintilesIMS (NYSE: Q), a Fortune 500 company, is the world’s largest provider of biopharmaceutical development and commercial outsourcing services. With a network of more than 32,000 employees conducting business in approximately 100 countries, we helped develop or commercialize all of 2013’s top-100 best-selling drugs on the market. Quintiles applies the breadth and depth of our service offerings along with extensive therapeutic, scientific and analytics expertise to help our customers navigate an increasingly complex healthcare environment as they seek to improve efficiency and effectiveness in the delivery of better healthcare outcomes.


 
Frontage LabsFrontage Labs is a contract research organization who helps pharmaceutical and biotech companies bring promising drug candidates to market. We specialize in early phase drug development, providing bioanalytical labs, discovery stage and preclinical drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics, Phase I/IIa clinical studies and product development support. Frontage has enabled biopharmaceutical and generic companies of all sizes to advance hundreds of molecules through clinical development and commercial launch in global markets.


 
Myriad RBM, Inc.Myriad RBM is the world’s leading multiplexed immunoassay testing laboratory, providing comprehensive protein biomarker services based on its Multi-Analyte Profiling (MAP) technology platform. This platform provides pre-clinical and clinical researchers with reproducible and quantitative data for a few or hundreds of proteins in a cost-effective manner. All services are performed in our CLIA certified laboratory. As a guide to drug development researchers, Myriad RBM also offers companion diagnostic, custom assay development, co-sponsored research programs, and innovative cell culture products and services. Myriad RBM is a wholly owned subsidiary of Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN), a leading molecular diagnostic company based in Salt Lake City, Utah which develops and markets novel predictive medicine, personalized medicine and prognostic medicine tests.


 
PBL Assay SciencePBL Assay Science works hand in hand with industry, academic, and government researchers to help solve difficult assay development and protein quantification problems. PBL Assay Science is a major provider of products, services, information, and know-how related to interferons, cytokines, antibodies, ELISAs, and assay solutions. The company employs state-of-the-art technology in conducting assay services and manufacturing world-class products for scientists around the globe. Known as a trusted source for high quality, high sensitivity ELISAs as well as interferon proteins and antibodies, PBL has expanded its assay services capabilities, including ultrasensitive cytokine detection services, and increased human cell-expressed cytokine and growth factor offerings.


 
RayBiotech, Inc. RayBiotech is a leading Life Sciences company which provides proteins, antibodies and immunological kits as well as services used in scientific research, including proteomics, biotechnology and pharmaceutical development. RayBiotech has nearly 50 employees whose objectives are to provide excellent products and service worldwide to RayBiotech customers which include scientists in industry, academic and research institutes in 41 countries. RayBiotech is committed to accelerating customer success through innovation and leadership in the Life Sciences.


 
AssayGate, Inc.AssayGate, Inc. is dedicated to providing the most cost-effective testing services and immunoassay products with the widest selection of protein biomarkers and sample matrices. We value the opportunity to assist our customers in life science, biomedical and pharmaceutical research communities in accelerating the pace of their scientific discoveries and project progress. In addition to conventional bead-based multiplex assay services and ELISA kits for broad initial analyses of protein biomarker profiling, we offer ultra-sensitive immunoassay services and products established upon Simoa™ technology platform to detect low abundance targets difficult or impossible to measure with conventional methodologies.


 
KCAS Bioanalytical & Biomarker ServicesKCAS Bioanalytical & Biomarker Services is a contract laboratory with 36+ years of bioanalytical expertise. Centrally located in Kansas City, KCAS provides small- and large-molecule PK, immunogenicity, and biomarker analysis operating a variety of equipment platforms to service a wide range of therapeutic areas. KCAS’ team leverages a highly scientific staff with an average tenure of 14 years at the company to provide clients of all sizes with expertise in robust assay development, validation, and sample analysis under non-GLP, GLP, and GCP conditions for discovery, preclinical and clinical studies. Our teams have developed and validated more than 5,500 bioanalytical assays and have undergone 15 FDA inspections. Recently KCAS registered for Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) certification.


 
Platine Pharma ServicesBased in France, Platine Pharma Services is an essential source of immune information for scientists and clinicians. From protocol support to regulatory reports, the company designs, performs and interprets complex molecular and cellular assays. Platine actively supports the development of in-vitro diagnostic, cosmetic and therapeutic product candidates, highlighting key markers and features in both normal and pathological conditions, and guiding decisions at each development stage. Using state-of-the-art technologies such as multi-parametric flow cytometric and ELISA technologies, Platine Pharma Services offers a fit-for-purpose approach to its customers and partners.


 
Chimera BiotecChimera Biotec is a bioanalytical Contract Research Organization (CRO) and immunoassay platform provider specialized in ultra sensitive large-molecule bioanalysis.
As service provider for extremely sensitive immunoassays we constantly evaluate emerging technology platforms to extend our expertise and platform portfolio to deliver immunoassay performance exceeding your highest expectations.
A Ph.D. level project manager will be your key contact person to ensure our team of dedicated scientists is working to fulfill your study requirements with the highest quality and swift turn around.
 



CLICK ON A PARTNER
TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THEIR COMPANY







Customers

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






Click Here to Get Our Latest News





Request to Learn More






















 



Cerulean Appoints David R. Walt, Ph.D. to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Cerulean Appoints David R. Walt, Ph.D. to Board of Directors






September 24, 2015 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cerulean 
      Pharma Inc. (Nasdaq:CERU), a clinical stage company developing 
      nanoparticle-drug conjugates (NDCs), today announced the appointment of 
      David R. Walt, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors, effective as of 
      September 23, 2015.
    


      “We are pleased to welcome David to the Cerulean Board,” said 
      Christopher D. T. Guiffre, President & Chief Executive Officer of 
      Cerulean. “David is a remarkable scientist and a proven company-builder. 
      He will be invaluable to Cerulean as we continue to expand our pipeline 
      of platform-generated NDCs.”
    

      “Cerulean’s platform is compelling because its NDCs are designed to 
      target tumors and spare healthy tissue,” stated Dr. Walt. “NDCs 
      preferentially concentrate chemotherapy in tumors and slowly release it 
      from inside tumor cells. I am excited to be part of a company with such 
      an innovative approach to treating cancer, and I look forward to working 
      with the company as it creates and develops additional NDCs.”
    

      Dr. Walt is an accomplished entrepreneur and researcher. Dr. Walt is the 
      Founding Scientist of Illumina, Inc. and Quanterix Corporation; he is a 
      Director and Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Boards of both 
      companies. He also is a Founder and Director of Ultivue, Inc. He 
      currently serves as University Professor, Robinson Professor of 
      Chemistry, Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Professor of Genetics, 
      and Professor of Oral Medicine at Tufts University, and he is a Howard 
      Hughes Medical Institute Professor. He also is Director of the Tufts 
      Institute for Innovation. He has received numerous national and 
      international awards and honors for his fundamental and applied work in 
      the field of optical sensors, microwell arrays, and single molecule 
      detection. Dr. Walt is a Co-Chair of the Board on Chemical Sciences and 
      Technology of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. He is a member of 
      the U.S. National Academy of Engineering, American Academy of Arts and 
      Sciences, a fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological 
      Engineering, a fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, and a fellow 
      of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Dr. Walt 
      received a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Michigan and a Ph.D. 
      in Chemical Biology from Stony Brook University.
    

About CRLX101


      CRLX101 is a nanoparticle-drug conjugate (NDC) designed to concentrate 
      in tumors and slowly release its anti-cancer payload, camptothecin, 
      inside tumor cells. CRLX101 inhibits topoisomerase 1 (topo 1), which is 
      involved in cellular replication, and also inhibits hypoxia-inducible 
      factor-1α (HIF-1α), which research suggests is a master regulator of 
      cancer cell survival mechanisms. CRLX101 has shown activity in four 
      different tumor types, both as monotherapy and in combination with other 
      cancer treatments. CRLX101 is in Phase 2 clinical development and has 
      been dosed in more than 300 patients. The U.S. FDA has granted CRLX101 
      Orphan Drug designation for the treatment of ovarian cancer and Fast 
      Track designation in combination with Avastin® in metastatic 
      renal cell carcinoma.
    

About CRLX301


      CRLX301 is a dynamically tumor-targeted NDC designed to concentrate in 
      tumors and slowly release its anti-cancer payload, docetaxel, inside 
      tumor cells. In preclinical studies, CRLX301 delivers up to 10 times 
      more docetaxel into tumors, compared to an equivalent milligram dose of 
      commercially available docetaxel and was similar to or better than 
      docetaxel in seven of seven animal models, with a statistically 
      significant survival benefit seen in five of those seven models. In 
      addition, preclinical data show that CRLX301 had lower toxicity than has 
      been reported with docetaxel in similar preclinical studies. CRLX301 is 
      currently in Phase 1/2a clinical development.
    

About Cerulean Pharma


      The Cerulean team is committed to improving treatment for people living 
      with cancer. We apply our Dynamic Tumor Targeting Platform to create a 
      portfolio of NDCs designed to selectively attack tumor cells, reduce 
      toxicity by sparing the body’s normal cells, and enable therapeutic 
      combinations. Our first platform-generated candidate, CRLX101, is in 
      multiple clinical trials in combination with other cancer treatments, 
      all of which aim to unlock the power of combination therapy. Our second 
      platform-generated candidate, CRLX301, is in a Phase 1/2a clinical 
      trial. For more information, please visit www.ceruleanrx.com.
    

About Cerulean’s Dynamic Tumor Targeting™ Platform


      Cerulean’s Dynamic Tumor Targeting Platform creates NDCs that are 
      designed to provide safer and more effective cancer treatments. We 
      believe our NDCs concentrate their anti-cancer payloads inside tumors 
      while sparing normal tissue because they are small enough to pass 
      through the “leaky” vasculature present in tumors but are too large to 
      pass through the wall of healthy blood vessels. Once inside tumors, our 
      NDCs enter tumor cells where they slowly release anti-cancer payloads 
      from within the tumor cells.
    

Cautionary Note on Forward Looking Statements


      Any statements in this press release about our future expectations, 
      plans and prospects, including statements about the clinical development 
      of our product candidates, statements about our estimated research and 
      development expenses and sufficiency of cash to fund specified use of 
      cash and other statements containing the words “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “hypothesize,” “intend,” 
      “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” 
      “would,” and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements 
      within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
      1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such 
      forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, 
      including: the uncertainties inherent in the initiation of clinical 
      trials, availability and timing of data from ongoing and future clinical 
      trials and the results of such trials, whether preliminary results from 
      a clinical trial will be predictive of the final results of that trial 
      or whether results of early clinical trials will be indicative of the 
      results of later clinical trials, expectations for regulatory approvals, 
      availability of funding sufficient for our foreseeable and unforeseeable 
      operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements and other 
      factors discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of our Quarterly Report 
      on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 
      6, 2015, and in other filings that we make with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements 
      included in this press release represent our views only as of the date 
      of this release and should not be relied upon as representing our views 
      as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to 
      update any forward-looking statements included in this press release.
    

      Avastin is a registered trademark of Genentech, Inc.
    


Contacts

      Cerulean Pharma Inc.Nicole P. Jones, 617-551-9606Director, 
      Investor Relations and Corporate Communicationsnjones@ceruleanrx.com


















Contacts

      Cerulean Pharma Inc.Nicole P. Jones, 617-551-9606Director, 
      Investor Relations and Corporate Communicationsnjones@ceruleanrx.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Protein Counting in Single Cancer Cells - Analytical Chemistry (ACS Publications)




























ADVERTISEMENT


























                    Log In
                


Register















                Cart 
        













ACS
ACS Publications
C&EN
CAS
















ACS Journals 



ACS eBooks 


C&EN Global Enterprise





A

Accounts of Chemical Research


ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces


ACS Biomaterials Science & Engineering


ACS Catalysis


ACS Central Science


ACS Chemical Biology


ACS Chemical Neuroscience


ACS Combinatorial Science


- Journal of Combinatorial Chemistry



ACS Earth and Space Chemistry - New in 2017

ACS Energy Letters


ACS Infectious Diseases


ACS Macro Letters


ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters


ACS Nano


ACS Omega


ACS Photonics


ACS Sensors


ACS Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering


ACS Synthetic Biology


Analytical Chemistry


- I&EC Analytical Edition



B

Biochemistry


Bioconjugate Chemistry


Biomacromolecules


Biotechnology Progress

C

Chemical Research in Toxicology


Chemical Reviews


Chemistry of Materials


Crystal Growth & Design



E

Energy & Fuels


Environmental Science & Technology


Environmental Science & Technology Letters

I

Industrial & Engineering Chemistry


- Journal of Industrial & Engineering Chemistry




Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research


- I&EC Process Design and Development


- I&EC Fundamentals


- Product Research & Development


- Product R&D


- I&EC Product Research and Development




Inorganic Chemistry

J

Journal of the American Chemical Society


Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry


Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data


- I&EC Chemical & Engineering Data Series




Journal of Chemical Education


Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling


- Journal of Chemical Documentation


- Journal of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences




Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation


Journal of Medicinal Chemistry


Journal of Natural Products


The Journal of Organic Chemistry



J (continued)

The Journal of Physical Chemistry A


The Journal of Physical Chemistry B


The Journal of Physical Chemistry C


- The Journal of Physical Chemistry


- The Journal of Physical and Colloid Chemistry




The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters


Journal of Proteome Research

L

Langmuir

M

Macromolecules


Molecular Pharmaceutics

N

Nano Letters

O

Organic Letters


Organic Process Research & Development


Organometallics






About ACS eBooks


ACS Reagent Chemicals


ACS Style Guide


Advances in Chemistry


ACS Symposium Series

























Advanced Search







Search


Citation


Subject




















Search in:

Anywhere

                Title
            

                Author
            

                Abstract
            







Anal. Chem.



All Publications/Website
















Select a Journal or Book
Acc. Chem. Res.
ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces
ACS Biomater. Sci. Eng.
ACS Catal.
ACS Cent. Sci.
ACS Chem. Biol.
ACS Chem. Neurosci.
ACS Comb. Sci.
ACS Earth Space Chem.
ACS Energy Lett.
ACS Infect. Dis.
ACS Macro Lett.
ACS Med. Chem. Lett.
ACS Nano
ACS Omega
ACS Photonics
ACS Reagent Chemicals
ACS Sens.
ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng.
ACS Symposium Series
ACS Synth. Biol.
Advances in Chemistry
Anal. Chem.
Biochemistry
Bioconjugate Chem.
Biomacromolecules
Biotechnol. Prog.
C&EN Global Enterp
Chem. Res. Toxicol.
Chem. Rev.
Chem. Mater.
Crystal Growth & Design
Energy Fuels
Environ. Sci. Technol.
Environ. Sci. Technol. Lett.
Ind. Eng. Chem.
Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.
Ind. Eng. Chem., News Ed.
Inorg. Chem.
J. Am. Chem. Soc.
J. Agric. Food Chem.
J. Chem. Eng. Data
J. Chem. Educ.
J. Chem. Inf. Model.
J. Chem. Theory Comput.
J. Comb. Chem.
J. Med. Chem.
J. Nat. Prod.
J. Org. Chem.
J. Phys. Chem.
J. Phys. Chem. A
J. Phys. Chem. B
J. Phys. Chem. C
J. Phys. Chem. Lett.
J. Proteome Res.
Langmuir
Macromolecules
Mol. Pharmaceutics
Nano Lett.
News Ed., Am. Chem. Soc
Org. Lett.
Org. Process Res. Dev.
Organometallics



















x
Select a CAS section from the 5 main topical divisions below:


 
Applied




Air Pollution and Industrial Hygiene


Apparatus and Plant Equipment


Cement, Concrete, and Related Building Materials


Ceramics


Electrochemical, Radiational, and Thermal Energy Technology


Essential Oils and Cosmetics


Extractive Metallurgy


Ferrous Metals and Alloys


Fossil Fuels, Derivatives, and Related Products


Industrial Inorganic Chemicals


Mineralogical and Geological Chemistry


Nonferrous Metals and Alloys


Pharmaceutical Analysis


Pharmaceuticals


Propellants and Explosives


Unit Operations and Processes


Waste Treatment and Disposal


Water





 
Biochemistry




Agrochemical Bioregulators


Animal Nutrition


Biochemical Genetics


Biochemical Methods


Enzymes


Fermentation and Bioindustrial Chemistry


Fertilizers, Soils, and Plant Nutrition


Food and Feed Chemistry


General Biochemistry


History, Education, and Documentation


Immunochemistry


Mammalian Biochemistry


Mammalian Hormones


Mammalian Pathological Biochemistry


Microbial, Algal, and Fungal Biochemistry


Nonmammalian Biochemistry


Pharmacology


Plant Biochemistry


Radiation Biochemistry


Toxicology





 
Macromolecular




Cellulose, Lignin, Paper, and Other Wood Products


Chemistry of Synthetic High Polymers


Coatings, Inks, and Related Products


Dyes, Organic Pigments, Fluorescent Brighteners, and Photographic Sensitizers


Industrial Carbohydrates


Industrial Organic Chemicals, Leather, Fats, and Waxes


Physical Properties of Synthetic High Polymers


Plastics Fabrication and Uses


Plastics Manufacture and Processing


Surface Active Agents and Detergents


Synthetic Elastomers and Natural Rubber


Textiles and Fibers





 
Organic




Alicyclic Compounds


Aliphatic Compounds


Alkaloids


Amino Acids, Peptides, and Proteins


Benzene, Its Derivatives, and Condensed Benzenoid Compounds


Biomolecules and Their Synthetic Analogs


Carbohydrates


General Organic Chemistry


Heterocyclic Compounds (More than One Hetero Atom)


Heterocyclic Compounds (One Hetero Atom)


Organometallic and Organometalloidal Compounds


Physical Organic Chemistry


Steroids


Terpenes and Terpenoids





 
Physical, Inorganic, and Analytical




Catalysis, Reaction Kinetics, and Inorganic Reaction Mechanisms


Crystallography and Liquid Crystals


Electric Phenomena


Electrochemistry


General Physical Chemistry


Inorganic Analytical Chemistry


Inorganic Chemicals and Reactions


Magnetic Phenomena


Nuclear Phenomena


Nuclear Technology


Optical, Electron, and Mass Spectroscopy and Other Related Properties


Organic Analytical Chemistry


Phase Equilibriums, Chemical Equilibriums, and Solutions


Radiation Chemistry, Photochemistry, and Photographic and Other Reprographic Processes


Surface Chemistry and Colloids


Thermodynamics, Thermochemistry, and Thermal Properties


































Home



Browse the Journal

List of Issues
Just Accepted Manuscripts
Most Read Articles
Author Index
Cover Art Gallery



Articles ASAP


Current Issue


Multimedia


Podcasts




Submission & Review

Information for Authors and Reviewers
Author Guidelines [PDF]
Submit a Manuscript or Review
Ethical Guidelines
Copyright & Permissions/RightsLink
ACS Author & Reviewer Resource Center



Open Access

Analytical Chemistry OA Policy
ACS Open Access Programs



About the Journal

About the Journal
Editor Profile
Editorial Board
Masthead [PDF]
Editorial Advisory Board [PDF]
Advertising Media Kit

























Article













                                     Previous Article
                                 





                                    Next Article
                                





Table of Contents

































Protein Counting in Single Cancer CellsStephanie M. Schubert, Stephanie R. Walter, Mael Manesse, and David R. Walt* Department of Chemistry, Tufts University, Medford, Massachusetts 02155, United StatesAnal. Chem., 2016, 88 (5), pp 2952–2957DOI: 10.1021/acs.analchem.6b00146Publication Date (Web): January 26, 2016Copyright © 2016 American Chemical Society*E-mail: david.walt@tufts.edu.AbstractThe cell is the basic unit of biology and protein expression drives cellular function. Tracking protein expression in single cells enables the study of cellular pathways and behavior but requires methodologies sensitive enough to detect low numbers of protein molecules with a wide dynamic range to distinguish unique cells and quantify population distributions. This study presents an ultrasensitive and automated approach for quantifying phenotypic responses with single cell resolution using single molecule array (SiMoA) technology. We demonstrate how prostate specific antigen (PSA) expression varies over several orders of magnitude between single prostate cancer cells and how PSA expression shifts with genetic drift. Single cell SiMoA introduces a straightforward process that is capable of detecting both high and low protein expression levels. This technique could be useful for understanding fundamental biology and may eventually enable both earlier disease detection and targeted therapy. Supporting InformationThe Supporting Information is available free of charge on the ACS Publications website at DOI: 10.1021/acs.analchem.6b00146.STR profile comparison of LNCaPA and LNCaPB cells, representative bright field images of a single LNCaPB cell inside a 1 μL droplet, SiMoA calibration curve for PSA, and a linear fit of PSA content in low cell counts of LNCaPA and LNCaPB cells (PDF)View: ACS ActiveView PDF | PDF | PDF w/ Links | Full Text HTML







                        PDF
                



                                
                                ac6b00146_si_001.pdf
                                
                                (254.25
                                kB)
                            




















Citing ArticlesRelated ContentCitation data is made available by participants in
                                CrossRef's
                                Cited-by Linking
                                service. For a more comprehensive list of citations to this article, users are
                                encouraged to perform a search inSciFinder.
                            Sensitive Detection of MMP9 Enzymatic Activities in Single Cell-Encapsulated Microdroplets as an Assay of Cancer Cell InvasivenessZhao Yu, Lu Zhou, Ting Zhang, Rui Shen, Chenxi Li, Xu Fang, Gareth Griffiths, and Jian Liu ACS Sensors 2017 2
                                    (5),
                                626-634Abstract
                |
                Full Text HTML
            |
            PDF
            |
            PDF w/ LinksSingle-Cell, Multiplexed Protein Detection of Rare Tumor Cells Based on a Beads-on-Barcode Antibody MicroarrayLiu Yang, Zhihua Wang, Yuliang Deng, Yan Li, Wei Wei, and Qihui Shi Analytical Chemistry 2016 88
                                    (22),
                                11077-11083Abstract
                |
                Full Text HTML
            |
            PDF
            |
            PDF w/ LinksDigital Assays Part II: Digital Protein and Cell AssaysAmar S. BasuSLAS TECHNOLOGY: Translating Life Sciences Innovation 2017 22
                                    (4),
                                387-405Single cell proteomics in biomedicine: High-dimensional data acquisition, visualization, and analysisYapeng Su, Qihui Shi, Wei WeiPROTEOMICS 2017 17
                                    (3-4),
                                1600267Microchip-based single-cell functional proteomics for biomedical applicationsYao Lu, Liu Yang, Wei Wei, Qihui ShiLab Chip 2017 17
                                    (7),
                                1250-1263Optical techniques and microtools for subcellular delivery and samplingDuncan Casey, Douglas Wylie, Mark Neil 2017,287-311An integrated microwell array platform for cell lasing analysisQiushu Chen, Yu-Cheng Chen, Zhizheng Zhang, Biming Wu, Rhima Coleman, Xudong FanLab Chip 2017 11, Enzyme Kinetics in Femtoliter ArraysP. Mogalisetti, D.R. Walt 2016,541-560Related Content:Using Antigen–antibody Binding Kinetic Parameters to Understand Single-Molecule Array Immunoassay PerformanceAnalytical ChemistryDinh, Ngan, Shoemaker, and Walt2016 88 (23), pp 11335–11339Abstract: This paper provides insights into the performance of single-molecule array (Simoa) immunoassays by examining the effects of various capture and detector antibody–antigen binding kinetic parameters. Simoa is similar to other immunoassays in that the ...Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDFRecent Advances in the Analysis of Single CellsAnalytical ChemistryArmbrecht and Dittrich2017 89 (1), pp 2–21Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDFChemistry-Driven Approaches for Ultrasensitive Nucleic Acid DetectionJournal of the American Chemical SocietySmith, Nemr, and Kelley2017 139 (3), pp 1020–1028Abstract: Methods that can rapidly and specifically analyze nucleic acid sequences will revolutionize the diagnosis and treatment of disease by allowing molecular-level information to be used during routine medicine. In this Perspective, we discuss chemistry-driven ...Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDFSingle-Cell, Multiplexed Protein Detection of Rare Tumor Cells Based on a Beads-on-Barcode Antibody MicroarrayAnalytical ChemistryYang, Wang, Deng, Li, Wei, and Shi2016 88 (22), pp 11077–11083Abstract: Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) shed from tumor sites and represent the molecular characteristics of the tumor. Besides genetic and transcriptional characterization, it is important to profile a panel of proteins with single-cell precision for resolving ...Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDFSimultaneous Detection of Single Molecules and Singulated Ensembles of Molecules Enables Immunoassays with Broad Dynamic RangeAnalytical ChemistryRissin, Fournier, Piech, Kan, Campbell, Song, Chang, Rivnak, Patel, Provuncher, Ferrell, Howes, Pink, Minnehan, Wilson, and Duffy2011 83 (6), pp 2279–2285Abstract: We report a method for combining the detection of single molecules (digital) and an ensemble of molecules (analog) that is capable of detecting enzyme label from 10−19 M to 10−13 M, for use in high sensitivity enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA). ...Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDFIncorporation of Slow Off-Rate Modified Aptamers Reagents in Single Molecule Array Assays for Cytokine Detection with Ultrahigh SensitivityAnalytical ChemistryWu, Katilius, Olivas, Dumont Milutinovic, and Walt2016 88 (17), pp 8385–8389Abstract: Slow off-rate modified aptamers (SOMAmers) are attractive protein recognition reagents due to their high binding affinities, stable chemical structures, easy production, and established selection process. Here, biotinylated SOMAmer reagents were ...Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDF


























Article Options



                    ACS ActiveView PDF
                    

Hi-Res Print, Annotate, Reference QuickView



                    PDF (734 KB)





                    PDF w/ Links (275 KB)





                    Full Text HTML
                    






                Abstract
            



                    Supporting Info
                



                            Figures
                        



                                References
                        



                    Citing Articles
                









Tools & Sharing



                            Add to Favorites
                            




                            Download Citation
                            




                    
                    
                    Email a Colleague
                    




                        Order Reprints
                        




                            Rights & Permissions
                            




                        Citation Alerts
                        












    Add to ACS ChemWorx









Sign in




Retrieve Detailed Record of this Article


Retrieve All References Cited for this Article


Retrieve All References Citing this Article



Explore by:


                            Author of this
                            
                                    Article
                                
                        


                        Any Author
                    


                        Research Topic
                    




Schubert, Stephanie M.
Walter, Stephanie R.
Manesse, Mael
Walt, David R.


Search


Last *



First



Middle


Search


Topic *




Patents only search

Search






Metrics






Article Views: 1,625 Times




Received 12 January 2016
Date accepted 26 January 2016
Published online 26 January 2016
Published in print 1 March 2016





Learn more about these metrics
Article Views are the COUNTER-compliant sum of full text article downloads since November 2008 (both PDF and HTML) across all institutions and individuals. These metrics are regularly updated to reflect usage leading up to the last few days.The Altmetric Attention Score is a quantitative measure of the attention that a research article has received online. Clicking on the donut icon will load a page at altmetric.com with additional details about the score and the social media presence for the given article. Find more information on  the Altmetric Attention Score and how the score is calculated.












+

More Article Metrics







































CURRENT ISSUELATEST NEWS 













































































Dr. David Walt - Vaughan, ON -
Orthodontist Reviews & Ratings
- RateMDs












































Name











Signup |
Login


Claim Doctor Profile


| 
Claim Doctor Profile








See what's new!








Account




User
Dashboard




[[ doctor.name ]]





Claim Doctor Profile






Reports





Admin





Sales





Doctor Dashboard Billing






Admin: Doctor





Admin: Ratings





Amp: Doctor



Logout





























Claim Profile


Unfollow
Follow


Share this Doctor:
 twitter
 facebook




Dr. David Walt








Orthodontist















23

reviews



#2 of 9

Orthodontists in
Vaughan,
Ontario







Male






Walt Orthodontics












View Phone Number









View Map & Address




Visit Website











DoctorsOntarioVaughanOrthodontistsDr. David WaltRatings for Dr. David Walt 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeMy daughter recently finished her treatment after a long journey, involving several other orthodontists that we visited over the years. I am very glad I eventually found Dr. Walt. He is very professional and honest about treatment options and their limitations. He was very transparent about the cost of treatments, and when it made sense to extend the treatment (from a jaw expender to full braces), we were not charged any additional fees. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted May 25, 2017 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeOur family's experience at Walt Orthodontics over the past few years has been outstanding. From the start there is no doubt Dr. Walt cares about his patients. He is very personable. He always addresses any needs or concerns no matter how small. Equally as important, it is evident Dr. Walt knows his stuff. The staff is extremely professional, kind and they take the time to meet patients' needs. Excellent customer service. Dr. Walt's appreciation to his patients is second to none. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted April 10, 2017 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeI became a patient of Dr. Walt back in 2014 when he first started practice and what separated him from the other multiple orthodontists I had consulted with was his genuinity and level of knowledge. After having completed the full care process with Dr.Walt I can say that I am extremely pleased with the service. When brackets had broken off in the first couple months of care and a wire got bent because of what I had eaten, they were fixed and replaced without hassle. The staff is very welcoming and highly professional. Great overall experience and I would highly recommend Dr. Walt.Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted February 19, 2017 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeDr. Walt has been so great to me, and has been incredibly professional regarding my oath treatment. Really great staff. I'm really happy with my treatment so far.
Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted February 1, 2017 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeDr. Walt is the most caring, honest, and passionate health care provider I have ever seen. I took my son there for a consultation and Dr. Walt explained how his case was similar to his own when he was a child. When he took the time to explain exactly what was going on, it made complete sense. Dr. Walt recommended we wait a few years and correct my son's bite the right way. All the other orthodontic offices we saw didn't even give us options and just told us to get started ASAP. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted December 27, 2016 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeI went for multiple consults in the area. To be completely honest, Dr. Walt was on the higher end of the quotes. I chose him because my daughter and I both felt most comfortable with him. By far he explained her condition the best and Isabelle was amazing. They all know what they're doing and the process so far has been great. Their office is way more high tech than the other ones too. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted August 20, 2016 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeIf you're looking for service, this is the place to go. Their hours are great, the staff are so kind and knowledgeable, and Dr. Walt is the absolute best. I emailed him at 11:30 pm with a question and he got back to me within 2 minutes. My teeth look incredible and I constantly get compliments. One day I forgot my retainer there and Amanda was kind enough to drive it over to my house. This office is the model that all places should strive for. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted August 12, 2016 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeWalt orthodontics has set the bar as far as how a place of business should be owned and operated. Dr.Walt and his staff are very professional and welcoming , I have had a great experience and highly recommend to all. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted July 5, 2016 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeHighly recommend! Dr Walt took his time to answer all of my questions concrening my daughter's braces. We are very glad we found his office. Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted February 18, 2016 5Staff 5Punctuality 5Helpfulness 5KnowledgeDr Walt and Jodi are so nice. I highly recommend this office if you want orthodontics.Was this rating useful? 0 flag | Submitted January 13, 2016 Rate this DoctorDr. David Walt's Credentials Facility AffiliationsWalt Orthodontics Accepting New PatientsUnavailable BiographyUnavailable LanguagesUnavailable EducationUnavailable Other SpecialtiesUnavailable Areas of ExpertiseUnavailable Awards & RecognitionsUnavailable Publications & ResearchUnavailableInsurance accepted by this DoctorOther patients have successfully used these insurance providers, please call the Doctor's office to find out if your insurance plan is accepted.Blue Cross / Blue Shield


Top
Hospitals
in Vaughan, ON





Mackenzie Glen









York Central











Top
Urgent Care Centers
in Vaughan, ON





Vaughan Medical Centre









DreamCare Medical










Find a Doctor by Specialty




Acupuncturist


Addiction Medicine Specialist


Allergist / Immunologist


Anesthesiologist


Audiologist


Bariatric / Weight Loss Specialist


Cardiologist


Cardiothoracic Surgeon


Chiropractor


Colorectal Surgeon / Proctologist


Dentist


Dermatologist


Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) Doctor






Emergency Room Doctor


Endocrinologist


Endodontist (root canal)


Family Doctor / G.P.


Gastroenterologist


Geneticist


Gynecologist (OBGYN)


Homeopath


Infectious Disease Specialist


Internist / Geriatrician


Massage Therapist (registered or licensed)


Midwife


Naturopath


View all Specialties >












Featured News






Senior's Health



How to Talk to Someone Who Has Alzheimer’s









Nutrition



5 Healthy Foods that Cost $1 or Less









Senior's Health



Reduce the Risk of Dementia by Eating a Mediterranean Diet




Follow Us
































Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest health news and tips.


Name




Email Address

Subscribe






©2004-2017 RateMDs Inc. -

The original and largest doctor rating site.



















































Best
Doctors
in The World
- Doctors Reviews & Ratings
- RateMDs

































Name











Signup |
Login


Claim Doctor Profile


| 
Claim Doctor Profile








See what's new!








Account




User
Dashboard




[[ doctor.name ]]





Claim Doctor Profile






Reports





Admin





Sales



Logout













BestDoctorsin The WorldAll Specialties All SpecialtiesAcupuncturistAddiction Medicine SpecialistAllergist / ImmunologistAnesthesiologistAudiologistBariatric / Weight Loss SpecialistCardiologistCardiothoracic SurgeonChiropractorColorectal Surgeon / ProctologistPlastic / Cosmetic Surgeon, PhysicianDentistDermatologistEar Nose and Throat (ENT) DoctorEmergency Room DoctorEndocrinologistEndodontist (root canal)Family Doctor / G.P.GastroenterologistGeneticistGynecologist (OBGYN)HomeopathInfectious Disease SpecialistInternist / GeriatricianMidwifeNaturopathNephrologist (kidney)NeurologistNeurosurgeonNurse PractitionerOncologist / HematologistOphthalmologistOptometristOral SurgeonOrthodontistOrthopedic SurgeonPain Management Specialist / Physical TherapistPathologistPediatricianPeriodontist (gums)PodiatristOccupational TherapistPsychiatristPsychologistPulmonologist (lungs)RadiologistMassage Therapist (registered or licensed)Reproductive EndocrinologistRheumatologistSleep DoctorSports Medicine PhysicianSurgeon (general)TherapistUrogynecologistUrologistVascular Surgeon / Phlebologist Near MeAll Male FemaleAll Verified Doctors OnlyAll Accepting New Patients



The Best Doctors in The WorldDr. Michael RobbinsVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableChiropractor782 reviewsDr. Michael Robbins's Latest RatingDr. Robbins is the best in the business. I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a great chiropractor. He always gives excellent patient care and takes ... Read moreDr. David A. WarkentinVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableChiropractor891 reviewsDr. David A. Warkentin's Latest RatingA true visionary. I just became a patient if Dr. Warkentin's. I'm an orthopedic surgeon in the east valley. Going through his clinic with multiple divisions docto... Read moreDr. Bruce S. HoffmanVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePsychologist338 reviewsDr. Bruce S. Hoffman's Latest RatingDr. Hoffman was the only Doctor that rid my 22 year old son of his highly embarrassing tics. Due to his condition, my son had few friend and no social life, in addit... Read moreDr. Jose RodriguezVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableSurgeon (general)205 reviewsDr. Jose Rodriguez's Latest RatingLe dr Rodriguez m'a opérée il y a 3 mois pour une hernie incisionnelle. C'est un chirurgien d'une compétence et d'une humanité hors du commun. Ses patients sont vrai... Read moreDr. Tassos IrinakisVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePeriodontist (gums)315 reviewsDr. Tassos Irinakis's Latest RatingExcellent doctor. Very pleased with his services and the promptness of his response to my emails. Assistants are nice too. Dr. Omar A. OjjehVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist288 reviewsDr. Omar A. Ojjeh's Latest RatingDr. Ojjeh and his staff have always provided I and my family an excellent care and made us at ease and comfortable about coming to the dentist. Thank you for the gr... Read moreDr. Michael OmidiVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePlastic / Cosmetic Surgeon, Physician127 reviewsDr. Michael Omidi's Latest RatingOver the past couple of years I have had more than a couple of procedures with Dr. Omidi. I have always felt very safe undergoing these procedures. Dr. Omidi was rec... Read moreDr. Herbert VeismanVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePeriodontist (gums)447 reviewsDr. Herbert Veisman's Latest RatingThe Best of the Best in the world of dentistry! Knowledgeable! Experienced like none other! That is Dr Herbert Veisman. What brought me to seek treatment from Dr Vei... Read moreDr. Janan S. SayyedChiropractor278 reviewsDr. Janan S. Sayyed's Latest RatingI went to see Dr. Sayyed for my anxiety and depression. Changing my eating habits was definitely essential for me. Dr.Sayyed introduced me to nutrition and homeopath... Read moreDr. Carlo PoveglianoDentist118 reviewsDr. Carlo Povegliano's Latest RatingMost caring group of professionals I have ever met in the dental field.I was treated by both denturists and the dentist.Very pleased with their humanistic and caring... Read more


Top
Hospitals





Kindred Hospital Westminster









Kindred Hospital-Indianapolis









Kindred Hospital- South Philadelphia









Kindred Hospital Indianapolis South











Top
Urgent Care Centers





Eagle Walk-In Clinic at Guilford College









Medfast Urgent Care









Friendswood Urgent Care









Urgent Care of Morgan City










Find a Doctor by Specialty




Acupuncturist


Addiction Medicine Specialist


Allergist / Immunologist


Anesthesiologist


Audiologist


Bariatric / Weight Loss Specialist


Cardiologist


Cardiothoracic Surgeon


Chiropractor


Colorectal Surgeon / Proctologist


Dentist


Dermatologist


Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) Doctor






Emergency Room Doctor


Endocrinologist


Endodontist (root canal)


Family Doctor / G.P.


Gastroenterologist


Geneticist


Gynecologist (OBGYN)


Homeopath


Infectious Disease Specialist


Internist / Geriatrician


Massage Therapist (registered or licensed)


Midwife


Naturopath


View all Specialties >











Add a Doctor






Follow Us



















Featured News






Senior's Health



How to Talk to Someone Who Has Alzheimer’s









Nutrition



5 Healthy Foods that Cost $1 or Less









Senior's Health



Reduce the Risk of Dementia by Eating a Mediterranean Diet




Top Doctors by Specialty



Top 10 Family Doctors / G.P.s






Top 10 Gynecologists (OBGYN)






Top 10 Dentists






Top 10 Orthopedic Surgeons






Top 10 Internists / Geriatricians




Latest News






Senior's Health



Explanation of the Alzheimer’s Stages Timeline









Living



How to Spot Your Friend’s Gambling Addiction and Offer Help









Health



This Boy is the First Child With a Double Hand Transplant and He’s Amazing Doctors









Nutrition



Are You Addicted to Carbs? Here’s How to Break the Cycle









Senior's Health



Why Hire a Geriatric Care Manager?









Nutrition



Trying to Slim Down? Eat a Big Breakfast, New Research Suggests
















Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest health news and tips.


Name




Email Address

Subscribe






©2004-2017 RateMDs Inc. -

The original and largest doctor rating site.















































Best
Doctors
in Ontario, Canada
- Doctors Reviews & Ratings
- RateMDs

































Name











Signup |
Login


Claim Doctor Profile


| 
Claim Doctor Profile








See what's new!








Account




User
Dashboard




[[ doctor.name ]]





Claim Doctor Profile






Reports





Admin





Sales



Logout













BestDoctorsin OntarioAll Specialties All SpecialtiesAcupuncturistAddiction Medicine SpecialistAllergist / ImmunologistAnesthesiologistAudiologistBariatric / Weight Loss SpecialistCardiologistCardiothoracic SurgeonChiropractorColorectal Surgeon / ProctologistPlastic / Cosmetic Surgeon, PhysicianDentistDermatologistEar Nose and Throat (ENT) DoctorEmergency Room DoctorEndocrinologistEndodontist (root canal)Family Doctor / G.P.GastroenterologistGeneticistGynecologist (OBGYN)HomeopathInfectious Disease SpecialistInternist / GeriatricianMidwifeNaturopathNephrologist (kidney)NeurologistNeurosurgeonNurse PractitionerOncologist / HematologistOphthalmologistOptometristOral SurgeonOrthodontistOrthopedic SurgeonPain Management Specialist / Physical TherapistPathologistPediatricianPeriodontist (gums)PodiatristOccupational TherapistPsychiatristPsychologistPulmonologist (lungs)RadiologistMassage Therapist (registered or licensed)Reproductive EndocrinologistRheumatologistSleep DoctorSports Medicine PhysicianSurgeon (general)TherapistUrogynecologistUrologistVascular Surgeon / Phlebologist Near MeAll Male FemaleAll Verified Doctors OnlyAll Accepting New Patients



The Best Doctors in OntarioDr. Michael RobbinsVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableChiropractor782 reviewsDr. Michael Robbins's Latest RatingDr. Robbins is the best in the business. I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a great chiropractor. He always gives excellent patient care and takes ... Read moreDr. Herbert VeismanVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePeriodontist (gums)447 reviewsDr. Herbert Veisman's Latest RatingThe Best of the Best in the world of dentistry! Knowledgeable! Experienced like none other! That is Dr Herbert Veisman. What brought me to seek treatment from Dr Vei... Read moreDr. Carlo PoveglianoDentist118 reviewsDr. Carlo Povegliano's Latest RatingMost caring group of professionals I have ever met in the dental field.I was treated by both denturists and the dentist.Very pleased with their humanistic and caring... Read moreDr. David C. MadyVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist144 reviewsDr. David C. Mady's Latest RatingI drive 215 miles (346 km) each way to go to my appointments with Dr. Mady. I found him through this website after several unhappy experiences with friends' suggesti... Read moreDr. Derek NgVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableChiropractor126 reviewsDr. Derek Ng's Latest RatingWent to see Dr. Ng 3 week ago due to a lingering lower back pain. He is the first Chiropractor I've ever been to. He was very patient in assessing and understanding ... Read moreDr. Ken NakamuraVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableChiropractor163 reviewsDr. Ken Nakamura's Latest RatingKenji was great in assessing my L5 disk issue no more back painMarz HardyVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePodiatrist388 reviewsMarz Hardy's Latest RatingWas referred by a co-worker and was impressed with my initial contact. My second visit was not as pleasant as Marz tore a strip off me as I have to admit that I had... Read moreDr. Yosef NahmiasVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableEndodontist (root canal)226 reviewsDr. Yosef Nahmias's Latest RatingWhat I had heard about root canal surgery scared me and I was quite nervous. Dr. Nahmias and his staff continued to put me at my ease in a non judgemental and very f... Read moreDr. Nina GillmoreVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist106 reviewsDr. Nina Gillmore's Latest RatingMy favorite office anywhere, Dr Gillmore and her staff are so caring, so friendly, so wonderful. Dr Gillmore takes the time and makes you feel so cared for and she i... Read moreDr. Anna SzmitkoVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist431 reviewsDr. Anna Szmitko's Latest RatingThe kids love the staff at Forest Green. Ashey is great with them. Dr. Anna is very nice too.


Top
Hospitals





Kindred Hospital Westminster









Kindred Hospital-Indianapolis









Kindred Hospital- South Philadelphia









Kindred Hospital Indianapolis South











Top
Urgent Care Centers





Eagle Walk-In Clinic at Guilford College









Medfast Urgent Care









Friendswood Urgent Care









Urgent Care of Morgan City










Find a Doctor by Specialty




Acupuncturist


Addiction Medicine Specialist


Allergist / Immunologist


Anesthesiologist


Audiologist


Bariatric / Weight Loss Specialist


Cardiologist


Cardiothoracic Surgeon


Chiropractor


Colorectal Surgeon / Proctologist


Dentist


Dermatologist


Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) Doctor






Emergency Room Doctor


Endocrinologist


Endodontist (root canal)


Family Doctor / G.P.


Gastroenterologist


Geneticist


Gynecologist (OBGYN)


Homeopath


Infectious Disease Specialist


Internist / Geriatrician


Massage Therapist (registered or licensed)


Midwife


Naturopath


View all Specialties >











Add a Doctor






Follow Us



















Featured News






Senior's Health



How to Talk to Someone Who Has Alzheimer’s









Nutrition



5 Healthy Foods that Cost $1 or Less









Senior's Health



Reduce the Risk of Dementia by Eating a Mediterranean Diet




Top Doctors by Specialty



Top 10 Family Doctors / G.P.s






Top 10 Gynecologists (OBGYN)






Top 10 Dentists






Top 10 Orthopedic Surgeons






Top 10 Internists / Geriatricians




Latest News






Senior's Health



Explanation of the Alzheimer’s Stages Timeline









Living



How to Spot Your Friend’s Gambling Addiction and Offer Help









Health



This Boy is the First Child With a Double Hand Transplant and He’s Amazing Doctors









Nutrition



Are You Addicted to Carbs? Here’s How to Break the Cycle









Senior's Health



Why Hire a Geriatric Care Manager?









Nutrition



Trying to Slim Down? Eat a Big Breakfast, New Research Suggests
















Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest health news and tips.


Name




Email Address

Subscribe






©2004-2017 RateMDs Inc. -

The original and largest doctor rating site.















































Best
Doctors
in Vaughan, ON
- Doctors Reviews & Ratings
- RateMDs

































Name











Signup |
Login


Claim Doctor Profile


| 
Claim Doctor Profile








See what's new!








Account




User
Dashboard




[[ doctor.name ]]





Claim Doctor Profile






Reports





Admin





Sales



Logout













BestDoctorsin Vaughan, ONAll Specialties All SpecialtiesAcupuncturistAddiction Medicine SpecialistAllergist / ImmunologistAnesthesiologistAudiologistBariatric / Weight Loss SpecialistCardiologistCardiothoracic SurgeonChiropractorColorectal Surgeon / ProctologistPlastic / Cosmetic Surgeon, PhysicianDentistDermatologistEar Nose and Throat (ENT) DoctorEmergency Room DoctorEndocrinologistEndodontist (root canal)Family Doctor / G.P.GastroenterologistGeneticistGynecologist (OBGYN)HomeopathInfectious Disease SpecialistInternist / GeriatricianMidwifeNaturopathNephrologist (kidney)NeurologistNeurosurgeonNurse PractitionerOncologist / HematologistOphthalmologistOptometristOral SurgeonOrthodontistOrthopedic SurgeonPain Management Specialist / Physical TherapistPathologistPediatricianPeriodontist (gums)PodiatristOccupational TherapistPsychiatristPsychologistPulmonologist (lungs)RadiologistMassage Therapist (registered or licensed)Reproductive EndocrinologistRheumatologistSleep DoctorSports Medicine PhysicianSurgeon (general)TherapistUrogynecologistUrologistVascular Surgeon / Phlebologist Near MeAll Male FemaleAll Verified Doctors OnlyAll Accepting New Patients



The Best Doctors in Vaughan, ONDr. Alan HiltzVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeablePeriodontist (gums)28 reviewsDr. Alan Hiltz's Latest RatingI just had my second implant done with Dr. Hiltz and it was great. He and his staff are very skilled and run an extremely smooth operation. This ad is based on your current search terms. For more information visit RateMDs for Doctors.Dr. Anna SzmitkoVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist431 reviewsDr. Anna Szmitko's Latest RatingThe kids love the staff at Forest Green. Ashey is great with them. Dr. Anna is very nice too.Dr. Sean OstroVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist339 reviewsDr. Sean Ostro's Latest RatingMy daughters first visit went well. Even though she wasn't cooperating they were extremely patient and genuine. There were tears, but she left happy so as a mom tha... Read moreDr. David MeiselsVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist59 reviewsDr. David Meisels's Latest RatingI have been seeing Dr. Meisels for over 20 years. Before he had his own office and have followed him wherever he is. You will not find a more ethical dentist. Dr. Tanya WyldeVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableNaturopath42 reviewsDr. Tanya Wylde's Latest RatingI highly recommend Dr. Wylde to help guide you on a path to excellent health.Dr. Trejot LehriVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableDentist45 reviewsDr. Trejot Lehri's Latest RatingLove this office! I've never been to a clinic as wonderful as this one!! Dr. Ajeet GhummanVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist25 reviewsDr. Ajeet Ghumman's Latest RatingWonderful Experience. I simply cannot say enough about Dr. Ghumman and his fantastic staff. Very professional, caring and accommodating to all of my needs. I without... Read moreDr. David WaltVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist23 reviewsDr. David Walt's Latest RatingMy daughter recently finished her treatment after a long journey, involving several other orthodontists that we visited over the years. I am very glad I eventually ... Read moreDr. Osvaldo PapiniFamily Doctor / G.P.21 reviewsDr. Osvaldo Papini's Latest RatingDr. Panini has been providing outstanding healthcare to my family for almost three decades . He is very knowledgeable, companionate and dedicated to the wellbeing of... Read moreDr. Sunny DhingraVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist18 reviewsDr. Sunny Dhingra's Latest RatingMy son is a patient of Dr. Sunny Dhingra and had a complicated impacted tooth. After trying a lot of opinions from different orthodontists, we settled with him just ... Read moreDr. Sakunthala PonrajahFamily Doctor / G.P.46 reviewsDr. Sakunthala Ponrajah's Latest RatingDoctor Ponrajah has been my doctor for 2years now, she is the best doctor I ever had. She so kind, understanding and patient. She takes her time with me on my visits... Read more


Top
Hospitals
in Vaughan, ON





Mackenzie Glen









York Central











Top
Urgent Care Centers
in Vaughan, ON





Vaughan Medical Centre









DreamCare Medical










Find a Doctor by Specialty




Acupuncturist


Addiction Medicine Specialist


Allergist / Immunologist


Anesthesiologist


Audiologist


Bariatric / Weight Loss Specialist


Cardiologist


Cardiothoracic Surgeon


Chiropractor


Colorectal Surgeon / Proctologist


Dentist


Dermatologist


Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) Doctor






Emergency Room Doctor


Endocrinologist


Endodontist (root canal)


Family Doctor / G.P.


Gastroenterologist


Geneticist


Gynecologist (OBGYN)


Homeopath


Infectious Disease Specialist


Internist / Geriatrician


Massage Therapist (registered or licensed)


Midwife


Naturopath


View all Specialties >











Add a Doctor






Follow Us



















Featured News






Senior's Health



How to Talk to Someone Who Has Alzheimer’s









Nutrition



5 Healthy Foods that Cost $1 or Less









Senior's Health



Reduce the Risk of Dementia by Eating a Mediterranean Diet




Top Doctors by Specialty
in Vaughan, ON



Top 10 Family Doctors / G.P.s






Top 10 Gynecologists (OBGYN)






Top 10 Dentists






Top 10 Orthopedic Surgeons






Top 10 Internists / Geriatricians




Latest News






Senior's Health



Explanation of the Alzheimer’s Stages Timeline









Living



How to Spot Your Friend’s Gambling Addiction and Offer Help









Health



This Boy is the First Child With a Double Hand Transplant and He’s Amazing Doctors









Nutrition



Are You Addicted to Carbs? Here’s How to Break the Cycle









Senior's Health



Why Hire a Geriatric Care Manager?









Nutrition



Trying to Slim Down? Eat a Big Breakfast, New Research Suggests
















Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest health news and tips.


Name




Email Address

Subscribe






©2004-2017 RateMDs Inc. -

The original and largest doctor rating site.















































Best
Orthodontists
in Vaughan, ON
- Orthodontists Reviews & Ratings
- RateMDs

































Name











Signup |
Login


Claim Doctor Profile


| 
Claim Doctor Profile








See what's new!








Account




User
Dashboard




[[ doctor.name ]]





Claim Doctor Profile






Reports





Admin





Sales



Logout













BestOrthodontistsin Vaughan, ONOrthodontists All SpecialtiesAcupuncturistAddiction Medicine SpecialistAllergist / ImmunologistAnesthesiologistAudiologistBariatric / Weight Loss SpecialistCardiologistCardiothoracic SurgeonChiropractorColorectal Surgeon / ProctologistPlastic / Cosmetic Surgeon, PhysicianDentistDermatologistEar Nose and Throat (ENT) DoctorEmergency Room DoctorEndocrinologistEndodontist (root canal)Family Doctor / G.P.GastroenterologistGeneticistGynecologist (OBGYN)HomeopathInfectious Disease SpecialistInternist / GeriatricianMidwifeNaturopathNephrologist (kidney)NeurologistNeurosurgeonNurse PractitionerOncologist / HematologistOphthalmologistOptometristOral SurgeonOrthodontistOrthopedic SurgeonPain Management Specialist / Physical TherapistPathologistPediatricianPeriodontist (gums)PodiatristOccupational TherapistPsychiatristPsychologistPulmonologist (lungs)RadiologistMassage Therapist (registered or licensed)Reproductive EndocrinologistRheumatologistSleep DoctorSports Medicine PhysicianSurgeon (general)TherapistUrogynecologistUrologistVascular Surgeon / Phlebologist Near MeAll Male FemaleAll Verified Doctors OnlyAll Accepting New Patients



The Best Orthodontists in Vaughan, ONWhat is a Orthodontist?Dr. Bruce TasiosVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist19 reviewsDr. Bruce Tasios's Latest RatingGreat experience !! Highly recommended by me just got my braces off and so happy with the results . Thanks again , Steve M. This ad is based on your current search terms. For more information visit RateMDs for Doctors.Dr. Ajeet GhummanVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist25 reviewsDr. Ajeet Ghumman's Latest RatingWonderful Experience. I simply cannot say enough about Dr. Ghumman and his fantastic staff. Very professional, caring and accommodating to all of my needs. I without... Read moreDr. David WaltVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist23 reviewsDr. David Walt's Latest RatingMy daughter recently finished her treatment after a long journey, involving several other orthodontists that we visited over the years. I am very glad I eventually ... Read moreDr. Sunny DhingraVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist18 reviewsDr. Sunny Dhingra's Latest RatingMy son is a patient of Dr. Sunny Dhingra and had a complicated impacted tooth. After trying a lot of opinions from different orthodontists, we settled with him just ... Read moreDr. Bruce TasiosVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist19 reviewsDr. Bruce Tasios's Latest RatingGreat experience !! Highly recommended by me just got my braces off and so happy with the results . Thanks again , Steve M. Dr. Pavel SectakofOrthodontist7 reviewsDr. Pavel Sectakof's Latest RatingDr. Sectakof is always on time, and he is professional, friendly and easy to speak to. His staff is great and always have a welcoming a smile!Dr. Ana UrdanetaVerifiedOutstanding StaffWorld Class PunctualityExceptionally HelpfulHighly KnowledgeableOrthodontist3 reviewsDr. Ana Urdaneta's Latest RatingCan't say enough kind words about this orthodontist and her staff. They go above and beyond to make my child's treatment enjoyable. They are probably the most punc... Read moreDr. Gerry CatapanoOrthodontistDr. ShermanOrthodontistDr. MorrowOrthodontist


Top
Hospitals
in Vaughan, ON





Mackenzie Glen









York Central











Top
Urgent Care Centers
in Vaughan, ON





Vaughan Medical Centre









DreamCare Medical










Find a Doctor by Specialty




Acupuncturist


Addiction Medicine Specialist


Allergist / Immunologist


Anesthesiologist


Audiologist


Bariatric / Weight Loss Specialist


Cardiologist


Cardiothoracic Surgeon


Chiropractor


Colorectal Surgeon / Proctologist


Dentist


Dermatologist


Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) Doctor






Emergency Room Doctor


Endocrinologist


Endodontist (root canal)


Family Doctor / G.P.


Gastroenterologist


Geneticist


Gynecologist (OBGYN)


Homeopath


Infectious Disease Specialist


Internist / Geriatrician


Massage Therapist (registered or licensed)


Midwife


Naturopath


View all Specialties >











Add a Doctor






Follow Us



















Featured News






Senior's Health



How to Talk to Someone Who Has Alzheimer’s









Nutrition



5 Healthy Foods that Cost $1 or Less









Senior's Health



Reduce the Risk of Dementia by Eating a Mediterranean Diet




Top Doctors by Specialty
in Vaughan, ON



Top 10 Family Doctors / G.P.s






Top 10 Gynecologists (OBGYN)






Top 10 Dentists






Top 10 Orthopedic Surgeons






Top 10 Internists / Geriatricians




Latest News






Senior's Health



Explanation of the Alzheimer’s Stages Timeline









Living



How to Spot Your Friend’s Gambling Addiction and Offer Help









Health



This Boy is the First Child With a Double Hand Transplant and He’s Amazing Doctors









Nutrition



Are You Addicted to Carbs? Here’s How to Break the Cycle









Senior's Health



Why Hire a Geriatric Care Manager?









Nutrition



Trying to Slim Down? Eat a Big Breakfast, New Research Suggests
















Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest health news and tips.


Name




Email Address

Subscribe






©2004-2017 RateMDs Inc. -

The original and largest doctor rating site.


























David R Walt - Boston, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David R Walt in Boston, MA


David R Walt

                                                                           Intelius found that David R Walt  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Boston, MA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David R Walt is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Boston, MA
Lexington, MA
Nashua, NH

David's Relatives

Michele May
Stephanie Walt
Rachel Walt







David R Walt



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director of Human Resources at Quanterix Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David R Walt
Get a Criminal Check on David R Walt
Get a Public Record Report on David R Walt
Get a People Search Report on David R Walt


David R Walt's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David R Walt has lived as well as David R Walt's phone numbers and email addresses.




David R Walt Has Lived in 4 States
Massachusetts Address for David R Walt


233 M********** S* 

Boston, MA


Has Lived In

Boston, MA
Lexington, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David R Walt

() ***-**** - Boston, MA 
(781) ***-**** - Lexington, MA 
(781) ***-**** - Lexington, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David R Walt

d********t@***.edu
e*******1@***.com
d***********5@***.com


Get Email Report




David R Walt's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David R Walt's academic history.  Find out which schools David R Walt attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David R Walt received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David R Walt Has Attended 3 Schools
University of Michigan David R Walt has a B.S. in Chemistry               
Stony Brook University               1976 – 1979               David R Walt has a Doctor of Philosophy (ph.d.) in Chemical Biology               
Stony Brook University               1976 – 1979               David R Walt has a Doctor of Philosophy (ph.d.), Chemical Biology in Chemical Biology               


David R Walt's Professional Information
Information regarding David R Walt's professional history.  Find out previous places David R Walt has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David R Walt Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Quanterix Corporation
               Title: Director of Human Resources
Company: Tufts University
               Title: Robinson Professor of Chemistry
David R Walt's Experience
Title: Director of Human Resources
               Company: Quanterix Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: Robinson Professor of Chemistry
               Company: Tufts University
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on David R Walt

 See David R Walt's LinkedIn Profile



David R Walt's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David R Walt


David R Walt's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David R Walt's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Walt
Username Matches

                  DavidWalt
                  WaltDavid
                  David.Walt
                  Walt.David
                  David_Walt
                  Walt_David
                  David-Walt
                  Walt-David
                  DWalt
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Walt







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Products | Disney Store





































































  




FREE SHIPPING EVERY DAY 
    on Orders of $50 or More. CODE: SHIPNOW









Guest Services

•Store Locator
•E-mail List
•Disney® Visa® Card


Welcome  | 
Sign In or Create Account

















My Favorites (0)


My Bag (0)























				Please sign in or create an account to add this item to favorites.
			


				You must be signed in to purchase a D23 membership or product. Create an account below, or sign in using your Disney Store or Disney Account info.
			


				You must be signed in to purchase a subscription. Create an account below, or sign in using your Disney Store or Walt Disney Family of Companies login info.
			
Returning Guests
Welcome back! Sign in here with your Disney Store or Disney Account info.
















Username or Email Address
							

Password




Sign In

Forgot your username or password?


New Guest>
			Create a Disney Account and enjoy faster checkout, easier order tracking and all kinds of updates, special offers and other information.
Create Account


Create Account>
			We're sorry! We're not able to support your request to register at the moment. In the meantime, please feel free to shop as a Guest.


Create Account>
			










Look What Members Get!

Exclusive Discount Offers
Quick & Easy Checkout
Shipping Address Options
Complete Order History
Email Alerts about Special Deals, Presales, Contests & More
New & Seasonal Merchandise Previews
Additional benefits for D23 Members and Disney® Visa® Cardholders



First Name



Last Name



Email Address



Password 



Re-type Password




							Birth Date
						



Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec




Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31




Year
1917
1918
1919
1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929
1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939
1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017








							Country
						

					  		United States
						




								Cast Member
							



								I am an employee of the Walt Disney Company.
							












                                Yes! I would like to receive updates, special offers, and other information from Disney Store and The Walt Disney Family of Companies.
                            




By creating an account, I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy.



Create Account





                Yippee! Your store account has been created!
            

				Yippee! Your Disney Store account has been created! You are now logged in and ready to shop. Be on the lookout for your welcome email.
            
Continue Shopping

















0 Items in Your Bag

Previous Item






Next Item


Product Total: $0.00
Checkout
View Bag



Gosh, it looks like your bag is empty.






















Products



















$1 PersonalizationonBack to School Gear


ENDS FRIDAY! CODE: DOLLARPZ








Dress Every Adventure


COSTUMES & MORE TOSPARK THEIR IMAGINATIONS








Mix in the Latest Styles


NEW STITCH & MICKEY COLLECTIONS






































What's Most Wished For

Prev
Next

1-6 of 60







Disney Parks Authentic
Quick Look


The Great Movie Ride Wall Sign


$150.00






Quick Look


Disney Animators' Collection Rolling Luggage


$59.95






Quick Look


Uma Costume for Kids - Descendants 2


$49.95 - $54.95






Add a Name for $1
Quick Look


Elena of Avalor Backpack - Personalizable

now $16.00

                        
                                
                            
                                
                                    reg. 
                                
                                $24.95
                                
                                    you save:36%
                                
                            
                        
                    





Quick Look


Belle Costume for Kids


$44.95 - $49.95






Quick Look


Ariel Costume for Kids


$44.95 - $49.95















Shop by Category







                       Clothes
                    









                       Toys
                    









                       Home & Décor
                    









                       Collectibles
                    









                       Entertainment
                    









                       Disney Parks Product
                    

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip





























 






















Dr. David Walt, MD | Cleveland, MS | Family Doctor























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. David Walt MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. David Walt
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. David Walt MD 







Family Medicine Cleveland, MS



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. David Walt xhas an overall rating of 5.0.







5.0
 








4 patient ratings





Have you seen Dr. David Walt before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. David Walt, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Cleveland, MS. He has 36 years of experience. His specialties include Family Medicine and Internal Medicine.                    Dr. Walt is affiliated with                            Greenwood Leflore Hospital,                            Baptist Memorial Hospital Tipton and                            Bolivar Medical Center.
                 He speaks English.



                            2
                        

Awards




                              Patients rate and review their physicians based on criteria of care including bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up. Patients also provide their doctor with an overall ratings. Vitals analyzes these ratings annually, along with other quality measures, to identify and award the top physicians.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            2
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. David Walt has the following 7 areas of expertise and  2 specialties.                     


                                2
                            

Specialties

                                    For the best health care, select a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.
                                
View all






                                7
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






COPD


Get the facts about chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including symptoms and complications.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Type 2 Diabetes
Binge Eating Disorder
Eating Disorders
Flu
Food Allergy
GERD
Gout
Home Allergies








Locations & Directions











Cleveland Medical Clinic & Wright Surgical Center
806 E Sunflower Rd
Cleveland, MS 38732

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. David Walt, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Cleveland, MS.






Dr. Allison Doyle 



Cleveland, MS


5.0 











View Profile







Dr. John Herzog Sr 



Cleveland, MS


2.7 








36 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Steven Clark 



Cleveland, MS


4.6 








20 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. David Walt
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a Family Doctor
>            
MS
>            
Cleveland Family Physicians
>            Dr. David Walt, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT



























Dr. David Walt, MD - Family Practice Physician in Cleveland, MS





 












































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						
Mississippi (MS)

				 > 						
Family Practice Physicians

				 > 						
Cleveland

				 > 						Dr. David Walt








                        Dr. David Walt MD

read reviews
phone number






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT






















                         Dr. David Walt                          MD
















Family Medicine



36 Years Experience 



read reviews
phone number







Overview
Patient Reviews
Locations & Directions
Insurances
Hospital Affiliations







Patient Experience



                            3.0
                        









                                1 patient rating, 1 comment





write a review patient reviews









ADVERTISEMENT










Similar Doctors 
See how Dr. David Walt compares to similar Doctors below:





 Doctor
Dr. Allison Doyle 


Family Medicine













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile




 Doctor
Dr. Michael Montesi 


Family Medicine


18 Years Experience













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile




 Doctor
Dr. Degail Hadley 


Family Medicine


8 Years Experience













Rate this Doctor!




View Profile






detailed report
find more like this







ADVERTISEMENT










Locations & Directions






Cleveland Medical Clinic & Wright Surgical Center
806 E Sunflower Rd
Cleveland, MS 38732

Phone Number
Get Directions











ADVERTISEMENT










Specialties & Expertise 


 Specialties

Family Medicine



 Expertise

Check-up
Contraception
Family Planning
Immunization
Influenza
Weight Loss
Weight Loss (non-surgical)





Background



 Languages Spoken

English



 Education


School
                                University Of Mississippi School Of Medicine ,                                1980
                            

Residency
                                Medical College Of Georgia
                            











ADVERTISEMENT
























ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. David Walt


                            Update your information here.
                        










ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT














×

Have you visited Dr. David Walt
Share your experience




Click to rate:











Submit




By submitting this review, I agree to the User Agreement and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue













ADVERTISEMENT



















 














Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming




























ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 








Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT














 We're sorry, we couldn't find the page you were looking for.
Try one of the results below:For more search options click here. 
 






 Doctor
Dr. Elias Name MD


Internal Medicine 

30 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Dissatisfied
                                                                            
 1.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                43112 15th St W
                                
                                Lancaster, CA 93534
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. No Name Given Shweta MD


Residency 








                                410 W 10th Ave
                                
                                Columbus, OH 43210
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Elias Name MD


Geriatric MedicineInternal Medicine 








                                230 Maple St
                                
                                Holyoke, MA 01040
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Michelle Van Name MD


Pediatric EndocrinologyPediatrics 

7 Years Experience









                                333 Cedar St
                                
                                New Haven, CT 06510
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Tran DO


Anesthesiology 

11 Years Experience









                                600 Coffee Rd
                                
                                Modesto, CA 95355
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nate Normand MD


Internal Medicine 

19 Years Experience









                                701 Grove Rd
                                
                                Greenville, SC 29605
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nae Park MD


Otolaryngology 








                                200 River Bend Dr
                                
                                Enola, PA 17025
                            





View Profile















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Yu MD


Diagnostic RadiologyRadiology 

10 Years Experience









                                6565 Fannin St
                                
                                Houston, TX 77030
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Ko MD


Urology 








                                1507 E Market St
                                
                                Warren, OH 44483
                            





View Profile















 Doctor
Dr. Nama Beck MD


NephrologyInternal Medicine 








                                999 N Tustin Ave
                                
                                Santa Ana, CA 92705
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Huynh MD


Family Medicine 








                                1301 Hodges Dr
                                
                                Tallahassee, FL 32308
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Keun Yoon MD


Neurological Surgery 

5 Years Experience









                                50 N Medical Dr
                                
                                Salt Lake City, UT 84132
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Le MD


Plastic SurgeryGeneral Surgery 

12 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    5 patient ratings, 4 comments                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                6130 W Parker Rd
                                
                                Plano, TX 75093
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Do MD


Internal Medicine 

22 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Dissatisfied
                                                                            
 1.7





                                    3 patient ratings, 1 comment                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                1215 S Coulter St
                                
                                Amarillo, TX 79106
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Bui MD


Internal Medicine 

6 Years Experience









                                3350 La Jolla Village Dr
                                
                                San Diego, CA 92161
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nate Delisi DO


Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine 

35 Years Experience









                                11 Kimball Dr
                                
                                Hooksett, NH 03106
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nate Blaustein MD


Emergency Medicine 

20 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                










                                800 E Carpenter St
                                
                                Springfield, IL 62702
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Chough MD


Anesthesiology 

38 Years Experience









                                3200 Tyre Neck Rd
                                
                                Portsmouth, VA 23703
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Lam MD


Pediatrics 








                                1900 E Lambert Rd
                                
                                Brea, CA 92821
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Cho DO


Interventional CardiologyCardiology 

19 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Dissatisfied
                                                                            
 1.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                










                                405 W Greenlawn Ave
                                
                                Lansing, MI 48910
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Lee MD


Pediatrics 

46 Years Experience











                                                                                    Neutral
                                                                            
 3.0





                                    2 patient ratings                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                1726 Campbell Ave
                                
                                Schenectady, NY 12306
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nate Kelly MD


Anesthesiology 

10 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating                                










                                718 University Ave
                                
                                Los Gatos, CA 95032
                            





View Profile








 





xcuwaasbzdsx


 Doctor
Dr. Nam Phuong Tran MD


Anesthesiology 

4 Years Experience









                                55 Fruit St
                                
                                Boston, MA 02114
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen DO


Internal Medicine 

18 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                5300 W Hillsboro Blvd
                                
                                Pompano Beach, FL 33073
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen MD


Diagnostic RadiologyRadiology 

22 Years Experience









                                401 W Campbell Rd
                                
                                Richardson, TX 75080
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen MD


Pediatrics 








                                3754 Highway 90
                                
                                Milton, FL 32571
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nami Zarvan MD


Diagnostic RadiologyVascular and Interventional Radiology 

25 Years Experience









                                2941 S Ridge Rd
                                
                                Green Bay, WI 54304
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Lee MD


Family Medicine 

45 Years Experience









                                1411 E Amarillo Blvd
                                
                                Amarillo, TX 79107
                            





View Profile















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Chan MD


Internal Medicine 

5 Years Experience









                                13400 E Shea Blvd
                                
                                Scottsdale, AZ 85259
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Heui Kim MD


Critical Care MedicineGeneral Surgery 

23 Years Experience









                                55 Lake Ave N
                                
                                Worcester, MA 01655
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen MD


Pediatrics 








                                1935 Medical District Dr
                                
                                Dallas, TX 75235
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Ju Lee MD


Radiology 

7 Years Experience









                                601 N Caroline St
                                
                                Baltimore, MD 21287
                            





View Profile















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Tran MD


Neurological Surgery 

10 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                12902 Usf Magnolia Dr
                                
                                Tampa, FL 33612
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Kim MD


Radiation Oncology 

48 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Dissatisfied
                                                                            
 1.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                5020 N Ashland Ave
                                
                                Chicago, IL 60640
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Kim MD


Hospitalist 

16 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                










                                17360 Brookhurst St
                                
                                Fountain Valley, CA 92708
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nami Cho MD


Internal Medicine 

22 Years Experience









                                555 W Schrock Rd
                                
                                Westerville, OH 43081
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nate Brown MD


Family Medicine 

36 Years Experience











                                                                                    Highly Satisfied
                                                                            
 5.0





                                    1 patient rating, 1 comment                                


Spends Time with Patients



Appropriate Follow-Up 



Easy Appointments 



Short Wait Time



Friendly Staff



Fair and Accurate Diagnosis



Promptness











                                702 Martin Luther King St
                                
                                Mound Bayou, MS 38762
                            





View Profile








 








 Doctor
Dr. Nam Dang MD


Medical OncologyHematology and Oncology 

25 Years Experience









                                1600 SW Archer Rd
                                
                                Gainesville, FL 32610
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nane Ghazaryan MD


Residency 








                                3900 Woodland Ave
                                
                                Philadelphia, PA 19104
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nami Safai Haeri MD


Internal Medicine 








                                121 Dekalb Ave
                                
                                Brooklyn, NY 11201
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Ho MD


Family Medicine 

11 Years Experience









                                10000 Zane Ave N
                                
                                Minneapolis, MN 55443
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Dong MD


Pediatrics 

45 Years Experience









                                14082 Magnolia St
                                
                                Westminster, CA 92683
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen DO


PsychiatryNeurology 

4 Years Experience









                                1717 S J St
                                
                                Tacoma, WA 98405
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Om MD


Internal Medicine 

20 Years Experience









                                3834 Parsons Blvd
                                
                                Flushing, NY 11354
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam-Huong Tu MD


Anesthesiology 

26 Years Experience









                                2411 Fountain View Dr
                                
                                Houston, TX 77057
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Nguyen MD


Internal Medicine 








                                6900 Pecos Rd
                                
                                North Las Vegas, NV 89086
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Pham MD


Residency 








                                5323 Harry Hines Blvd
                                
                                Dallas, TX 75390
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Kim MD


Internal Medicine 








                                128 E Apple St
                                
                                Dayton, OH 45409
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam-Phuong Nguyen MD


Pediatrics 

9 Years Experience









                                1561 S Alafaya Trl
                                
                                Orlando, FL 32828
                            





View Profile

















 Doctor
Dr. Nam Yoo MD


Internal Medicine 








                                10311 Northern Blvd
                                
                                Corona, NY 11368
                            





View Profile























ADVERTISEMENT











The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT



















 




