
  PEF6289 Quote - Walton Street Real Estate Fund V LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Walton Street Real Estate Fund V LP   PEF6289:US      Inactive   PEF6289:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Walton Street Real Estate Fund V LP is a 2005 private equity fund currently harvesting. The Fund makes opportunistic real estate investments globally.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   -              










 













 







Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Bluhm  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    900 North Michigan Avenue Suite 1900 
    Chicago, IL, 60611Phone: 312-915-2800 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-05-08


Amended


$640,701,000


$255,300,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-11-09


Amended


$385,401,000


$200,400,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-09


New


$185,001,000


$185,001,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Neil G. Bluhm 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Eric C. Mogentale 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Jeffrey S. Quicksilver 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Ira J. Schulman 
 Executive, Promoter 


 K. Jay Weaver 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus Lp raised $185,001,000 on November 9th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/385316-walton-street-real-estate-fund-viii-nus-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=385316  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus Lp raised $185,001,000 on November 9th, 2015.Get alertedif Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus Lp gets funded!Amount:$185,001,000Company:Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesIllinoisChicagoKey people:Neil Bluhm (Executive Officer, Promoter) Eric Mogentale (Executive Officer, Promoter) Jeffrey Quicksilver (Executive Officer, Promoter) Ira Schulman (Executive Officer, Promoter) K. Weaver (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. (0001655304) (Filer)Description:Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus Lp raised a 190M fund (2015-11-09). Walton Street Real Estate Fund Viii-nus Lp is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. Reg D SEC Securities Filing | Disclosure Quest

















← Back to search


    Currently Viewing:
    
DocumentHTML
0001655304-17-000001.txt




Link to this page



Tweet this filing 


URL copied to clipboard



    Unfortunately, there is no HTML record of this filing.
  


















Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P. trustees and associates »
															


 







Neil G. Bluhm
Employee @ Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS-FF-II, L.P.


View Full Profile









K. J. WEAVER
Employee @ Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P.


View Full Profile









Eric C. Mogentale
Employee @ Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS-FF-II, L.P.


View Full Profile









Ira J. Schulman
Employee @ Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS-FF-II, L.P.


View Full Profile









Jeffrey S. Quicksilver
Employee @ Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS-FF-II, L.P.


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Walton Street Real Estate Fund VIII-NUS, L.P.





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























Walton Street Capital: Private Equity Real Estate Investment Firm





























 







































Hands-on private equity real estate firm











Walton Street Capital, L.L.C. is a private equity real estate investment firm. Since its founding in 1994, affiliates of Walton Street Capital have received total equity commitments of over $8.4 billion from public and corporate pension plans, foreign institutions, insurance companies and banks, endowments and foundations, trusts, and high net worth individuals. Affiliates of Walton Street Capital have invested and/or committed to invest over $7.5 billion of equity in more than 300 separate transactions.








Principals
The Principals make substantial personal investments alongside our investors.








Our Team
We offer an experienced and dedicated principal investment and asset management organization.








Investment Strategy
Walton Street employs several investment strategies, including: Single Asset Transactions, Complex Ownership Situations, Illiquid Assets, International Ventures, Targeted Development, Entity Recapitalizations, and Private Equity Platform Investments.








Our Philosophy
Walton Street invests and manages with the philosophy that real estate is a commodity subject to cycles, both in terms of its underlying supply and demand fundamentals and its pricing relative to other financial assets.




















 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









