




















For Wang Xiaochuan: Sogou IPO, really ready?_Vvcat it news











Vvcat3.0



News list
Search
Find
Categories
Post news
RSS subscribe


                   







Home > News content


For Wang Xiaochuan: Sogou IPO, really ready?
via:博客园     time:2017/1/8 21:31:00     readed:679



Recently, Sogou CEO Wang Xiaochuan publicly said in an interview, although not yet arranged related matters, but Sogou plans to market in the United States this year. In the industry have joked Sogou owe Wang Xiaochuan girlfriend finally on (Wang Xiaochuan swore Sogou not listed, do not find a girlfriend) at the same time, there are still ten of the questions and the future development of Sogou IPO.
1, IPO missed the best node, lost opportunity is still listed?
In recent years, Sogou in revenue and market share performance is not rosy, in fact, no matter what its Sogou, I have missed the best node IPO.
As early as the end of 2013, after Sogou $448 million investment and Tencent merged with Tencent soso Sogou resources, began to enter the stage of steady growth in revenue and market share, and in 2014 Q3 quarter revenue exceeded 100 million US dollars, than the shares of micro-blog and the cheetah revenue are good. Although at the rumored upcoming IPO Sogou Sogou, but did not have action.
By the end of 2016, Sogou performance has been lackluster, 2016 Q3 advertising revenue also fell, single quarter revenue of around us $150 million, it can be said that the IPO had missed the Sogou good time performance.
2, ambition, although large, criticized the user experience how to improve?
It is worth mentioning that Sogou input method user experience still needs attention and improvement. Once the Sogou input method for personalized skin, cloud thesaurus memory, also has been widely acclaimed, but with the ambition to become larger, the input tool is to become a platform, a series of functions and thus launched gradually began to affect the user experience.
A simple example is, Sogou input method in the search input box automatically pull the cue word form search candidate, users click on any search candidate words will automatically jump to the Sogou search results page. This is an indirect Sogou search diversion, it is at the expense of the user experience as the premise, imagine, when you normally chat the spelling of a word, click after this should enter the chat window, but jump out a rather baffling search interface, but also manually switch off the web page, open the chat window to spelling words, input that's what about user experience?
In addition, a variety of functions in the stack may also cause system Caton, Xunfei compared to other competing products, Sogou should consider how to complete the product's user experience and business model of the balance.
3, the standard of competing products no advantage, Sogou $5 billion valuation is too high?
Sogou listed, the subject is most similar to the Baidu search engine field 360 and the biggest rival for the business model, but Sogou $5 billion valuation is too high?
According to the official data released by Sogou, from 2014 Q3, Sogou revenue growth continued to decline, to Q3 in 2016, its revenue of $166 million was almost unchanged from the same period in 2015. This means that Sogou revenue may be close to the ceiling.
While on the one hand, Sogou parent Sohu is now valued at only $1 billion 400 million, on the other hand, in the last quarter of 360 before the delisting revenue Sogou benchmarking of $438 million, net profit reached 117 million, based on long-term revenue and earnings growth, 360 when the U.S. stock market value is only $9 billion 500 million. Then the revenue is only 360 of the data and the growth of the plight of the Sogou want to get $5 billion valuation is no doubt difficult.
4, the mobile terminal market decline, the plight of the three rocket model how to break?

In fact, trying to struggling through the three rocket mode layout of the mobile terminal market in addition to Sogou, 360 game player, the decline is also evident, the reason is that regardless of the input method, the browser or search engine, it is essentially a tool products, but in the end it is very easy to move by the system alternative tools, for example, after the launch of squares input method in iPhone, and soon spread.
Therefore, Sogou in the mobile terminal is in urgent need of an innovative model to help them get rid of the plight of the mobile terminal.
5, how to balance the complexity of Tencent, Sohu equity relations?
Tencent, Sohu and Sogou potential relationship between the three of the resulting benefits of the game may also have an impact on the Sogou IPO, at the same time, Sohu will let go of the independent listing is still questionable.
According to the Sohu reported a Tencent holding 45%, is the largest shareholder of Sogou, but half of them are non voting common stock; Sohu holds a 38.35% stake and the largest vote; although the voting rights in the hands of Sohu, but the actual manager is only Sogou 5.8% owned by Wang Xiaochuan and the team.
This means that the market can be listed in the nod with Sohu; the biggest profit will be listed Tencent; and the actual completion of the IPO, it is entirely dependent on the operation of the Wang Xiaochuan team. And the final outcome will be how, all depends on the interests of the game.
6 good cards, while not making full use of resources and WeChat know the consequences?
On the point of view, Sogou mediocre revenue and market share and did not make full use of WeChat and know almost two resources also have a certain relationship.
After obtaining the investment shares of the Tencent, Sogou essentially become the only one that can call the WeChat public data platform in-depth search engine, but every day in the WeChat search page recommended but mostly is the title of the party a health piece hot Wen, can be said to be a good hand smashed.
In access to WeChat as the entrance, and then in November 2015 the investment of 60 million users know almost quiz platform, Sogou search once through on-line search plate model for WeChat and know the import a large number of external traffic, but did not get sufficient reverse reverse flow, in which two ports such as keywords, bidding the rankings of business model is also quietly,
At the same time, Sogou market share is not substantially improve, so how to make full use of these resources, but also on Sogou must be considered a big problem.
7, policy changes, advertising revenue can find a new growth point?
Whether it is artificial intelligence, internationalization, or other business development, in addition to advertising revenue has not yet found a new growth point is the biggest problem plaguing the current search.
In mid 2016, Chinese government issued new regulations for the field of search engine, search industry, advertising revenue has been affected, 2016 annual revenue Sogou Q3 main reasons of 6% lower than a quarter of the.
In fact, Sogou still in terms of advertising revenue invested a great deal of energy, Wang Xiaochuan announced plans to IPO in an interview said that at the end of 2016, Sogou win over more advertisers, and increase efforts in the promotion of Q4 in 2016, Sogou marketing investment or reached 100 million yuan, an increase of more than 4 times the previous quarter.
This means that the year 2016 Q4 Sogou advertising revenue may be counter attack, on the other hand, it is still not found today Sogou search a new growth point of the reality of advertising, even the three rocket mode is also dependent on the advertising revenue, Sogou to said is absolutely not a good news.
8, the Internet opened the curtain of the sea, there are opportunities for the layout of the internationalization of it?
In the story of Sogou, overseas business is still a vacuum zone, which is not only an important factor affecting the valuation of listed Sogou, but also affect the future development of a key business areas.
An accepted fact is that China's Internet industry has gradually bid farewell to the era of user dividends. Therefore, in order to seek development, the vast majority of domestic Internet Co choose the sea, whether the layout of the market potential of strong market in Southeast Asia, India, or go to Europe and America market share, including BAT, drops, headlines, cheetah and other enterprises in the overseas market force.
In contrast, Sogou, currently in the internationalization of the road is still a blank, whether it is product service or investment, mergers and acquisitions, there are the sea, so this is one of the factors that influence the future growth of Sogou decision ceiling.
9, the lack of a moat, 3 years beyond Baidu is empty talk?
Wang Xiaochuan said the plan in the year listed more than Sogou also put forward the next step, in three years in the mobile search business with Baidu, this is a realistic goal?
In fact, according to StatCounter's latest data show that in December 2016 the domestic search engine market to 79.07% of Baidu's share of the overwhelming dominance of the first throne. The growth process of the search engine is the accumulation of vast amounts of information, based on user behavior analysis of large data, so as to optimize the algorithm, that provide users with more accurate search results, so as to occupy the dominant position in the market competition. Baidu search engine in the PC end steeped in more than a decade, has become the domestic search engine market oligopoly, whether it is ever will be, or to a search, 360, Sogou, with facts and data to prove that the Baidu PC end position is difficult to shake.
The outbreak of the mobile Internet today, the mobile terminal is overtaking opportunities, mobile search is now divided into active and passive search recommendation, which with the popularity rising wave of entrepreneurship and big data technology to bring users accurate portrait of the two subjective and objective factors, can realize passive recommendation import massive content distribution flow field has become the military a hotly contested spot, and Baidu in the last year has launched a 100, force content distribution, Sogou without motion. Therefore, to achieve three years tied Baidu, Sogou rely on overpromised is impossible, so Sogou force point where?
10, lack of talent, lack of technology, lack of data, artificial intelligence can become the future strategy?
In Wang Xiaochuan's view, Sogou Baidu tied the real force, perhaps in artificial intelligence from this side, but to Baidu also occupy the advantage in the field of Baidu's counter attack, it is not easy.


It must be pointed out that the artificial intelligence of the emerging industry of great imagination, Sogou also have the corresponding potential, but still need a long time to catch the leader, can complete the overtaking of Sogou too soon.
A summary: Sogou does not have an attractive story
Currently, Sogou years IPO is probably true, but there are still many problems in its development process, such as artificial intelligence, internationalization, new growth point as part of the problem is even directly determines the height of the upper limit of the future. More importantly, Sogou does not have an attractive enough to support the high valuation of the story, the future where to go, and whether the dream into reality, still need time to test.baidu










Vvcat it news app




Recommended use vvcat news app
Download flyfish app to read news


Please rate this news


The average score will be displayed after you score.





Post comment





 Do not see clearly? Click for a new code.
                        



Post






User comments






Related news

Wang Xiaochuan: Sogou to tear down the wall, open its business
lose one's vitality！ The first quarter of the U.S. IPO market exists in Crisis Era
Intel R & D VR-Ready PCs vest
Wang Xiaochuan carrying Sogou machine simultaneous interpretation to the HKUST speech "aircraft commercial flight"
Wang Xiaochuan said Sogou or US IPO but there is no definite timetable
For Wang Xiaochuan: Sogou IPO, really ready?
Sogou IPO: not their final say
Wang Xiaochuan interpretation Sogou earnings: search difference, armed to the teeth AI
Google co-designer Cowan brings "Really Blue" jeans
Get together Internet finance will welcome the US market boom



Hot news this week

IBB Nonprofit Loan Reward Program received more than $ 300,000 from Facebook
The world's top white hat hacking conference, Tencent security by the white hat hacker Oscar nomination
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security: prohibited the lifting of the ban on the plane of notebook computer
Security Researchers find that there is a flaw in retrieving account functionality. Facebook does not recognize
Nintendo's second quarter results out of color Switch "drop chain" is a regret
Take the bus subway super convenient! Millet 6 has been supported by Shenzhen pass: also transfer card refund
Foxconn Sharp plans to assemble TV in the United States Hisense OEM machine prospects
Tencent Music Entertainment Group released music program three years, musicians earn five hundred million yuan
Revealing the North Korean elite network life: more than 6 percent of users watching video, play games
Want to do AI era Andrews Baidu DuerOS is accelerating open, R & D and acquisition









The most popular news this week

Sell ​​chip business deal stalled creditors called for bankruptcy
FB market record record overclocking Amazon is about to step into the $ 500 billion club
Twitter crisis self-help: push the monthly advertising to increase the amount of business push text reading
Sharp for three consecutive quarters of profit Foxconn cut costs measures work
Take a look at how the sound gun is interfering with the iPhone 7
Millet or secondary test water air conditioning industry Lei Jun Dong Mingzhu 1 billion gambling renewed waves
The evidence came to Apple is preparing to launch a new Apple TV?
The band world tour also comes with Apple Pay
ZTE in the first half net profit up nearly 30% increase in internal compliance governance results
Microsoft began to launch AI artificial intelligence image search in Photos application






































































China’s Sogou Targets $5 Billion IPO to Chase Rival Baidu - Bloomberg





























































  
















China’s Sogou Targets $5 Billion IPO to Chase Rival Baidu
Bloomberg News



January 3, 2017, 5:21 AM EST



January 3, 2017, 8:41 PM EST










                Listing of about 10% of shares in U.S. may happen this year
            



                CEO Wang Xiaochuan aims to create the ‘Google of China’
            













China’s Sogou Aims for $5B IPO to Chase Rival Baidu




China’s third-biggest search engine expects to hold a U.S. initial public offering at a valuation of as much as $5 billion as it raises cash to close the gap with leader Baidu Inc. in the mobile market.Sogou, whose name means “search dog,” plans to sell about 10 percent of its shares in an IPO that will probably be held this year, Chief Executive Officer Wang Xiaochuan said in an interview. The company, which is backed by social media giant Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Sohu.com Inc., hasn’t formally hired banks to run the listing. Sohu shares rose the most in 10 months.Wang XiaochuanSource: Imaginechina via AP PhotosWhile Baidu remains the biggest provider across all platforms in China, it’s under siege after a scandal over medical advertising as smaller rivals including Sogou and Qihoo 360 Technology Co. win mobile users. Wang plans to use part of the IPO proceeds to improve search results by backing companies developing artificial intelligence and machine-learning technologies.




“Over the past year, we’ve seen a trend where people are finding themselves not trusting Baidu as much and some are even seeking a replacement," he said at the company’s Beijing headquarters. “So over the next year or two, as more people feel more comfortable with Sogou they’ll realize it is able to replace Baidu.”Sohu said a Sogou IPO isn’t on the agenda right now.Shares of Sohu rose 4.9 percent to $35.54 in New York, the biggest gain since March 4. The stock has declined 34 percent in the past year. Tencent’s shares rose about 0.4 percent as of 9:36 a.m. in Hong Kong.Baidu accounted for 44.5 percent of mobile search queries in the third quarter, while Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.-backed Shenma had 20.8 percent and Sogou was third with 16.2 percent, according to research from iiMedia.Other independent researchers including Analysys International reported that Sogou was China’s second-largest provider to the country’s mobile users while some surveys have the company as the nation’s second-largest overall.




Wang said Sogou can match Baidu in mobile search within three years. Baidu declined to comment.Marie Sun, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Service, said Wang’s emphasis on artificial intelligence was the correct strategy as search engines around the world adopt the technology to improve results. Still, Baidu has a massive advantage in machine-learning given its history of dominance and access to data.“The problem is I don’t think they have that much data -- Baidu has a lot more data,” said Sun. “If you don’t have the data, then you can’t expect your machine to learn as fast.”Sogou, which merged with Tencent’s Soso search business in 2013, is counting on partnerships with investors and smartphone makers to win market share.Sogou is the only search engine formally allowed to trawl through public messages on Tencent’s WeChat platform, which has more than 800 million users. It’s also signing deals with device makers to ensure more smartphones are shipped with its software already installed, adopting a successful strategy used by microblog Weibo.While Tencent owns a substantial stake in Sogou, the search company is run as a subsidiary of Sohu.com thanks to a dual-class share structure. Wang said the relationship between its main backers is strong but both sides were still discussing how the ownership structure would change once Sogou is listed.“We’d float about 10 to 12 percent," Wang said of the expected IPO. "After the listing I’d estimate we’d reach $4 to $5 billion.”Tencent didn’t respond to an e-mailed request for comment while calls to the mobile phones of its spokeswoman weren’t answered.Sogou’s IPO plans come at a complicated time for search companies in China. An outcry over paid medical advertising on Baidu’s site, linked to the death of a student seeking a cancer treatment, led to new rules that hit advertising revenue across the industry.Sogou’s third-quarter revenue fell 6 percent compared with the prior quarter as the new rules bit.But Wang said advertisers who previously worked exclusively with Baidu were now starting to partner with Sogou as it rolls out new products and boosts marketing. Sogou’s marketing spending in the December quarter probably reached 100 million yuan ($14 million), five times more than previous periods.Sogou is also launching new search services aimed at bringing foreign results to Chinese audiences. By using translation technology, its customers will be able to search the English-speaking web with Mandarin search terms that will automatically translate the content back into Chinese.“This is a turnaround year for us,” Wang said.— With assistance by David Ramli



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE













Most Read


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Why You’re Being Invited to Fewer Weddings


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Delivery Day Is Here for Tesla’s Model 3


Wells Fargo Does It Again, This Time With Unwanted Auto Insurance
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Xiaochuan Wang - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Xiaochuan Wang
Chief Executive Officer, Sogou at Sohu.com Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Xiaochuan Wang? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Xiaochuan Wang's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Xiaochuan Wang's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Xiaochuan Wang's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Xiaochuan Wang through your network of contacts.
												








Xiaochuan Wang's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Executive Officer, Sogou, 
Sohu.com Inc.


Past
To view Xiaochuan Wang's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


Tsinghua University


Age
39

 
 


Xiaochuan Wang's Biography



Xiaochuan Wang, age 39, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Sogou since 2010, and was named as one of our executive officers effective November 1, 2016. Under his leadership, Sogou has developed many strategic products, including the Sogou Search Engine, the Sogou Pinyin Input Method and the Sogou Browser. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Wang also served as our Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Wang joined us in October 2000, when we acquired the online alumni website Chinaren.com, and has played an integral role in establishing a technology-driven culture through a focus on team building and product innovation. Prior to joining us, Mr. Wang worked as ...
(Read More)

			Xiaochuan Wang, age 39, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Sogou since 2010, and was named as one of our executive officers effective November 1, 2016. Under his leadership, Sogou has developed many strategic products, including the Sogou Search Engine, the Sogou Pinyin Input Method and the Sogou Browser. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Wang also served as our Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Wang joined us in October 2000, when we acquired the online alumni website Chinaren.com, and has played an integral role in establishing a technology-driven culture through a focus on team building and product innovation. Prior to joining us, Mr. Wang worked as a technology manager at Chinaren.com. Mr. Wang received a Gold Medal in the 8th International Olympiad in Informatics. He received a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in Computer Science from Tsinghua University.
		
Source: Sohu.com Inc. on 04/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Xiaochuan Wang's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Xiaochuan Wang. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Xiaochuan Wang's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Xiaochuan Wang's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Xiaochuan Wang through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Xiaochuan Wang


















Xiaochuan Wang's Connections (22)





Sign up now to view Xiaochuan Wang's 22 connections »









Daqing Qi
Board Member, Sohu.com Inc.









Charles Zhang
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sohu.com Inc.









Dewen Chen
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Changyou, Sohu.com Inc.









Charles Huang
Board Member, Sohu.com Inc.









Joanna Lv
Senior Finance Director and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Sohu.com Inc.









Carol Yu
Former President and Chief Financial Officer, Sohu.com Inc.









Shi P. Wang
Board Member, Sohu.com Inc.









Zhonghan Deng
Board Member, Sohu.com Inc.









Dave D. Yang
Board Member, Sohu.com Inc.









Xin Wang
Former Consultant, Sohu.com Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Wang  Xiaochuan in Osseo, MN 55311 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Minnesota
» Osseo
» Internet Service Providers & Resources
» Wang  Xiaochuan













Wang  Xiaochuan


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





17951 67th Pl N  Osseo, Minnesota 55311


(763) 494-5523


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Wang  Xiaochuan is located at the address 17951 67th Pl N in Osseo, Minnesota 55311.  They can be contacted via phone at (763) 494-5523 for pricing, hours and directions.  Wang  Xiaochuan specializes in Web Pages & Web Sites, Market Research, Homepages.  Wang  Xiaochuan has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Wang  Xiaochuan provides Upgrades, Network Support, Networking to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Wang  Xiaochuan view the map to the right.  For reviews of Wang  Xiaochuan see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Microphones
, Modems
, Mice
, Flat-Panel Monitors
, Software
, Fax Machines
, Copiers
, Desktops
, Keyboards
, High Speed Internet



SERVICES


Mobile Services
, Network Support
, Staffing Services
, Storage
, Network Installation
, Networking
, Troubleshooting
, Upgrades
, Software Installation
, Corporate Services


 BRANDS


Panasonic
, Compaq Presario
, IBM
, Toshiba
, Intel
, Nortel
, Peachtree
, HP
, Acer
, Lexmark


 SPECIALTIES


Web Pages & Web Sites
, Process Improvement
, Market Research
, Homepages
, Hiring & Recruiting
, Document Technologies
, Communications Equipment
, Alarm Systems



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (763) 494-5523
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 50000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Internet Service Providers & Resources
Computer Facilities Management
Computers & Software
Information & Media
Computer Systems



People Also Viewed


Us Internet


344 County Road 81  Osseo, Minnesota 55369




Definition 6


15077 75th Ave N  Osseo, Minnesota 55311





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










