


Brad Warkins | Gaiam, Inc | Email Vice President, Subscription Services | @gaiam.com | Phone: (303) 222-3600








































 









 



  Business Card for  Brad Warkins:


   Brad Warkins
 Vice President, Subscription Services
Louisville, CO area 





Gaiam, Inc 
 
                  833 W South Boulder Rd                  

Louisville, CO 80027  

                  Tel: (303) 222-3600 

www.gaiam.com
 Last updated on 2016-10-18 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About  Brad Warkins:

 Brad Warkins  works as an Vice President, Subscription Services for Gaiam, Inc at Louisville, CO.  The company's webpage is http://www.gaiam.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Vice President, Subscription Services and other executives of Gaiam, Inc at Louisville, CO, check
                  Gaiam, Inc                  at Joesdata.com. Not the  Brad Warkins you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named  Brad Warkins. 

  Brad Warkins's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


  Brad Warkins's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


  Brad Warkins's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 28, 2017,  Brad Warkins has
                65                co-workers under the company name
                Gaiam, Inc                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Gaiam, Inc:

                    Gaiam, Inc. (Gaiam) is a lifestyle media company providing a range of information, media, products and services to customers who value personal development, wellness, ecological lifestyles, and responsible media. It markets its content, media and products through a multi-channel approach including digital media channels, direct to consumers via catalogs, the Internet, direct response television, broadband, and subscriptions, as well as traditional retail stores. The Company markets its products and services across two segments: business and direct-to-consumer. The Company's media brand is built around its ability to develop and offer media content, products, lifestyle solutions to consumers in the lifestyles of health and sustainability (LOHAS) market and the Conscious Media markets. On De......      (Source: SEC reports)  

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

Nancy ShapiroVice President of Store OperationJoyce Leslie IncJeanice GantusIT ManagerAbercrombie & Fitch Co.James GaringMIS ManagerEastbayRandy SwainVice President Facility/MaintenanceHelzberg Diamond Shops, Inc.Brian BanisterStore Information Technology CoordinatorFrederick's of HollywoodLarry PromiselVice President of E-CommerceBarneys New York, Inc. 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.




    Brad Warkins | Gaiam Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Brad Warkins, Gaia Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  





















Feedback





Brad Warkins

President/COO,
Gaia Inc






Career History




President/COO
Gaia Inc, 7/2016-PRESENT


President/COO
Gaiam Inc, 7/2016-7/2016









Website:
www.gaia.com






Corporate Information
Address:

833 West South Boulder Road
Louisville, CO 80027
United States


Phone:
1-303-222-3600


Fax:
1-303-464-3700


Web url:
www.gaia.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Acting Coaching & Acting Classes | Brad Watkins - Theatre Work









































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Brad Hankins' profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Brad Hankins#52743@bradhankinsbradhankins.com181Following35FollowersFollow73 UpvotesRedbeardFramework for fast & simple native app developmentDeveloper Tools+ 1 save 403 31Webflow Flexbox UI BuilderBuild flexible, responsive layouts — without writing codeDeveloper Tools+ 3 save 1087 27Open Data Inception1600+ Open data portals around the WorldTech+ 1 save 302 6Adobe XDAn end-to-end solution for designing & prototypingPrototyping+ 5 save 1552 51BubbleBuild a fully functional web app without any codeDeveloper Tools+ 5 save 2810 110Birdly for SlackA Slack bot that does your expense reportsBots+ 3 save 781 27UX Map for Axure RPCreate compelling UX documentation in no timePrototyping+ 3 save 485 13Traction CourseFree course with 7 marketing super-hacksEmail+ 4 save 611 23Front-End ListA curated list of toolkits, frameworks, & resourcesDeveloper Tools+ 4 save 1104 27UI PaletteUI colors, tools & trends all in one placeTech+ 2 save 743 7The Submit ListA directory of sites that accept link submissions.Tech+ 2 save 121 5Instant for iOSYour life on a dashboard. Track all activities automaticall…iPad+ 5 save 397 34App vs. WebsiteShould you build an app or a website? Find out in less than…Developer Tools+ 3 save 533 13SheetsuTurn Google Spreadsheet into APITech+ 3 save 1137 24StacklistThe best business tools for growing your startup.Developer Tools+ 6 save 1148 16Dirty MarkupTidy up your HTML, CSS, and JavaScript codeDeveloper Tools+ 2 save 307 8EdisonPlanThe ultimate tool to plan & launch your productA/B Testing+ 10 save 979 65Build vs. Buy CalculatorShould you build an internal tool? Or just buy it?Developer Tools+ 2 save 692 23Random ResourcesResources for entrepreneursDeveloper Tools+ 7 save 468 13PushCrewPush notifications for websites and mobile web. Safari Extensions+ 4 save 541 39Share this profile











Brad Warkins - President & Chief Operating Officer at Gaia, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Brad Warkins
President & Chief Operating Officer at Gaia, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Public Holdings 


Brad Warkins
President & Chief Operating Officer at Gaia, Inc.



 Overview



Age



49
                                  (Born 1968)
                                              




Notable Companies


Gaia, Inc.

Gaia International, Inc.

Conscious Media




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 36 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 18, 2015





                        Float Left Interactive and Gaiam TV Partner to Deliver New Streaming Experience on the Roku Platform                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Jirka Rysavy

Founder at Gaia, Inc.




Paul C. Tarell, Jr.

Chief Financial Officer & Investor Relations at Gaia, Inc.





Lynn Powers

President at Life Balance Media LLC




Jaymi Bauer

Chief Marketing Officer at Gaia, Inc.





Wendy Lee Schoppert

Member at Cornell University




Kristin E. Frank

Executive Vice President-Content Division at Viacom, Inc.





Stephen J. Thomas

Former Chief Financial Officer & Vice President at Gaia, Inc.




Paul Howard Sutherland

Founder at Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd.





Chris Jaeb

Chief Executive Officer at Common Ground Kauai LLC




David Maisel

Former Owner at Rovio Entertainment Ltd.







See 26 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 26 More 


 


 Paths to Brad Warkins



            Brad Warkins          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Brad Warkins






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Brad Warkins.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    Current                


Gaia, Inc.


                  Gaia, Inc. provides information, media, products, and services to customers who value yoga, fitness, wellness, personal development, and responsible media. It operates through the following Business segments: Gaiam Brand and Gaia. The Gaiam Brand segment includes all yoga, fitness, and wellness product and media distributed through there website, apps, retail network, and catalogs, and also includes travel business. The Gaia segment includes global digital video subscription service. The company was founded by Jirka Rysavy on July 7, 1988 and is headquartered in Louisville, CO.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2013 - 2016                


Gaia International, Inc.


                  Gaia International, Inc. is an emerging growth company, which operates a global digital video subscription service. It offers free subscription of digital content which allows its subscribers to download and view files from its library without being actively connected to the internet. Its content focuses on yoga, health and longevity, seeking truth, spiritual growth, and conscious films series. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Louisville, CO.                




President

                                    1997 - 2007                


Conscious Media


                  GaiamTV.com is proud to announce its partnership with Conscious Media Network (CMN), a pioneer in the growing conscious media genre. Not only will GaiamTV.com now host CMN’s entire library of groundbreaking, in-depth interviews, but we will also be partnering with CMN to create exciting new content, bringing you the latest breakthroughs in the most thought-provoking areas. The coalescence of these two networks will provide our audience with unparalleled transformational content, taking viewers to the edges of consciousness and science. With this partnership, GaiamTV.com begins its evolution into what will be the largest portal of conscious media, intended to awaken and inspire our viewers. We hope you will join us as we embark on this exciting journey.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Brad Warkins is affiliated with
                            Gaia, Inc., Gaia International, Inc., Conscious Media.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤























Warkins Brad - Gaiam Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsWarkins BradGaiam (GAIA)President and COO Not RankedWarkins Brad's PerformanceWarkins Brad has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Warkins Brad's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateGAIAGaiamPresident and COO-Uninformative Buy(undisclosed)Jul 06, 2016Warkins Brad has not reported any informative transactions for GAIA, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Jul 06, 2016 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 6,000 $7.8 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by


























	Latham & Watkins LLP - Global Directory - Brad E. Kotler









































About Us



Administration


Alumni


Awards & Rankings


Diversity


In Memoriam


Media Coverage


News


Pro Bono & Community Service


Retired Partners


Sustainability Initiative


Women Enriching Business




Online Resources


Languages

中文     Deutsch EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語한국어Pусский




People Finder



Find a person by name or search via surname initial





Quick search


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






































 


Industries








		Latham & Watkins meets clients’ needs by understanding the industries in which they operate.  
	





IN THIS SECTION






Aerospace, Defense & Government Services


Automotive


Cleantech


Communications


Energy - Oil & Gas


Energy - Power


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Financial Institutions


FinTech


Healthcare Services & Providers






Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure


Industrials & Manufacturing


Information Technology – Systems & Solutions


Internet & Digital Media


Life Sciences


Mining & Metals


REITs


Retail & Consumer Products


Semiconductors





Go to Industries Section 







Practices








Activism


Africa Practice


Antitrust & Competition


Australia Practice


Banking


Benefits, Compensation & Employment


Capital Markets


CFIUS & US National Security


Communications Law






Complex Commercial Litigation


Corporate Governance


Creditors Rights & Bankruptcy Litigation


Derivatives


Emerging Companies


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Environment, Land & Resources


Export Controls, Economic Sanctions & Customs


Financial Regulatory






Government Contracts


Greater China Practice


Healthcare & Life Sciences


India Practice


Indonesia Practice


Information Law, Data Privacy & Cybersecurity


Insurance Coverage Litigation


Intellectual Property Litigation


International Arbitration






Investment Funds


Islamic Finance


Israel Practice


Korea Practice


Latin America Practice


Litigation & Trial Practice


Mergers & Acquisitions


Nordic Practice


Oil & Gas Transactions






Private Equity


Private Equity Finance


Product Liability, Mass Torts & Consumer Class Actions


Project Development & Finance


Public & Tax-Exempt Finance


Public Company Representation


Real Estate


Restructuring, Insolvency & Workouts


Securities Litigation & Professional Liability






Structured Finance


Supreme Court & Appellate


Tax


Technology Transactions


Turkey Practice


White Collar Defense & Investigations





Go to Practices Section







Knowledge Library








		Latham & Watkins provides first-class thought leadership across practices and industries, locally and globally.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Blogs


Book of Jargon® & Apps


Events


Presentations


Thought Leadership


Videos


Webcasts & Podcasts







VIDEO


WORD OF THE DAY® – Side-Car
Partner Dominic Newcomb explains the term Side-Car from the Book of Jargon® – European Capital Markets and Bank Finance.

view





UPCOMING EVENT


Social Entrepreneurship Legal Clinic
Offering an opportunity to discuss legal issues impacting social entrepreneurs.

Washington, D.C., USA

Read more



Go to Knowledge Library 







Global Directory








		Located in business centers across the globe, the lawyers of Latham & Watkins come from all regions of the world to practice within its fully integrated, one-firm structure.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Find Our People


Latham Around the World - Map View


Latham Around the World - List View








Our OfficesOur People









Join Us







Events







close x


January 2000



Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa





















































Home|Global Directory|Brad E. Kotler





Find Our People


Latham Around the World



    Mr. Kotler's high praise included a client's report that he is “very articulate and creative in his solutions."Chambers USA 2017







Brad E. Kotler

Partner
Ebrad.kotler@lw.com
T+1.312.876.7651
Add to contacts



Chicago


                    330 North Wabash Avenue, Suite 2800

                    Chicago, IL 60611

                    USA


 



Profile
Experience

 


Brad Kotler is a member of Latham & Watkins' Executive Committee and previously served as the Managing Partner of the Chicago office and global Vice Chair of the firm's Finance Department. Mr. Kotler has significant experience in the structuring, negotiation and documentation of secured and unsecured credit facilities involving term and revolving loans for acquisition (including through tender-offer and second step merger financings) and working capital purposes. Mr. Kotler also has experience negotiating and documenting debtor-in-possession credit facilities. His finance practice ranges from middle market ABL and cash-flow loans to large cap transactions.
Mr. Kotler has been consistently recognized by Chambers USA for his work in Banking & Finance. He has earned the respect of clients for being “very knowledgeable, reasonable and a good negotiator" as well as someone who "responds quickly, provides good advice and understands and can separate legal versus business issues.”
Mr. Kotler’s clients include borrowers and lenders alike. His representative lender clients include: 

Goldman Sachs Credit Partners, L.P. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Bank of America, N.A. 

Mr. Kotler’s representative borrower clients include:

Koch Industries, Inc. 
Georgia-Pacific LLC 
The Pritzker Organization 
Bass Pro Group, LLC 
Hyatt Hotels Corporation 

Mr. Kotler has previously served as the Chicago office representative on the firm’s Pro Bono Committee and Recruiting Committee.


Mr. Kotler has had significant experience in multi-jurisdictional and multi-currency finance transactions throughout the world, including previously representing:

Goldman Sachs International, as investment agent, in providing a debtor-in-possession and exit Murabaha facility to Arcapita Investment Holdings Limited; this transaction was named 2014 “Global Finance Deal of the Year” by The American Lawyer 
Goldman Sachs in its financing of Mars Incorporated’s acquisition of The Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 
Koch Industries, Inc., in its financing of a US$22 billion acquisition of Georgia-Pacific Corporation, reported at the time as the second largest going-private transaction in US history (including the largest Term B financing and the largest second-lien financing) 












Media Coverage

Success With A Clean Slate


more




News

Latham Advises Entercom in Merger with CBS Radio 
Latham Advises Bass Pro Shops in $5.5 Billion Acquisition of Cabela's
Latham Honored for LGBT Inclusion and Engagement


more







share



 Email


 Facebook


 Google+


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





 



Bar Qualification


Illinois
New York


Education


JD, Georgetown University Law Center, 1995
BBA, Emory University, 1992




Practices



                        Banking

                        Private Equity Finance




Industries



                        Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure



 


 


© 2017 Latham & Watkins

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use|Mobile Site|Privacy and Cookies|Site Map

Hiring Scam Warning  |
                









Notice: We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding.



Cancel
Accept







		We use cookies to make the experience of our website better. By using our website, your consent to the use of cookies is deemed to be given. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
	












