

	Robin L. Washington | Gilead 
































			        Robin L. Washington
		        





Home

                /

About

                /

Senior Management

                /

                Robin L. Washington
            














Senior Management


John F. Milligan, PhD

John C. Martin, PhD 

Gregg H. Alton

Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD

Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD

William A. Lee, PhD

John McHutchison, MD

Jim Meyers

Brett Pletcher

Martin B. Silverstein, MD

Robin L. Washington

Katie L. Watson

Taiyin Yang, PhD

Kevin Young CBE



Board of Directors




The information in this section is intended for visitors outside the United States.
Continue










            Robin L. Washington
        

        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
    
Ms. Washington joined Gilead in 2008 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer where she oversees the Global Finance and Information Technology organizations. Ms. Washington was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2014.  Ms. Washington was previously Chief Financial Officer of Hyperion Solutions, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in March 2007. Prior to that, Ms. Washington served in a number of executive positions with PeopleSoft, most recently in the role of Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. Ms. Washington previously served on the Board of Directors of Tektronix, Inc. (acquired by Danaher), the Board of Directors of MIPS Technologies Inc. (acquired by Imagination), and currently is a member of the Board of Directors of Honeywell International, the Board of Directors of Salesforce.com, and the Board of Visitors, Graziadio School of Business and Management, Pepperdine University.

Ms. Washington is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Michigan and a MBA from Pepperdine University.






































Robin L. Washington - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Gilead Sciences, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Robin L. Washington
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Gilead Sciences, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Awards & Honors Events 


Robin L. Washington
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Gilead Sciences, Inc.



 Overview



Age



54
                                  (Born 1963)
                                              




Notable Companies


Gilead Sciences, Inc.

Hyperion Solutions, Inc.

Pharmasset, Inc.




Awards



1





Board Seats



8





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 7,924 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
May 30, 2017





                        Gilead Sciences to Present at the 37th Annual William Blair Growth Stock Conference on Tuesday, June 13                    





Banking and Credit News
April 18, 2017





                        Gilead Executive VP/CFO named "Financial Woman of the Year"                    





Business Wire
April 17, 2017





                        Robin L. Washington Named "Financial Woman of the Year"                    





Marketwired
March 30, 2017





                        Bay Area CFO of the Year Finalists Announced                    





Marketwired
February 16, 2017





                        Robin L. Washington of Gilead Sciences, Inc. selected for Bay Area CFO of the Year Lifetime Achievement Award                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




John W. Madigan

President at CGI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




John F. Milligan

President, Director & Chief Executive Officer at Gilead Sciences, Inc.





Marc Russell Benioff

Co-Founder at Salesforce.com, Inc.




Stratton D. Sclavos

Partner at Salesforce.com, Inc.





Darius Adamczyk

President & Chief Executive Officer at Honeywell International, Inc.




David M. Cote

Executive Chairman at Honeywell International, Inc.





Gareth C. C. Chang

Chairman & Managing Partner at GC3 & Associates International LLC




Craig Conway

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at PeopleSoft, Inc.





Deryck van Rensburg

Dean, George L. Graziadio School of Business & Management at Pepperdine University




Christine Bishop

Director, Pepperdine Executive Associates at Pepperdine University - Graziadio School of Business and Management







See 7,914 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 7,914 More 


 


 Paths to Robin L. Washington



            Robin L. Washington          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Robin L. Washington






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Robin L. Washington.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor's in Business Administration 


University of Michigan

                  The University of Michigan (UM, U-M, UMich, or U of M), frequently referred to as simply Michigan, is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. It is the state's oldest university and the flagship campus of the University of Michigan. It is one of the original eight Public Ivy universities and is one of the founding members of the Association of American Universities. It has been ranked among the top five research universities in the US, and among the top 20 universities in the world. U-M also has satellite campuses in Flint and Dearborn.                




MBA 


Pepperdine University - Graziadio School of Business and Management

                  Graziadio School Mission Statement

The University's founder, George Pepperdine, was motivated by a desire to help men and women prepare themselves for a life of usefulness in a competitive world. He particularly advocated a business education, coupled with the development of Christian character. It is his outlook which serves to anchor the mission of the business school.
Mission Statement:

The mission of the George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management is to develop values-centered leaders and advance responsible business practice through education that is entrepreneurial in spirit, ethical in focus, and global in orientation. As a professional school growing out of the tradition of a Christian University, we seek to positively impact both society at large, and the organizations and communities in which our students and graduates are members. Therefore, we affirm a higher purpose for business practice than the exclusive pursuit of shareholder wealth. We believe that successful management seeks collective good along with individual profit and is anchored in core values such as integrity, stewardship, courage, and compassion.                





 Memberships



Life Member

                  Current                


Council on Foreign Relations

                  Council on Foreign Relations, Inc. provides and disseminates ideas on foreign policies to individuals, corporate members, journalists and policy makers. It operates a forum for government officials, students and other interested parties to study and discuss world issues and impact on American foreign policies. The company publishes Foreign Affairs, a magazine that comes out six times a year, along with books and studies by its own scholars. Council on Foreign Relations was founded in 1921 and is headquartered in New York City, NY.                





 Career History



Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

                                    2008 - Current                


Gilead Sciences, Inc.


                  Since 1987, Gilead Sciences has worked to discover, develop and commercialize medications to advance the care of patients suffering from life-threatening diseases in areas of unmet medical need.

In 25 years, Gilead has become a leading biopharmaceutical company with a portfolio of 15 marketed products, a growing pipeline of investigational drugs and approximately 5,000 employees in offices across four continents.

Gilead's therapeutic areas of focus include HIV/AIDS, hepatitis, serious respiratory, cardiovascular, and metabolic conditions, cancer and inflammation                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2006 - 2007                


Hyperion Solutions, Inc.


                  Hyperion Solutions Corp. provided business performance management software solutions that enable companies to translate strategies into plans to improve financial and operational performance. It also provided customers with solutions that include analysis and reporting tools, a business intelligence (BI) platform, packaged and tailored applications, and related services. The company was founded in 1981 and was headquartered in Santa Clara, CA.                




Director of Finance

                                    1987 - 1996                


Tandem Computers Incorporated


                  Tandem Computers Incorporated designs and manufactures fault-tolerant computer systems and networks for the on-line transaction processing market place. The company's systems are used in the banking, communications, manufacturing, business services, brokerage and securities, retail and wholesale distribution, healthcare and other industries. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, UB Networks, Inc., is a leasing supplier of network hardware and software products. Computer systems and networks products accounted for 79% of fiscal 1996 revenues and service and other, 21%.  It was acquired by IBM in 1997 for 3 billion.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Pharmasset, Inc.


                  Pharmasset, Inc. developed drugs to treat viral infections. It focued in the development of oral therapeutics for the treatment of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. The company was founded in 1998 and was headquartered in Princeton, NJ.                




Senior Auditor

                                    Prior                


Deloitte LLP


                  Deloitte LLP provides audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk management, tax, and related services. It offers financial transaction, regulatory, forensic and compliance, resilience and merger and acquisition services. The company was founded on March 7, 1995 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Senior Auditor

                                    Prior                


Deloitte & Touche LLP


                  Deloitte & Touche LLP offers auditing and consulting services. It also provides accounting, financial advisory, risk management, and tax services. The company engages in international financial reporting, assurance, advisory, tax auditing, corporate governance, risk consulting, advisory services, mergers and acquisitions, government compliance, and human capital consulting services. The company was founded on May 6, 1997 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Senior Vice President & Corporate Controller

                                    Prior                


PeopleSoft, Inc.


                  PeopleSoft, Inc. provides enterprise software that ties together back-office applications and databases. Its software addresses such tasks as accounting, human resources management and supply chain management. PeopleSoft has expanded its product lines to include vertical applications for manufacturing firms and government agencies. In late 2003 Oracle launched a hostile attempt to purchase PeopleSoft, which ultimately agreed to be purchased for $10.3 billion in December 2004. Oracle completed the acquisition of the company in January 2005. PeopleSoft is located in Redwood Shores, CA.                




Accounting Analyst

                                    Prior                


Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago


                  The Chicago Fed serves the Seventh Federal Reserve District, an economically diverse region that includes all of Iowa and most of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Wisconsin. The Seventh District has a large national share of many important economic sectors. The Chicago Fed has a head office in Chicago and a branch office in Detroit.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2013 - Current                  


Honeywell International, Inc.

                    Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company that invents and manufactures technologies to address tough challenges linked to global macrotrends such as safety, security, and energy. With approximately 132,000 employees worldwide, including more than 19,000 engineers and scientists, we have an unrelenting focus on quality, delivery, value, and technology in everything we make and do.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2013 - Current                  


Salesforce.com, Inc.

                    Salesforce.com, Inc. provides enterprise cloud computing applications. It provides a comprehensive customer and collaboration relationship management service to businesses of all sizes and industries and also provides a technology platform for customers and developers to build and run applications. The company has designed and developed its applications to be easy-to-use and intuitive solutions that can be deployed rapidly, customized easily and integrated with other software applications. Salesforce.com offers its services on a subscription basis, primarily through its direct sales efforts and indirectly through partners. The company operates in one segment. It was founded by Marc Benioff, Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez in February 1999 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


CGI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    CGI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. manufactures pharmaceuticals and biotechnology chemicals. The firm develops a pipeline of small molecule therapeutics for multiple oncology and immunology-based indications. It focuses on the development of novel kinase inhibitors for the treatment of cancer, autoimmune, and inflammatory diseases. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Foster City, CA.                  




Independent Director

                    2008 - 2013                  


MIPS Technologies, Inc.

                    MIPS Technologies, Inc. provides industry-standard processor architectures and cores for home entertainment, networking, mobile and embedded applications. The company was founded in June 1992 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                  




Director

                    2005 - 2007                  


Tektronix, Inc.

                    Tektronix, Inc. provides test, measurement and monitoring solutions. It provides services for the communications, computer, semiconductor industries, as well as for the military, aerospace, consumer electronics and education sectors. The firm also assists its clients in designing, building, deploying and managing global communications networks, computing and advanced technologies. The company was founded by Melvin Jack Murdock, Glenn Leland, Miles Tippery and Charles Howard Vollum in 1946 and is headquartered in Beaverton, OR.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital Oakland

                    UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital Oakland provides healthcare services. It offers child life program, family outreach clinics, hand and microsurgery, parent infant programs, pastoral care, neurosurgery, injury prevention programs and respiratory care services. The company was founded by Bertha Wright in 1912 and is headquartered in Oakland, CA.                  




Member, Board of Visitors

                    Current                  


Pepperdine University - Graziadio School of Business and Management

                    Graziadio School Mission Statement

The University's founder, George Pepperdine, was motivated by a desire to help men and women prepare themselves for a life of usefulness in a competitive world. He particularly advocated a business education, coupled with the development of Christian character. It is his outlook which serves to anchor the mission of the business school.
Mission Statement:

The mission of the George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management is to develop values-centered leaders and advance responsible business practice through education that is entrepreneurial in spirit, ethical in focus, and global in orientation. As a professional school growing out of the tradition of a Christian University, we seek to positively impact both society at large, and the organizations and communities in which our students and graduates are members. Therefore, we affirm a higher purpose for business practice than the exclusive pursuit of shareholder wealth. We believe that successful management seeks collective good along with individual profit and is anchored in core values such as integrity, stewardship, courage, and compassion.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


San Jose Children's Discovery Museum

                    CHILDREN'S DISCOVERY MUSEUM OF SAN JOSE INSPIRES CREATIVITY, CURIOSITY AND LIFELONG LEARNING.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Barbara Jean Lee


                  Representative at Office of the Representative from California's 13th District, Barbara Lee                




$500

                  2012                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                




$1,000

                  2012                


Tommy G. Thompson


                  Former Governor of Wisconsin                




$2,300

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Events



Speaker

                  New York City, NY                




2013 UBS Global Healthcare Conference







 Other Affiliations




              Robin L. Washington is affiliated with
                            Gilead Sciences, Inc., Hyperion Solutions, Inc., Tandem Computers Incorporated, Pharmasset, Inc., Deloitte LLP, Deloitte & Touche LLP, PeopleSoft, Inc., Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Honeywell International, Inc., Salesforce.com, Inc., CGI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., MIPS Technologies, Inc., Tektronix, Inc., UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital Oakland, Pepperdine University - Graziadio School of Business and Management, San Jose Children's Discovery Museum.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Robin Lynn Washington - Oakland, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robin Lynn Washington in Oakland, CA


Robin Lynn Washington

                                                                                       Intelius found that Robin Lynn Washington  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Oakland, CA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Robin L Moyer
Robin Lynn Mcphaul


Get Report Now

Age

Robin Lynn Washington is in her 50s

Robin Has Lived In

Oakland, CA
South Gate, MI
San Jose, CA

Robin's Relatives

Mary Moyer
Alex Moyer
Carl Washington







Robin Lynn Washington



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Crunchbase



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robin Lynn Washington
Get a Criminal Check on Robin Lynn Washington
Get a Public Record Report on Robin Lynn Washington
Get a People Search Report on Robin Lynn Washington


Robin Lynn Washington's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robin Lynn Washington has lived as well as Robin Lynn Washington's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robin Lynn Washington Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Robin Lynn Washington


34 E**** A** 

Oakland, CA


Has Lived In

Oakland, CA
South Gate, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robin Lynn Washington

(510) ***-**** - Oakland, CA 
(408) ***-**** - Milpitas, CA 
(510) ***-**** - Oakland, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robin Lynn Washington



Get Email Report




Robin Lynn Washington's Professional Information
Information regarding Robin Lynn Washington's professional history.  Find out previous places Robin Lynn Washington has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robin Lynn Washington Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Crunchbase
               
Robin Lynn Washington's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Crunchbase
Job Details
               Crunchbase Daily provides an overview of important tech stories ranging from new product releases to fundraising to more general news about tech giants.
Additional Professional Information on Robin Lynn Washington

 See Robin Lynn Washington's LinkedIn Profile



Robin Lynn Washington's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robin Lynn Washington


Robin Lynn Washington's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robin Lynn Washington's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robin Washington
Username Matches

                  RobinWashington
                  WashingtonRobin
                  Robin.Washington
                  Washington.Robin
                  Robin_Washington
                  Washington_Robin
                  Robin-Washington
                  Washington-Robin
                  RWashington
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Washington







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Robin L Teskin                                                                                                           - Washington                                        , DC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DC



Washington



Individual and Family Services



Community Center



                            Robin L Teskin
                                    



 





















R 


Robin L Teskin                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1900 K ST NW WASHINGTON, DC 20006
Get Directions



(202) 419-2018
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $102,986.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Community Center
 Contacts Robin L Teskin                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Robin L Teskin                                                                                                           is located at 1900 K St Nw in Washington and has been in the business of Community Center since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Robin L. Washington to Join Gilead as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer | Gilead































			        Press Releases
		        





Home

                /

News

                /

Press Releases

                /

                Robin L. Washington to Join Gilead as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
            
















The information in this section is intended for visitors outside the United States.
Continue




News Search


Financial Releases


Corporate Releases


Product Releases







Robin L. Washington to Join Gilead as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

PDF Download



    FOSTER CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 21, 2008--Gilead
Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:GILD) today announced that Robin L. Washington
will join the company in May 2008 as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. Ms. Washington will report to John F. Milligan,
PhD, Gilead's Chief Operating Officer. She will oversee Gilead's
worldwide Finance and Investor Relations functions and will serve as a
member of Gilead's senior leadership team.
    "We are very excited to have a person with Robin's deep financial
expertise join the Gilead team," said Dr. Milligan. "Robin's
background will bring a unique perspective and knowledge base to
Gilead, and I look forward to working closely with her as we continue
to grow the Gilead organization and deliver more products to patients
around the world."
    Ms. Washington most recently served as Chief Financial Officer of
Hyperion Solutions, an enterprise software company that was acquired
by Oracle Corporation in March 2007. In this role, she was responsible
for all financial operations, investor relations and information
technology infrastructure and systems for Hyperion. Prior to Hyperion
Solutions, Ms. Washington spent nearly 10 years at PeopleSoft, a
provider of enterprise application software, most recently in the role
of Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, a position she held
from 1999 through 2005. She previously was a Director of Finance for
Tandem Computers, an Accounting Analyst for the Federal Reserve Bank
of Chicago and a Senior Auditor for Deloitte & Touche.
    Ms. Washington holds a bachelor's degree in business
administration from the University of Michigan and a MBA from
Pepperdine University.
    About Gilead Sciences
    Gilead Sciences is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers,
develops and commercializes innovative therapeutics in areas of unmet
medical need. The company's mission is to advance the care of patients
suffering from life-threatening diseases worldwide. Headquartered in
Foster City, California, Gilead has operations in North America,
Europe and Australia.
    This press release includes forward-looking statements, within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including risks
that Gilead will not experience continued growth in the future. The
reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.
These and other risks are described in detail in the Gilead Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 as filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking
statements are based on information currently available to Gilead and
Gilead assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.
    For more information on Gilead Sciences, please visit the
company's website at www.gilead.com or call Gilead Public Affairs at
1-800-GILEAD-5 or 1-650-574-3000.


    CONTACT: Gilead Sciences, Inc.
             Susan Hubbard, 650-522-5715 (Investors)
             Amy Flood, 650-522-5643 (Media)
             www.gilead.com

    SOURCE: Gilead Sciences, Inc.





































Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390120433149-345527748178870905
需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


 












Robin L. Washington, Gilead Sciences, Inc. CFO & EVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Robin L. Washington
CFO & EVP, Gilead Sciences, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Robin L. Washington at Gilead Sciences, Inc.. Robin L. Washington works as CFO & EVP , acting in a Executive Management role .  Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/18/2017:


5 Ways Gilead Sciences Could Spend Its Cash Hoard

..... Management has given us some clues to its expectations. On the first-quarter 2017 earnings call, CFO Robin Washington noted that "we are prioritizing the use of capital for investing in the long-term growth of our business, including partnerships and acquisitions." That implies management will be doing some combination of the first two ideas I noted, again probably with a focus on oncology or hematology. .....

People In This Article:
Kevin Young
,                                            Robin L. Washington
 

06/14/2017:


Key Takeaways from William Blair’s Annual Growth Stock Conference: Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD), Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL)

..... The analyst has a 52% success rate and realizes 18.9% in his annual returns.
Let’s take a closer look as to why Sonnier is casting bullish forecasts on Gilead and Exelixis:
Gilead’s HIV Franchise in Fighting Form Against the Competition
Gilead’s chief financial officer Robin Washington and executive vice president of commercial operations Jim Meyers presented at the conference, outlining a revenue pathway that could help Gilead steal market share away from its rivals. In reaction, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of GILD without listing a price target.
.....

People In This Article:
James R. Meyers
,                                            Robin L. Washington
 






Learn more about Robin L. Washington  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Robin L. Washington and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved


















































Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law - Snohomish, Washington




























	        Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law
		







USA






What are you looking for?
Where is it?








Search


Financial services, pizza delivery...
New York City, San Francisco...











Search companies
pictures
Add your business
Users Access




Trivok
Companies
Washington
Snohomish
Robin l Scott, Attorney at law - Snohomish, Washington






Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law - Snohomish, Washington

602 Maple Avenue Suite 208 WA 98290 Snohomish (Washington)





Tweet











Overview
How to get
Contact
Opinions









Contact with Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law company
Do you need more info about this company? Contact now


Ranking Robin l Scott, Attorney ...

134.829Trivok Rank
12.162Legal services & Attorneys



Robin l Scott, Attorney ... popularity

Online popularity: 17 / 100
Persons who visited this: 80.862



Categories

Advocates & Legal adviser
Bankruptcy Attorneys
Custody & Support Law Attorneys
Estate Planning & Administration Attorneys
Family Law Attorneys



 Are you the owner?
Improve your ranking and visibility in Trivok completing all the required information of your company.
Edit company data
Add the first company picture


Security Center
Report abuse


 I like this company
Print this page
Tell a friend
Be a fan
Share Business Card
Add this page to 'Favourites'


 You might also like...

Advocates & Legal adviser in Washington (40)
Bankruptcy Attorneys in Washington (120)
Custody & Support Law Attorneys in Washington (47)
Estate Planning & Administration Attorneys in Washington (231)
Family Law Attorneys in Washington (165)






Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law information

Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law: Attorneys business leader in Washington.


(360) 282-1655


www.robinlscott.com			    			    



				Find the Attorneys product you need at Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law.			








Do you know how to arrive here?







By clicking Street View you could virtually walk around nearby places and interesting zones close to Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law.









				    This company on your GPS: Latitude: 47.919229 Longitude: -122.088228
Distance from Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law to Snohomish center is 1020 yards




10.77 miles from Everett, WA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 16 minutes


10.81 miles from Lake Stevens, WA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 16 minutes


11.26 miles from Monroe, WA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 17 minutes


16.36 miles from Mukilteo, WA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 25 minutes






Trivok Level
(309 points)










Rate Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law services, quality and price using Trivok Level



Share your opinion with Trivok Community on Facebook










			Fill in this application form to contact with Robin L Scott, Attorney At Law :
		




1.- Contact information


* Name / Company
* Email 






Phone / Mobile
Province





- Select a province -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




2.- Query details


* Query reason



 Information & Inquiries  Request For Quotation  Make an appointment / Book  Exchange between businesses  


* Subject





* Message

















 I have read and accept the  Terms of Use  and the  Privacy Policy..



Send e-mail










From






For example: Central Park - New York City



Until
				602 Maple Avenue Suite 208
				WA 98290 Snohomish (Washington)




Select your State and find out how to get to Robin L Scott, Attorney at Law :

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

















Search companies
Add your business
Users Access






info@trivok.com | © 2012 Trivok.com



Business Services

Add your business 
Users Access
Contact



About Trivok

Legal notice
Privacy policy
Terms of use














Washington Robin L Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Washington Robin L
                    

•   BEAVERTON, OR
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Washington Robin L is based out of Beaverton.    WhaleWisdom has at least 35 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Washington Robin L. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Washington Robin L, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




washington robin l


PO BOX 500 (M/S 55-985)

BEAVERTON
OR
                                                        
                                                    97077-0001


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      9734552000
SEC SIC CODE:2836-BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS, (NO DISGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES)







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/05/2017
4 filed on 07/05/2017
4 filed on 05/24/2017
4 filed on 05/02/2017
4 filed on 04/26/2017
4 filed on 04/03/2017
4 filed on 03/02/2017
4 filed on 02/22/2017
4 filed on 02/21/2017
4 filed on 02/06/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















