

	WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT Trademark of Waterfall Asset Management, LLC. Serial Number: 85628481 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Waterfall Asset Management, LLC
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, asset advisory services and investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         asset   management   services      investment   management   services      asset   advisory   services   investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by Waterfall Asset Management, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10036.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Waterfall Asset Management, LLC of the WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Thursday, May 17, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT by 
                        Waterfall Asset Management, LLC, New York, NY  10036.
                        The USPTO has given the WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  85628481.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHELLE KAISER BRAY of 
                                            FAEGRE BAKER DANIELS LLP,  300 N MERIDIAN ST STE 2700, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46204-1750 
                                .
                            The WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                            is Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, asset advisory services and investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

4/6/2013






  Serial Number:  
85628481


  Filing Date:  
5/17/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, asset advisory services and investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the word WATERFALL in dark blue, with the words Asset Management, in light blue, centered underneath it, with a stylized representaion of a waterfall on the left side of the words.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Waterfall Asset Management, LLCNew York, NY  10036
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Waterfalls (Scenery  -  Scenery with water, rivers or streams) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHELLE KAISER BRAY
FAEGRE BAKER DANIELS LLP
300 N MERIDIAN ST STE 2700
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46204-1750






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/30/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
6/30/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/6/2013
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHELLE KAISER BRAY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search waterfallassetmanage on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT 




WATERFALL ASSET MANAGEMENT is providing Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, asset advisory services and investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Waterfall Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:16 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Waterfall Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Waterfall Asset Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and insurance companies. It manages separate-client focused portfolios. The firm invests fixed income markets across the globe. It invests in asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities. The firm employs distressed/vulture, loan, and absolute return strategy to make its investments. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to ma...
Waterfall Asset Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and insurance companies. It manages separate-client focused portfolios. The firm invests fixed income markets across the globe. It invests in asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities. The firm employs distressed/vulture, loan, and absolute return strategy to make its investments. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. Waterfall Asset Management, LLC was founded on November 30, 2004 and is based in New York City.
Detailed Description


1140 Avenue of the Americas7th FloorNew York, NY 10036United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 212-257-4600

Fax: 212-257-4699

www.waterfallam.com







Key Executives for Waterfall Asset Management, LLC




Mr. Thomas Edward Capasse


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Jack Jay Ross


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Brian Breakstone


      	Chief Financial officer
      








Mr. Crager Boardman


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. James Cuby


      	Co - Head of London 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Waterfall Asset Management, LLC Key Developments

Waterfall Asset Management, LLC Presents at Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-30-2017 02:45 PM
Mar 14 17
Waterfall Asset Management, LLC Presents at Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-30-2017 02:45 PM. Venue: The Carolina Inn, Chapel Hill, NC, United States. Speakers: Bruce Rodio, Managing Director.


Waterfall Asset Management Announces Establishment of London Office; Announces Executive Appointments
Mar 10 16
Waterfall Asset Management announced to establish a London office of Waterfall.

Messers Cuby and Malmer will act as co-heads of the office. Cuby and Malmer provide a wealth of experience within the structured credit sector and the banking industry, having spent the last ten years at Investec Bank PLC, where they established and ran Investec's Credit Investments business. Cuby and Malmer will seek to expand Waterfall's structured credit and direct lending business in the European market.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 4, 2017
			    
167,000 Square Foot Chemical Building



Private Placement

			      January 18, 2017
			    
BorrowersFirst, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      November 14, 2016
			    
721 Olive LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Waterfall Asset Management, LLC, please visit www.waterfallam.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Rick Herbst, Waterfall Asset Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Rick Herbst

CFO:Small Balance Commercial,
Waterfall Asset Management LLC






Career History




CFO:Small Balance Commercial
Waterfall Asset Management LLC, PRESENT







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Contact Us - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management














































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















Contact Us












Name *
Email *
Subject *
Message 


Company Headquarters







 Company Headquarters Waterfall Asset Management LLC
1140 Avenue of Americas, 7th Floor
New York, NY 10036

View Larger Map

Email
WAMinfo@waterfallam.com


Contact Number
(212) 257-4600


 





















Investment Team - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management













































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















Investment Team


MANAGING PARTNERSTOM CAPASSEJACK ROSSKEY EMPLOYEES







TOM CAPASSE
Tom Capasse is a managing partner and co-founder of Waterfall Asset Management. Mr. Capasse has over 30 years of structured credit experience globally, having founded, with Jack Ross, Merrill Lynch’s industry-leading ABS Group in the 1980s where they completed many first-time ABS issues and purchased non-performing loans from the Resolution Trust Corporation. Mr. Capasse subsequently managed structured credit Banking & Trading groups at Greenwich Capital, Nomura Securities, and Macquarie Securities. Mr. Capasse began his career as a Fixed Income Analyst at Dean Witter and Bank of Boston and received a B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1979.
JACK ROSS
Jack Ross is a managing partner and co-founder of Waterfall Asset Management. Mr. Ross has over 30 years of ABS and structured credit experience, having completed some of the earliest ABS issues at Drexel Burnham Lambert and co-founded Merrill Lynch’s ABS Group with Tom Capasse. Mr. Ross subsequently managed International Real Estate Debt at Merrill Lynch and founded Licent Capital, a specialty broker/dealer for intellectual property securitization. Mr. Ross began his career as a CPA with Laventhol & Horwath and received a B.S. from the University of Buffalo in 1978 and his MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in 1984.
 KEY EMPLOYEES 

Portfolio Management
Thomas Buttacavoli
Patrick Lo
Brian Rebello
GENERAL COUNSEL
Kenneth Nick


Chief Financial Officer
Brian Breakstone
Chief Operating Officer
Crager Boardman
Chief Technology Officer
Ronen Rub
CFO-Small Balance Commercial Loan Strategy
Rick Herbst


HEAD OF LOAN ACQUISITIONS
Daniel Ostersehlte
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Russ Andrews randrews@waterfallam.com (212) 257-4612
Sharon Eliran seliran@waterfallam.com  (212) 257-4614
Bruce Rodio brodio@waterfallam.com  (212) 257-4675


 



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Investment Strategies / Products - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management













































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















Investment Strategies / Products


HIGH-YIELD ASSET BACKED SECURITIESLOAN OPPORTUNITY STRATEGYSMALL BALANCE COMMERCIAL LOANS







 HIGH-YIELD ASSET BACKED SECURITIES Despite the recovery in the multi-trillion dollar global Asset Backed Securities (ABS) market since the depths of the financial crisis, hundreds of billions of dollars of legacy distressed ABS remain outstanding.  Waterfall is strategically positioned to leverage the expertise and experience of its founding principals – Tom Capasse and Jack Ross – who established Merrill Lynch’s ABS Group in the 1980s and created many of the first securitizations.  The investable universe of ABS includes over 60 sectors and extends well beyond traditional structured credit – notably residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS).  Waterfall seeks relative value across the entire market, particularly esoteric sectors, examples of which include timeshares receivables, small balance commercial mortgages and reverse mortgages.
In addition to its multi-sector focus, Waterfall is one of the few ABS specialists to source product through three distinct channels: the distressed secondary markets, new issue market and purchase/securitization of whole loans. The firm seeks to create a considerable new issue pipeline through existing direct relationships with specialty finance companies and an expansive network of brokers. Waterfall’s high-yield strategy has the ability to employ leverage and Waterfall actively seeks to hedge both interest rate and credit (tail) risk.
The Waterfall High-Yield ABS strategy seeks to invest in assets with the following characteristics:

Strong absolute return
High current cash flow
Inflation-resistant (floating-rate)
Low correlation and volatility

 LOAN OPPORTUNITY STRATEGY Waterfall’s Loan Opportunity Strategy targets strong absolute returns through investment in distressed consumer and commercial loans. These loans are primarily acquired through banks as part of their post-crisis, de-leveraging process. Waterfall’s multi-sector loan servicing capabilities allow the strategy to adopt the same relative value approach as our ABS strategy: opportunistically targeting loan sectors in which complexity and lack of buyers enables low acquisition prices with strong resolution potential. The Loan Opportunity Strategy is actively managed and seeks to drive returns through capital gains from loan liquidations and sustainable cash flows.
The initial strategy focused on residential non-performing loans with subsequent expansion into other loan sectors, including small balance commercial and reverse mortgage loans. The strategy may seek to enhance returns through the use of non-recourse leverage via securitization.
 SMALL BALANCE COMMERCIAL LOANS As of December 2012, the Small Balance Commercial (SBC) loan sector of the real estate market was $588 billion. The credit crisis left approximately 35% credit-distressed and the exit of most lenders reduced SBC origination volume by approximately 50%. The SBC strategy seeks to capitalize on sector’s distress through the purchase of credit-distressed legacy SBC portfolios (primarily offered in the market by community banks continuing to restructure post-credit crisis); and the origination of new SBC loans funded in the securitization market. An underserved niche market, Waterfall seeks SBC loans which generally possess the following characteristics:

Approximately $750,000 average principal balance
First-lien, real-estate secured
Investor-owned real estate including mixed use, multi-family, retail and office or owner-occupied business loans

Since 2008, through its comprehensive SBC platform, Waterfall has purchased approximately $1 billion in loan assets nationwide. The firm’s expertise is founded upon the deep experience of its principals, who began actively investing in SBC loans in the early 1990s. Waterfall’s SBC strategy seeks to enhance returns through non-recourse leverage via the issuance of asset backed securities backed by SBC loans.
To view the Sutherland Asset Management Corporation Road Show presentation please use this link:
www.netroadshow.com/nrs/wp/default.html?show=edcC94 
 





















News & Awards - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management














































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















News & Awards


NEWSAWARDS







 NEWS Sutherland-ZAIS Merger Press ReleasePDF | Sutherland Asset Management Announces Silverthread Capital LLCPDF | Waterfall Announces London OfficePDF | New Lenders Enter Property Market and Think SmallPDF | ReadyCap Lending, Subsidiary of Sutherland REIT, Aquires SBA Ownership and LicensePDF | Jack Ross, Waterfall Asset Management co-founder, discusses with P&I’s Christine Williamson at the SALT Conference what he calls “off the run” asset backed securitiesCommon Stock; REIT to Invest in Small-Balance Commercial Loan AssetsPDF | Waterfall and Dyal Capital Partners Announce Transfer of Minority InterestPDF |  AWARDS 2013
Hedge Funds Review – Americas Award
Best Directional Hedge Fund Over 3 Years
2012
HFM Performance Awards
Fixed Income
2010
AR Awards
Fund of the year HY and Emerging Market Debt
 
  


















Waterfall Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Waterfall Asset Management, LLC


Waterfall Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 137746) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $6,258,931,063 in 38 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Waterfall Asset Management, LLC




1140 Avenue Of The Americas, 7th Floor,
New York,
NY
10036
212-257-4600
http://www.waterfallam.com




http://www.waterfallam.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

6,259
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

38
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$164,708,712







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NY, TX






Financial Advisors at Waterfall Asset Management, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Home - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management














































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.
































About Us - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management













































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















About Us


Our CompanyTimeline







 Our Company Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit advisor focused on High Yield Asset Backed Security (ABS) and loan investments. Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who were early leaders of the ABS industry, and who have 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing experience. Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40+ ABS sectors in which Waterfall invests. Waterfall has approximately $6.8 billion* in assets under management.
Waterfall utilizes a relative value approach to investing in structured credit and loan products. Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and talented portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases ABS and loan investments across multiple sectors globally in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile. This multi-sector specialization in both ABS and loans enables Waterfall to seek to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are generally uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors.
Waterfall Asset Management’s headquarter offices are located in New York City.
*As of 3/31/17
 

1980’s

Tom Capasse and Jack Ross are early leaders of the ABS market, establishing the ABS desk at Merrill Lynch.

Tom Capasse Bio
Jack Ross Bio


Capasse and Ross lead the first deals in many of the 40+ sectors being securitized today.
Advised on and purchase non-performing loan assets from Resolution Trust Corporation.


2005

Capasse and Ross found Waterfall and introduce the Firm’s High Yield ABS Strategy.

High-Yield ABS Strategy




2007

Waterfall launches its Loan Opportunity Strategy with an initial focus on residential Non-Performing Loans (NPL) and Small Balance Commercial Mortgage Loans. The firm’s assets under management increase to $1 billion AA-rated non-recourse senior noted issued.

Loan Opportunity Strategy




2009

Waterfall introduces separately managed ABS accounts.



2010

Through its NPL strategy, Waterfall issues non-recourse senior notes secured by NPLs.



2011

Waterfall launches stand-alone Small Balance Commercial Loan Strategy and issues first SBC ABS since credit crisis.

Small Balance Commercial Loan Strategy




2015

Waterfall’s assets under management reach over $5 billion and the firm grows to over 70 employees. Approximately 70% of the current client/investor base comprises pension and sovereign wealth funds.



 





















BBB Business Profile | BuyerZone.com, LLC

























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Administrative Services
 > 
BuyerZone.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






BuyerZone.com, LLC



Request a Quote

































BuyerZone.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 393-5000

BuyerZone.com, LLC
25 years in business

        225 Wyman St
        Waltham, MA 02451-1209
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (617) 868-5757
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            custcare@buyerzone.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 06/10/2003
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1992


                Business Incorporated: 12/31/2010 in MA





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Maureen McCarthy, Customer Care Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Administrative Services
            




                            NAICS: Electronic Shopping
                        

                            Internet Services
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories








            Service Area
        
         ALABAMA, ALASKA, ARIZONA, ARKANSAS, CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, HAWAII, IDAHO, ILLINOIS, INDIANA, IOWA, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, LOUISIANA, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, MISSISSIPPI, MISSOURI, MONTANA, NEBRASKA, NEVADA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NEW JERSEY, NEW MEXICO, NEW YORK, NORTH CAROLINA, NORTH DAKOTA, OHIO, OKLAHOMA, OREGON, PENNSYLVANIA, RHODE ISLAND, SOUTH CAROLINA, SOUTH DAKOTA, TENNESSEE, TEXAS, UTAH, VERMONT, VIRGIN ISLANDS, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA, WISCONSIN, WYOMING

    






                    Number of Employees: 
                
                75
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


BuyerZone.com, LLC is an e-market place for business to business purchasing. The company offers procurement advice and a free request for quote tool set for 100 types of business purchases including office equipment , HR services, office furniture, internet services, telecommunications equipment, marketing services and retail products and services. 


Let's socialize:




























 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.

Customer Reviews  are not used in the calculation of the BBB Rating.














Business Profile
















Hours of Operation:





                
M: 12:00 AM-12:00 AM 











BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























BuyerZone.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                BuyerZone.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 06/10/2003










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[0] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[6] Negative Reviews



[6] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[5] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        BuyerZone.com, LLC has received 3.68 out of 5 stars based on 6 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print


































































This content is provided by the business and may contain advertising. BBB does not review or endorse this content.


Tweets by BuyerZone.com, LLC

















×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






























 








