

Andrew Watt, Capella Education Co: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Andrew Watt

Senior VP:Post-Secondary Education,
Capella Education Co






Career History




Senior VP:Post-Secondary Education
Capella Education Co, 11/2016-PRESENT


VP:Colleges & University Ops
Capella Education Co, 2002-11/2016


Chief Operating Officer
Capella University, 2014-UNKNOWN









Website:
www.capellaeducationcompany.com






Corporate Information
Address:

225 South Sixth Street
9 Floor
Minneapolis, MN 55402
United States


Phone:
1-888-227-3552


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.capellaeducationcompany.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































Andrew M Watt Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Dr. Andrew Watt, MD - San Francisco, CA - Plastic Surgery & Orthopedic Hand Surgery & Orthopedic Surgery | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Andrew Watt, MD(7)Make an AppointmentRequest an AppointmentLogin MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Andrew Watt, MDSavePlastic Surgery  |  Male  |  38 y/o(7)Contact provider for availabilityDr. Andrew Watt, MD is a plastic surgery doctor who practices in San Francisco, CA.  He is 38 years old and has been practicing for 12 years.  Dr. Watt is affiliated with Saint Francis Memorial Hospital.This provider is brought to you by and on medical staff atNew Patients(415) 578-1768Make an AppointmentRequest an AppointmentLeave a ReviewPlastic Surgery Institute45 Castro St Ste 121San Francisco, CA 94114Get DirectionsNew Patients(415) 578-1768Existing PatientsShow NumberAccepted insuranceAetnaBlue Cross Blue ShieldBlue Cross Blue Shield of CaliforniaCigna






 




Learn about Dr. WattDr. Watt's Experience0%ExperienceMatchDr. Watt's experience matches your search based on the following criteria:Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 monthsSpecializes in Plastic SurgeryNo malpractice claims foundNo sanctions foundNo board actions found2SpecialtiesPlastic SurgeryOrthopedic Hand Surgery0Board CertificationsWhy it matters: Dr. Watt's Board CertificationsDr. Watt does not have any board certifications listed.Board CertificationsWhy It Matters: Dr. Watt's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the United States.Board certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which he or she practices. A board-certified doctor is more likely than a non-board-certified doctor to have the most current skills and knowledge about how to treat your medical condition.9Conditions TreatedBenign TumorBreast DiseasesCancerGastrointestinal DiseasesGynecomastiaMoles (Benign Skin Lesions)Pulmonary DiseaseSkin CancerThird-Degree Burns6ProceduresAdjacent Tissue TransferDressing and-or Debridement of Wound, Infection, or Burn (incl. Negative Pressure Wound Therapy)Excision of Benign Skin LesionExcision of Skin LesionSkin GraftsWound RepairBackground Check0 Malpractice ClaimsWhat is medical malpractice?No malpractice history found for California.Background CheckWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0 SanctionsWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?No sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.Background CheckWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0 Board ActionsWhat are board actions?No board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.Background CheckWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.EducationUNIV OF MI MED SCHMedical School | Graduated 2005Awards & RecognitionWhat is a recognized doctor?Awards & HonorsDr. Watt has no awards or honors listed.Media & PublicationsDr. Watt has no media or publications listed.Awards & RecognitionWhat is a recognized doctor?Healthgrades Recognized Doctor designation identifies leading doctors who:Are board certified.Have not had their license surrendered or revoked since Healthgrades started collecting data in 2000.Have no malpractice judgments, adverse arbitration awards, or monetary settlements for the last five years in the states in which Healthgrades can collect malpractice data.Are free of state or federal disciplinary actions (sanctions) for the last five years.Healthgrades updates the Recognized Doctor list quarterly based on board certification data. Healthgrades also receives sanction and malpractice data throughout the year, depending on how frequently the state medical boards release updates. We remove a newly sanctioned doctor from the Recognized Doctor list as soon as we receive the information. However, it is important to note that malpractice information is publically available in only 14 states.Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Watt does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Watt and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.Make an AppointmentRequest an AppointmentDr. Watt's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Watt to family and friends5.0 based on 7 total reviews (1 with a comment)Leave a reviewDr. Watt's PerformanceTrustworthinessEXCELLENTExplains condition(s) wellEXCELLENTAnswers QuestionsEXCELLENTTime well spentEXCELLENTOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingEXCELLENTOffice environmentEXCELLENTStaff friendlinessEXCELLENTAverage wait time 10 to 15 minutesPatient Comments (1)55-Lorelei S in San Francisco, CA | Jan 20, 2017Dr Watt is an expert surgeon and a very kind and informative physician.  I liked the way he presented information to me about my medical problem, and he did a great job with my surgery.  The office is efficient, faxing information to me the same day of my request.  I have no complaints about the care I've received with Dr Watt and recommend him highly for injuries and conditions of the hand and wrist.Have you seen Dr. Andrew Watt, MD?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Watt?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Post your responseOverall Patient Satisfaction7responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Watt to family and friends is 5 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Watt?Leave a ReviewVisit Dr. WattMake an AppointmentRequest an AppointmentDr. Watt accepts 4 insurance carriersAetnaAetna HMOChoice Plus POS IIBlue Cross Blue ShieldBlue Card PPOBlue Cross Blue Shield of CaliforniaBlue Cross Blue Shield of California PPOCignaCigna HMOHospitals where Dr. Watt has admitting privilegesSaint Francis Memorial Hospital900 Hyde StSan Francisco, CA 94109View Hospital ProfileSee all plastic surgeons in San Francisco, CA































Andrew E. Watt - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Andrew E. Watt
Former Senior Vice President, Post-Secondary Education at Capella Education Company


View Full Profile
Are you Andrew E. Watt? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Andrew E. Watt's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Andrew E. Watt's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Andrew E. Watt's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Andrew E. Watt through your network of contacts.
												








Andrew E. Watt's Executive Work History


Past
To view Andrew E. Watt's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
39

 
 


Andrew E. Watt's Biography



Andrew E. Watt joined our company in 2002. He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Post-Secondary Education on November 9, 2016. Prior to being promoted, he served as vice president of Colleges and University Operations and Capella University's chief operations officer since 2014. He has held a variety of leadership positions across the university, including roles in Operations, Finance, Analytics and our Markets & Products team. Before joining Capella, he worked in transaction advisory services at both Deloitte & Touche LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Watt graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a bachelor's degree in finance a ...
(Read More)

			Andrew E. Watt joined our company in 2002. He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Post-Secondary Education on November 9, 2016. Prior to being promoted, he served as vice president of Colleges and University Operations and Capella University's chief operations officer since 2014. He has held a variety of leadership positions across the university, including roles in Operations, Finance, Analytics and our Markets & Products team. Before joining Capella, he worked in transaction advisory services at both Deloitte & Touche LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Watt graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a bachelor's degree in finance and accounting.
		
Source: Capella Education Company on 02/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Andrew E. Watt's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Andrew E. Watt. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Andrew E. Watt's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Andrew E. Watt's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Andrew E. Watt through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Andrew E. Watt


















Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















WATT-MAN™ Products | The LED Lamp - WATT-MAN™ LED Lighting












WATT-MAN L.E.D. Lighting
Toll Free 1-800-296-3948


HOME
ABOUTWATT-MAN
WHYUSE LED?
GLOSSARYOF TERMS
CONTACTWATT-MAN









High Bay Lamps




Our Products














Digital PDF CatalogueDownload 1 MB
Adobe Reader is required. FREE download.




New LED Products - 1


LED Exit Sign Retrofit Lamps - 2


Red LED Lamps


Green LED Lamps


White LED Lamps


LED Edge-Lit Exit Sign Retrofit


Exit Sign Retrofit Accessories




LED Night Light Lamps - 3


LED Step Light Lamps - 4


LED Signal Beacon Lamps - 5


LED Utility Lamp - 6


LED Bank Lane Signal Products - 7


LED Loading Dock Products - 8


LED Control Panel Lamps - 9






LED PL Can Lights Horizontal - 10




LED PL Can Lights Omnidirectional - 11




LED Security Detention Lamps - 12


LED PL13 Task Light Lamps - 13


LED CFL Replacement Lamps - 14


LED PL13 Under-Cabinet - 15


LED PL Wall Sconce Lamps - 16


LED PL13 Hospital Bed Lamp - 17


LED Fire Extinguisher Signals - 18


LED Bollard Lamps - 19


LED Wall Pack Lamps - 20


LED Post Top Lamps - 21


LED Shoe Box Lamp - 22


LED High Bay Lamps - 23


Inventory Close Out


Wattman Warranty






LED Solutions
​An office complex wanted to reduce energy consumed by 100-watt metal halide lamps in walkway bollard fixtures without sacrificing lumen output and eliminate failing ballasts.
View All Case Studies >>



WATT-MAN™ Products

Home :: LED High Bay Lamps - 23      

Learn More AboutPurchasing Options




Fill out the form below for more information about these products. All fields are required.

Don't put anything here




Company Name*



Full Name*



Phone*



Email*






LED High Bay Lamps - 23






LED 80-watt High Bay Retrofit Lamp
HBL80-120/277MOG
View Product Details&rtrif;







LED 100-watt High Bay Retrofit Lamp
HBL100-120/277MOG
View Product Details&rtrif;







LED 120-watt High Bay Retrofit Lamp
HBL120-120/277MOG
View Product Details&rtrif;











1 Morton Drive, Suite 506 Charlottesville, VA 22903 | (800) 296-3948 | t: (434) 979-6377 | f: (434) 979-6410
              © 2017 WATT-MANTM | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy








































Andrew Watt | Home









Skip to main content
































 


Burning Man
Ft. Post Malone

Buy Now 











X








 














Video of watt - Burning Man ft. Post Malone (Official Music Video)



 

Burning Man  ft. Post MalonePlay Video  



 


Photos


 












 














 














 














 














 














 














 














 




View More

 



 










Join The Mailing List


Email Address *



Zip Code *








Subscribe to Email Updates From:
 Watt 


 Republic Records 


 Universal Music Group 


By submitting this form, you agree to the Universal Music Group Privacy Policy.
Leave this field blank 


 










































Watt Andrew E - Capella Education Company Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsWatt Andrew ECapella Education Company (CPLA)Senior Vice President Not RankedWatt Andrew E's PerformanceWatt Andrew E has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Capella Education Company (CPLA)$487KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesCapella Education Company (CPLA): Senior Vice PresidentSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Watt Andrew E's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateCPLACapella Education CompanySenior Vice President$486,991Uninformative Buy$376,708.1May 01, 2017Watt Andrew E has not reported any informative transactions for CPLA, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 May 01, 2017 Uninformative Buy $377K 5,220 $95.055 N/A  Mar 01, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 1,293 $76.334 N/A  Feb 23, 2017 Uninformative Sell $21K 276 $74.898 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by



























Product Photography - Part 2: Lighting & Background










































































AndrewMinalto.comeCommerce Expert & Business Coach 







 

October 10, 2013 by Andrew Minalto 32 Comments Product Photography – Part 2: Lighting & Background

Following up on last week’s post (Product Photography, Part 1 – Cameras), today we’re taking a closer look at the lighting and background set-up needed to get those perfect product pictures.
In my opinion this is actually the most important post in this product photography series and it’s something most sellers completely overlook. But with just a little education on the subject, you’ll be able to create a mini photo studio that helps you create stunning product pictures! So without further ado, let’s get started.
Backgrounds
To create beautiful product pictures, you need to use some sort of background. Why? Well to get rid of distractions and background ‘noise’ and allow your product to be the only feature of your pictures. Okay, if you’re selling something like a car, you won’t need to put it on a white background, lol, but in most cases you’ll want to use it – be it for small, medium or large products.
If you take a look on eBay, you’ll find plenty of amateurish looking pictures of products on wrinkled bed sheets and while this may be okay if you’re just selling some unwanted items from around your house, business sellers should really take more care in how they present their products. And the key to this is a good background set up!
The first thing that comes to most people’s minds are so called Lightboxes – you can get them on eBay and online shops in various sizes and settings – with the cheapest starting at just £20 or so and the most expensive, super-sized versions costing several hundred pounds.
Lightbox from TableTopStudio.com
Here’s the thing – You DON’T NEED THEM!
That’s right; you don’t need to purchase a lightbox to take outstanding product pictures. I’d actually recommend you stay away from them as they will only complicate your life, seriously! Theoretically they work ok BUT only if you have very powerful lights to get the box well exposed. And even then, I can’t see any reason why you would want to use a lightbox at all.
I have purchased several of them in the past and after some trial and error, haven’t touched them.
Have you ever seen any professional photo studio that uses lightboxes? I haven’t either and there must be a reason why professionals don’t use them – they’re more harm than good with the wrinkles and shadows they create.
To create a seamless background for your product photography set-up, all you need is a large sheet of paper or fabric. That’s it!
In most cases paper will work best as it has no wrinkles and is very cheap to buy + you can get any colour you want. Fabric can also be used but only if you want to create some sort of special effect, like a textured background.
For small to medium sized items, simply get as big a sheet of white paper as you can find. Most craft shops carry these in sizes up to A0 (118.9 cm x 84.1 cm) and if you’re lucky you can even find 2A0 or 4A0 sheets, which are gigantic. But for most people A0 is all you really need.
And here’s what you need to do to create a quick studio set-up – use a chair, table (surface) with something behind it (books, DVDs, boxes – whatever) so you can lay down half of the sheet on the surface and align the other half vertically to create a seamless transition from front to back. Secure the top side of the paper with paper clips or clamps.
It should look something like this:
Background set-up for small items
There are special stands you can purchase online if you want but seriously, you don’t need them! If you put this little set-up together from stuff that’s already in your house, then you keep the cost down and most importantly; can then customise your set-up whenever it’s required.
That’s all there is to it really – this may look too simple to work well but trust me, you don’t need anything more to take superb product images for your eBay or eCommerce shop. The key elements are a pure white background, no hard corners/edges and a seamless transition behind the item.
Sample image taken with this small set-up 
For larger and bulkier items, when A0 size paper is too small, you will want to buy a larger paper roll. This is the same thing used by professional photographers in their studios and can be freely purchased online. Expect to pay £40-£50 for a roll that will last you decades. Various sizes and colours are available from online shops like Photography-Backgrounds.co.uk and many others.
You’ll also find stand systems there which will make your life much easier when handling such large backgrounds. Or just search for them on eBay as prices will be cheaper. If you can’t afford to buy a stand, simply create one yourself. All you really need is some way to attach the paper to your ceiling and then you can simply roll it out onto the floor to create that curved angle.
Expandable curtain bars can be used for this, as showed in this guide!

There are also vinyl and fabric rolls available but they will be more expensive and suitable more for people photography rather than products. And again, you don’t really need them unless you want to create a specific effect.
Colour wise, the rules are pretty simple:

For white goods and see through goods (like glass / crystal) use a black background
For everything else – pure white

This is a set-up you can’t go wrong with. Obviously, you’re not obligated to stick with this and if you really feel that you must use PINK instead of a white background, use it! Just be careful not to overdo it. White still works best in 99% of cases so maybe it’s best to stick with what works?
In some niches though you may want to experiment a little bit to create a unique look for your images. This can be especially worthwhile on eBay – for gallery images. Since no text and graphics are allowed in gallery images, the background is something you can use to stand out from the crowd.
For example, you sell widget X with 30 competing listings – all using a white background. You could use a different colour/material background to make your pictures stand out in the search results. But be careful – you definitely don’t want your item to get lost in the background – the product should still be clearly visible and the focus of your pictures.
Here are some alternate background materials you can use:
* Wood
 * Glass
 * Tile
 * Fabric
Wood is perfect for emphasising the organic/natural feature of a product. This could be organic food (like in the example below) or handmade jewellery.

Tiles are perfect for creating an interesting reflection effect. For example, black gloss/shiny tiles are perfect for jewellery, watches and other metallic products as it will create a reflection in the images. All you need to achieve this is one large floor tile, with a gloss finish.
An even more interesting effect can be achieved with stone materials or gloss tiles with stone designs. These would be perfect for bathroom accessories and similar products.
So while white and black paper is your number one choice, using other materials and colours can be great way to create unique product images that will stand out in eBay’s search results as well as feature your item in the environment which suits it best.
Lighting
So that’s the camera and background sorted. What else is needed to create stunning product pictures?
LIGHT! The more you can get the better (up to a certain degree).
Lighting is that one thing most newbie sellers don’t pay attention to AT ALL and it’s the reason their product pictures turn out dull, blurry and with lots of shadows. Not anymore! By following this guide you’ll be able to set-up your home studio in the same way professionals do, just without the high price tag.
You’ll need to invest some money though as unless you’re ready to go for the FREE option (taking pictures outside, which we’ll cover later), without buying some sort of equipment, it will be very hard to achieve decent results.
Most cameras come with a built in Flash. The bad news however is that they are not suitable for product photography at all, particularly with smaller items. Built in flash systems simply don’t deliver as much light as you need in product photography + it distributes light un-evenly, creating shadows around your item – which is something you definitely want to avoid.
So what options are there?
That depends on your budget really so I’ll cover several solutions:
1) Flash/Strobe kit (£150-£200+)
This is the best option if you can afford it. These are similar systems to ones used by professional photographers. Obviously, they use more expensive and more powerful branded kits but for product photography even these cheaper China made sets are perfectly fine.
The way these flash kits work is that you attach a receiver to your cameras flash mount shoe and it will “communicate” with all strobes simultaneously and fire them when needed.
This set-up will only work if you have a DSLR camera though as compact cameras usually don’t have hot shoe connectors for external flash units and even if they do (some models); chances are they won’t be able to communicate with such a complex set-up.
The best place to buy such a kit is on eBay – you can get starter packs for as cheap as £150 and more advanced kits for around £200.
What to look for in such a kit?
* How powerful is the flash output, in watts? The more the better really… 200-300w PER flash head is ideal. Don’t worry – there’s no such thing as too much as these flash heads have variable power adjustment which lets you manually adjust the output power (for close up pictures for example).
* How many flash heads there are in the kit? You’ll need 3 (right, left and top).
* Soft boxes/umbrellas. These help distribute the light evenly so are a MUST HAVE accessory. I like umbrellas more than soft boxes as they tend to give more light.
* Stands. Ideally stands for the flash heads and soft boxes/umbrellas should be included so you don’t have to buy them separately.
Perfect kit for product photography. Click Here for this eBay listing.
So this would be the perfect set-up for any online seller. This is a one-time investment in your business so think twice before opting for a cheaper alternative.
Obviously, for some people; even £150 is too much to spend on a lighting kit right now, so what to do?
2) Use regular lighting fixtures with powerful daylight bulbs!
It can be a desk lamp or a clamp-on lamp – either will work just fine. The bigger the reflective area of the lamp and the more powerful the bulb, the better!
With bulbs be careful though – you need the “DAYLIGHT” type of bulbs that produce 5500K (white light). If you use traditional bulbs, they’ll produce a yellowish colour light and many LED bulbs will produce a slightly blue-ish tint. Just tell the sales person that you need daylight bulbs, as powerful as you can get (just read the label and make sure your fixtures can accommodate what you’re buying!).
If you’re buying these online, most sites will have the colour temperature in the product descriptions.
In total you’ll need 3 units – right, left and top. You’ll also need to figure out how to position them properly – so a cheap tripod or other stand is a must have. We’ll talk more about positioning of lights in next week’s article.
If you shop smart, you should be able to get all this done for less than 50 quid, maybe even 30 quid if you already have some light fixtures you can use for this purpose. It can’t get any cheaper, right? Wrong! There’s one more, totally FREE option to explore…
3) The SUN!
Yep, the last option would be to simply take your product pictures outside and use natural lighting. You don’t even need a sunny day for this (plenty of them in the UK, right?) – as even on cloudy days there’s usually enough light outside to take good pictures and with a little editing you can get pretty decent results this way.
The downside to this is that you obviously have no control over your set-up – if it rains, you can’t take pictures. I also wouldn’t want to do this in winter…. but for some people this may work, especially if you live somewhere else other than the UK.
You can actually use natural daylight WITHOUT leaving your house. What you do is simply position your photo studio nearby a window, so that you get plenty of light from it. This will work best on sunny days when it’s bright outside but unfortunately on cloudy days you just won’t get enough light coming into your room.
We’ll talk about this more in the Editing lesson (Part 4 of this series) but for now, just so you know, you don’t have to get your images looking perfect on your camera. Lots of things can be adjusted afterwards using photo editing software. For example, your lighting set-up may create a slightly greyish look – that’s not a problem as in most cases that can be adjusted afterwards using Levels and White Balance functions.
Whatever you do, get lighting right as it will then be super easy to get good pictures even with cheaper cameras (possibly even smartphones!). A good lighting set-up means that the item is evenly lit, with NO shadows around it (hence why we use three light units – right side, left side and top) as it will be difficult to remove shadows later on.
Next week we’ll take a closer look at the actual product photography process, how to allocate lighting units, what settings to use, how to handle your camera and much more!
Thanks,
 Andrew




 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 

Click here to Leave a Comment32 comments




Ted Hawksworth says 
February 21, 2016 at 7:33 pm 

Hi Andrew ..
I found your blog whilst searching the net on ideas to photograph my military models.. I’ve been using the same background technique as you describe with the white card
I”m just using 3 desk lamps to light the subjects and have found some white 5500k bulbs on eBay of various wattages. Could you advise of a suitable wattage for this type of work please

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
February 22, 2016 at 4:07 am 

Hi Ted,
The more, the better! You can always move lights further away from the object but I would say some 1500 watt kit will be enough! (500w each bulb – right, left, top).
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply








paul bisiker says 
January 31, 2016 at 10:16 am 

Hi Andrew ive been given your blog from a fellow ebay & say your the best 1 to give me some advice 🙂
i sell clothing on ebay which are usually on a dummy or coat hanger,, heres my link to my ebay store
http://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/british-emporium-clothing/m.html?item=252195687973&hash=item3ab808ce25&rt=nc&_trksid=p2047675.l2562
ive just converted my 12x8ft garden shed into a photo room,ive put white board all inside the framework & put a white lino on the floor,now
i need to know which lights to buy to lighten the room up & would it be better to get tube lighting or rounded spotlights as the ceiling is “V” shaped 
ive also got 2 softboxes is it best to have these furthest from the dummy at an angle in front facing the dummy as the shed is only 8ft wide and if i pit at each side on the dummy they look to close to it
ive also got a canon 1100D dlsr with basic lens as i was told this was sufficent
i hope you can help as ive been trying to sort my pictures out for 5 years
regards Paul

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
February 1, 2016 at 5:42 am 

Hi Paul,
Whatever lights work best for you, as long as they’re “day-light” spec lamps.
Yes, you can use soft boxes that way BUT ideally you would have two more/small ones you can use close to item, on both sides to eliminate any shadowing.
Andrew

Reply








Sunita Shrestha says 
January 12, 2016 at 1:46 am 

Thanks Andrew for sharing all this. Its great to know, has add value to my to be start business. I will take all of the information in account.

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
January 12, 2016 at 6:15 am 

You’re welcome Sunita! 🙂

Reply








Chris says 
October 27, 2015 at 6:50 pm 

Dear Andrew
Thanks for all the above info! 
– Is plotter paper (white paper, 80gr) suitable for product photography? 
– Is seamless paper different?
Thanks in advance!
Chris

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
October 28, 2015 at 5:40 am 

Hi Chris,
Yes, 80r paper should be fine, as long as it’s pure white.
Yes, seamless paper would be better as it has non-reflective surface.
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply








Gerald Zuckerwar says 
January 12, 2015 at 6:56 pm 

I finally figured out how to make the background of my product pictures pure white!  First, it helps (but is not required) to set the white balance of your camera.  It really doesn’t matter what lighting you use; I use about 10 CFL bulbs and over expose my shots by two steps.  So take a picture of a pure white background and set that as your white color.  Then, affter you take your picture, analyze the actual color of your white background using the free and excellent ColorCop software.  With this tool you you can place an eyedropper anywhere on the image and it will give you the exact R,G,B values.  Pure white is 255,255,255.  Next, open the image up with the free and excellent FastStone Image Viewer.  This software has an “adjust colors” function (move the cursor to the left of the screen for a pop-up menu).  Simply increase each of the R,G,B values to get 255.  For example if your RGB was 234,247,248 you would add 12 to red, 8 to green and 7 to blue.  Then save your image with the new adjustments.  Your background will now be pure white.

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
January 13, 2015 at 6:47 am 

Thanks for sharing this Gerald, excellent tips!
Andrew

Reply








Tim says 
December 26, 2014 at 12:46 am 

Hello Andrew,
First of all, thanks for sharing this valuable information. I’ve looked for a while for a detailed guide on how to take professional looking product pictures and you’ve done an amazing job !
I started with a lightbox kit sold on Amazon and quickly realized that the 2×15 Watts lamps provided with the kit was a joke. I bought 2 new lamps of 2×55 Watts (5500k), but it still feels like it’s not enough ! I’m shooting sunglasses, and it’s a nightmare to shoot black models… Never enough light so I ended up putting my 2×15 Watts inside the box !
After reading this post, I’m seriously considering ditching that damn lightbox as you suggest 😉
I’m using a DSLR (Nikon D60) with the original lens. For a while, I thought the issue might be with the lens… that maybe I needed a macro but the cost is just ridiculous… Do you think it’s really necessary?
I’m considering going with strobes now and getting rid of that box… Would you advise also getting these shooting tables or are they unnecessary?
Anyways, thanks again for the valuable and actionable information you are sharing on your website (I wish I read you post sooner!).
Looking forward to your advise.
Regards,
Tim,

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
December 29, 2014 at 7:57 am 

Hi Tim,
No, your standard lens is not the problem. Lack of light is.
So you should get much better results with strobes. 
And no – you don’t need a shooting table – just use a large piece of white paper, just like in my example as a background and get decent lights.
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply








oren says 
September 8, 2014 at 12:38 pm 

Hello,
First of all, thank you for sharing your knowledge …
My name is Oren, and I am a seller in the jewelry field, at the moment I takephotos of my products  through the iPhone without any accompanying accessories.
In order to improve the images I want to buy a better light accessories, but I feel confused all the products that field.
I would love guidance for  photography products that fits for shooting jewelry,
 as well as your mind about the following product: 
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Professional-Portable-Mini-Photo-Studio-Box-Photography-Backdrop-built-in-Light-/121055524129?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item1c2f78b521#ht_1100wt_1153
Thank you

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
September 8, 2014 at 1:02 pm 

Hi Oren,
Take a look @ this company:
http://www.tabletopstudio.com/jewelry_photography.html
They have various products/accessories for jewellery photography as well as very detailed guides.
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply






oren says 
September 8, 2014 at 1:31 pm 

thanks!

Reply










Daniel Reynolds says 
June 19, 2014 at 4:45 am 

I have found florescent bulbs (5500k are the ones i am using) are a little easier than strobes. I had initially tested with strobes however had a hard time getting my camera settings right for shooting with the strobes. Through trial and error with my continuous florescent bulbs, I was able to dial in the correct camera settings.
Another thing your users might find useful that really helped me was a photography software by a company called Iconasys that allow me to shoot my images through a computer. It has been especially beneficial to my process time allowing me to increase my product photography throughput (im shooting about 50 products a day for my ebay store).

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
June 19, 2014 at 5:46 am 

Thanks for your comment Daniel!
I did try the soft that came with the camera – Camera Control Pro to take pics using a PC.
It was ok but since I purchased the remote control, I just started using it and it’s still quite convenient.
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply








Lianne says 
May 29, 2014 at 12:16 pm 

Hi Andrew
Thanks so much for your posts on product photography, I have found them very useful!
I just have a question regarding lighting.  I am using regular lamps and before reading your article I was looking to purchase some 6500K daylight bulbs that I found online but you mentioned to use bulbs that produce 5500K white light.  Please can you advise if 6500K daylight bulbs would also be ok?
Many thanks
Lianne

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
May 29, 2014 at 2:11 pm 

Hi Lianne,
6500K daylight bulbs should be ok too, yes.
Just make sure you set custom white balance in your camera before you take the shots.
But if you buy brand new bulbs, better go for 5500K.
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply






Lianne says 
May 29, 2014 at 2:57 pm 

Hi Andrew, thanks for the fast response!
For now I am actually using the camera on my iphone 4s and the results haven’t been too bad, even with the non daylight bulbs I have been using, but this means I can’t adjust the white balance. 
I will see how I get on with the daylight bulbs but after reading your articles I am toying with the idea of trying out one of the DSLR cameras you mentioned as they look more affordable than I had expected.. Im just unsure if the lenses they come with would be suitable for my product needs or if I’d end up needing a different more expensive one..
Thanks again
Lianne

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
May 29, 2014 at 3:24 pm 

what kind of products you’re selling?
Small/big? What material?

Reply






Lianne says 
May 29, 2014 at 3:43 pm 

I sell wedding related products, so table & venue decorations & other accessories & gifts.  Also party accessories & decorations such as paper plates, place cards & bunting.  
To be honest most of my suppliers provide images which I am happy to use in most instances, but a handful of their images are not good enough so I would like to take my own.  Plus one supplier doesn’t provide images at all which means as yet I have been unable to stock their products.  Their products are mainly small, I would say ranging from 3cm to around 30cm.  They are vintage style products made from a variety of materials such as painted wood, fabric, ribbon, card and porcelain with other materials such as string or metal wire for hanging on some of them..







Andrew Minalto says 
May 29, 2014 at 5:58 pm 

for products like these, a macro lens really works best.
So if you buy a new DSLR, buy body only and purchase a separate macro or tele-zoom with macro function lens.
Thanks,
Andrew







Lianne says 
May 29, 2014 at 6:48 pm 

Ok great, thanks again for the advice, it’s much appreciated! 🙂







Andrew Minalto says 
May 30, 2014 at 4:20 am 

You’re welcome Lianne!















JUDY says 
February 22, 2014 at 9:32 pm 

I read your post. If my product is pretty large, would it work if I taped two rolls of construction paper together to expand the width or would that create an un-seamless paper? Does my white background material or paper have to be one complete piece by itself or can I tape things together?

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
February 24, 2014 at 6:08 am 

Hi Judy,
You can try doing that BUT I would simply recommend you getting one roll of special background paper, like this one:
http://www.photography-backgrounds.co.uk/Photography-Background-Papers.html
Problem solved! 🙂
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply








James Bradley says 
October 15, 2013 at 12:06 pm 

Great post Andrew. I’d love to have a chat with you about possible opportunities around product images – could you drop me an email please?

Reply






Andrew Minalto says 
October 15, 2013 at 12:27 pm 

Thanks James!
Feel free to get in touch with me here:
http://andrewminalto.com/contacts/
Thanks,
Andrew

Reply






James Bradley says 
October 15, 2013 at 2:58 pm 

Done!

Reply






Trackbacks 



[…] 2) Background & Lighting […]

Reply 





[…] 2. Lighting & Background […]

Reply 

 





Featured Partners:














Most Popular Posts
1. BEST Products to sell on eBay!
2. How to Make £1349 in 4 hours?
3. Starting an eBay Business with just £50!
4. Alibaba SCAM Exposed!
5. Product Photography (A-Z)
6. How to Import Products from China!
7. Top Rated Seller in 30 Days!
8. Turbo Lister ABC
9. Anatomy of a Perfect eBay Listing
10. Your Questions ANSWERED!


 







About Me
Serial online entrepreneur, eBay PowerSeller, business coach and active TWF community member!
Created UK's Best Selling eBay video course - Easy Auction Business as well as several other video courses and personal coaching programs. Read More…

 


Categories

Amazon

Ask Me a Question!

Business Models

eBay

eCommerce

eToro

Importing

News

Product Photography

Products & Services

Reviews

Self Help

Traffic Generation



Recent Comments
Graham Johnston on UK Wholesale SCAMS – Smarter than EVER!"  Telephone Number - 
Another obvious verification method that is bizarrely underused. As I mentioned above, a UK based company is legally required to have a telephone number displayed on their website, so use it"

I don't put my telephone...Andrew Minalto on How To Cut Your eBay Costs by 91% doing International Shipping via Royal Mail!Hi Sam,

You can purchase international postage online via RM's Click & Drop service:

https://parcel.royalmail.com/orders/quick-delivery/

(select country from the list to proceed with next steps).

Thanks,
AndrewAndrew Minalto on Consumer Contracts Regulations –  Your Legal Responsibilities as an Online Seller!Yes, if you sell from the UK, return address should be in the UK too.

Thanks,
AndrewJulie on Consumer Contracts Regulations –  Your Legal Responsibilities as an Online Seller!Does the return address have to be in the UK?Sam Rushton on How To Cut Your eBay Costs by 91% doing International Shipping via Royal Mail!Hi,

do the Royal Mail offer the purchase of online postage for international as I am unable to purchase it through click and drop or would I have to queue up in the post office.

Thanks Sam
Blogroll

60 Day Blueprint
Chat With Andrew
E-Commerce Magnates
Easy Auction Business
Second Income Generator
Spicy Auction Templates


 





Important Information
Privacy Policy
Earnings Disclaimer
Affiliate Disclaimer
Terms of Use

Follow Me!








Contacts
AndrewMinalto.com
Unit 2906 - 6945
London, W1A 6US
United Kingdom


Who Wants a £100k eBay Business?Show Me How!
























