

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Wealthcare Capital Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:10 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Wealthcare Capital Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC operates a goals-based wealth management software platform to advisors, enterprises, and their clients in the financial advising industry. It offers Financeware, a goals-based wealth management software that helps advisors make their clients’ life goals a reality by connecting their investments to their aspirational dreams and priorities. The company was formerly known as Financeware, Inc. and changed its name to Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in January 2012. Wealthcare Capital Management LLC was founded in 1999 and is based in Richmond, Virginia.


2100 East Cary StreetSuite 200Richmond, VA 23223United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 804-644-4711

Fax: 804-644-4759

www.wealthcarecapital.com







Key Executives for Wealthcare Capital Management LLC




Mr. Michael Ashker


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Leonard A. Reinhart


      	Executive Chairman
      








Mr. Robert P. Wilson CPA                                               


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Justin DuBrueler


      	Director of Finance
      








Ms. Teresa Schafer


      	Chief Operations Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Wealthcare Capital Management LLC Key Developments

Wealthcare Capital Management Launch its Mid-Atlantic Regional Headquarters, in West Chester, PA
Oct 1 15
Wealthcare Capital Management announced its continued growth and the launch of its Mid-Atlantic regional headquarters, in West Chester, PA. The new location will enable Wealthcare to capitalize on both the continuing demand for its offerings and the overwhelming market opportunity for traditional, strategic investment counsel. Wealthcare Partners offers a unique open-environment work center and unparalleled technology support system to entrepreneurial wealth advisors. Further, unlike other financial management firms, Wealthcare has both a proven technology platform and a team of expert advisors recognized as the best in their industry using this solution to power goals-based investment advice, while reducing taxes and fees for clients.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 13, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Wealthcare Capital Management LLC, please visit www.wealthcarecapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Wealthcare Capital Management® Launches Suite of Revolutionary Wealth Management Services | Business Wire


























































Wealthcare Capital Management® Launches Suite of Revolutionary Wealth 
      Management Services






November 16, 2011 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



RICHMOND, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wealthcare Capital Management®, a leading provider of wealth management 
      advisory services and systems, announced today the introduction of its 
      Unified Managed Household (UMH) program, which is designed to deliver 
      its exclusive patented wealth management process, Wealthcare.
    


      “We have created an industry innovation that we believe will transform 
      the perception of Wall Street so that advisors are seen as noble 
      purveyors of valuable advice at a favorable price,” said David B. 
      Loeper, president and chief executive officer of Wealthcare Capital 
      Management. “Our patented process is unique to the industry since it 
      doesn’t consider beating a benchmark as success. Instead, we measure 
      success against reaching clients’ life goals and dreams,” noted Loeper.
    

      “The days of non-integrated managed account platforms that focus on 
      managing isolated accounts without taking a client’s life goals and 
      other assets into consideration are numbered,” said Wealthcare Capital 
      Management board member, Leonard Reinhart. “Investors should not have to 
      pay substantial fees for a platform that does not capture the full 
      purpose of their wealth - achieving their goals. Advisors have long 
      recognized that clients expect management of life goals and income 
      distribution, but they have not had a cost effective platform to execute 
      these strategies. The platforms that do exist have been very expensive 
      and generally focused on the value proposition of the product 
      manufacturer, rather than the advisor. Wealthcare's patented platform is 
      the first that bridges this gap, delivering low-cost investment 
      strategies that are directly linked to each investor's life goals, while 
      increasing the value of the advisor,” noted Reinhart.
    

      The Wealthcare UMH is a comprehensive suite of services provided to 
      financial advisors through Wealthcare Capital Management®. These 
      services offer a unique wealth management discipline which positions 
      clients’ life goals at the forefront of advice, while providing advisors 
      support to best help their clients achieve those dreams.
    

      The services provided to advisors include:
    


        Sophisticated planning to achieve client goals;
      

        Managed Portfolios guided by life goals;
      

        Sophisticated tax location management;
      

        Optimized tax and trading systems;
      

        Client dashboard that shows advisors on one screen the goal funding 
        status for every client;
      

        Ongoing monitoring of the client’s progress toward goals including 
        quarterly and ad hoc forward looking status reports;
      

        Marketing materials to illustrate the value of Wealthcare;
      

        Management and fee billing for held away assets, such as company 
        sponsored retirement accounts and 529 plans;
      

        Costs that are dramatically lower than other managed account platforms.
      


      Financial advisors have multiple options of how they can access the UMH 
      program, whether it be in a sub-advisory or employee relationship.
    

About Wealthcare Capital Management®


      Based in Richmond, Virginia, Wealthcare Capital Management® is powering 
      the future of financial advising through a unique suite of asset 
      management and advising services. Wealthcare’s goals-based advising 
      approach allows advisors to give their clients measurable confidence in 
      exceeding their goals without unnecessary sacrifice to their lifestyle, 
      while avoiding undue investment risk. This process has been made 
      available in an all-inclusive, low-cost and highly tax-efficient Unified 
      Managed Household (UMH) program. Information about the company’s 
      advisory services is available online at http://www.wealthcarecapital.com. 
      Founded in 1999, the company is privately held.
    

      Wealthcare Capital Management® is a DBA name of Financeware, Inc. 
      Wealthcare Capital Management IP, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
      Financeware, Inc., controls or owns certain intellectual property rights 
      developed by the companies, including U.S. Patent Nos. 6,947,904, 
      7,562,040, 7,650,303, 7,765,138, and 7,991,675.
    




Contacts

      Makovsky + CompanyJohn McInerney, +1-212-508-9628jmcinerney@makovsky.comorErin 
      Hershkowitz, +1-212-508-9625ehershkowitz@makovsky.com













Contacts

      Makovsky + CompanyJohn McInerney, +1-212-508-9628jmcinerney@makovsky.comorErin 
      Hershkowitz, +1-212-508-9625ehershkowitz@makovsky.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Robert Redican, Wealthcare Capital Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Robert "Rob" Redican

Senior VP:Service Solutions,
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC






Career History




Senior VP:Service Solutions
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC, PRESENT


Head:Managed Accounts
Bank of New York Mellon Corp/The, FORMER


Head:Managed Accounts
Pershing LLC, FORMER







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Widener University
Bachelor's Degree, Business Administration








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Wealthcare Capital Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Wealthcare Capital Management LLC


Wealthcare Capital Management LLC
(CRD# 111119) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Richmond, VA.
They
manage $1,301,172,948 in 7,311 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 51 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Wealthcare Capital Management LLC




2100 East Cary Street, Suite 200,
Richmond,
VA
23223
804-644-4711
http://www.carewell.biz




http://www.carewell.biz







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,301
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

7,311
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$177,975







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Publication of periodicals or newsletters
Educational seminars/workshops
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Wealthcare Capital Management LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 43 top financial advisors.





1















Jennifer R. Wolfe



CRD#:
4598231



Beaver ,
PA
15009




106

Wealthminder
score







Jennifer Wolfe (CRD# 4598231) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Beaver Falls, PA and has over 13 years of experience in the finance industry. Jennifer Wolfe has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which putclients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.





2















Brad W. Michels



CRD#:
2797528



3660 Paoli Pike, Suite 2,
Floyds Knobs,
IN
47119




101

Wealthminder
score








Brad Michels (CRD# 2797528) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Floyds Knobs, IN and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Brad Michels has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















William B. Akers



CRD#:
4278737



600 East Main Street, Suite 1240,
Richmond,
VA
23219




96

Wealthminder
score








William Akers (CRD# 4278737) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Richmond, VA and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Richard L. Bartholomew



CRD#:
4602974



2475 Northwinds Parkway, Suite 200,
Alpharetta,
GA
30009




96

Wealthminder
score








Richard Bartholomew (CRD# 4602974) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Alpharetta, GA and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Richard Bartholomew has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






5















Perry L. Chesney



CRD#:
1098695



Atlanta,
GA





96

Wealthminder
score








Perry Chesney (CRD# 1098695) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Atlanta, GA and has 
over 34 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Perry Chesney has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Diane L. Dixon



CRD#:
2246207



Austin,
TX





96

Wealthminder
score








Diane Dixon (CRD# 2246207) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Diane Dixon has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






7















Kenneth P. Fishburne



CRD#:
3262767



2100 East Cary Street, Suite 200,
Richmond,
VA
23223




96

Wealthminder
score








Kenneth Fishburne (CRD# 3262767) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Richmond, VA and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Kenneth Fishburne has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






8















Ronald E. Madey



CRD#:
2647000



Newtown Square,
PA





96

Wealthminder
score








Ronald Madey (CRD# 2647000) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Newtown Square, PA and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






9















James D. Mirenda



CRD#:
2492770



2100 East Cary Street, Suite 200,
Richmond,
VA
23223




96

Wealthminder
score








James Mirenda (CRD# 2492770) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Richmond, VA and has 
over 20 years
of experience in the finance industry.
James Mirenda has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






10















Michael Ashker



CRD#:
1296719



2100 East Cary Street, Suite 200,
Richmond,
VA
23223




93

Wealthminder
score








Michael Ashker (CRD# 1296719) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC in Richmond, VA and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
3
4
5
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















Home











































Our process is not about investment products or market predictions. It's about guiding you toward reaching your goals and dreams, while prioritizing what your family values most.




Financial wealth is a means to an end.
That end (your goals) and how you get there (your journey) should be determined only by your values and your priorities.
Most advisors focus on making bets in the financial markets or on selling you their investment products. In contrast, we focus solely on your goals and on your journey.
We do not broker securities, sell research or insurance products, or speculate on future events.
We do build and manage financial plans, including investments, which are unique to each client’s personal goals.
I am Jim Mirenda, a Certified Financial Planner™ professional based in southern Vermont.
I am a Wealthcare Advisor with Wealthcare Capital Management®.
My goal is to provide objective financial advice to my clients and to manage financial plans for them that allow for measured corrections as their lives change.
 
 










Jim Mirenda, CFP®




Wealthcare Advisor
Wealthcare Capital Management LLC











© 2014-2015 Wealthcare Capital Management LLC – All rights reserved.





Email me





802.353.6083






Jim Mirenda, CFP®






To better understand the nature and scope of the advisory services and business practices of Wealthcare Capital Management LLC, please review our SEC Form ADV Part 2a, which is available here. Past performance is not a guide to future returns. Before acting on any analysis, advice or recommendation in the above content, you should seek the personalized advice of legal, tax or investment professionals. By selecting the links on this site, you are being redirected to third party websites not under the supervision of Wealthcare who may have different privacy policies than Wealthcare.






















		  Strategic Partnerships - Wealthcare Advisory Partners	

























Close MenuHomeStrategic PartnershipsWho We Are

OverviewOur TeamOur ProcessCareersContact
What We Do

OverviewAdvisorsFinanceware
How We InvestResources

Advisor ToolsWhitepapersArticles
Login 




The Future of the RIA Hybrid Platform is Finally Here 
In this video, industry icon Len Reinhart sits down withJeffrey Leighton, CFA® to discuss what makes this hybrid platform the most exciting offering in the industry.
Mr. Reinhart was founder and CEO of the Lockwood family of companies, and currently serves as Wealthcare’s Executive Chairman.


Len Reinhart and Jeffrey Leighton, CFA®, are not registered with and are not affiliated withLPL Financial.






Wealthcare Advisory Partners LLC (WCAP) has developed strategic relationships with several firms in order to provide a full investment management experience for our advisors and clients.  The key firms in our investment process and their relationship with WCAP are described below:LPL FinancialLPL Financial LLC (LPL) is a FINRA-regulated full-service broker-dealer which provides brokerage services to WCAP advisors. Most of WCAP's advisors are also securities registered with LPL. LPL offers a full range of securities products and services, as well as insurance products and services which are made available to WCAP clients through our common financial advisors.LPL also provides custody and clearing for WCAP's Advisory accounts.Wealthcare Capital ManagementWealthcare Capital Management LLC (WCM) is contractually engaged by WCAP to provide financial planning, discretionary investment management and non-discretionary advisory services to WCAP clients. The financial planning process WCAP uses was developed by WCM, and WCM manages and runs the planning department and technology that WCAP uses today.WCM is an Investment Advisory firm registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and manages over $1.3 Billion.WCM also provides WCAP administrative, corporate financial, accounting and legal services under contract to WCAP to facilitate the running of WCAP's business.While WCM and WCAP have some common corporate management and staff, they are separate and distinct legal entities with their own ownership structure.WCAP and WCM are Investment Advisors registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities offered through LPL Financial, Member FINRA/SIPC.LPL is not otherwise affiliated with WCAP or WCM. There is no common control or ownership, and LPL is a separate legal entity.  


















		Wealthcare Capital Management	


























Close MenuHomeWho We Are

OverviewOur TeamOur ProcessCareersContact
What We Do

OverviewAdvisorsFinancewareEnterprise
How We InvestResources

Advisor ToolsWhitepapersArticles
Financeware LoginAdvisor Login 




MORE SUCCESS. FEWER HEADACHES. HAPPIER CLIENTS.
As a Wealthcare Advisor, spend your days advising clients, building new relationships and enjoying your life - while we help you manage the other details.
Explore a new - and better - way to work. 



FINANCEWARE30K+ Advisor Users $1+ Trillion in Assets Managed by Advisor Users 1M+ PlansJoin over 30,000 advisors who  power their practice with Financeware.Learn More About Financeware 



INTEGRATED PLATFORM. CUSTOMIZED EXPERIENCE.
Increase your opportunities and cross-sales.
See more 








 Become an Advisor Learn About Financeware Power Your Enterprise 





Wealthcare is changing the investment advisory paradigm.
Goals-based wealth management is a popular theme these days. Seems like lots of firms are jumping on the bandwagon. But not every financial planning process is the same. So while most firms and advisors tout their abilities to help achieve clients’ goals, in reality, they’re usually stuck on yesterday’s up-and-down, performance-focused roller coaster. They view money as a commodity to gain or lose — rather than a tool for accomplishing real, tangible goals.We know that goals-based wealth management isn’t just a buzzword. It’s a way of life — and we believe the entire financial community deserves a better way to help their clients reach their goals and dreams. Explore how our patented goals-based wealth management process can transform your financial planning experience and guide you safely to your financial future.

Discover the Wealthcare Difference



Goals-Based InvestingOverview of Wealthcare's Goals-Based Investing approach.



Future of Financial Advice in Light of the DOL Ruling
					A conversation with industry icon Len Reinhart about the future of financial advice in light of the DOL ruling.





Why Wealthcare
					Wealthcare advisors discuss how Wealthcare has affected their lives, and why Wealthcare is the right choice for them going forward.



The Wealthcare EffectWealthcare advisors pull back the curtain to explain how Wealthcare has changed their lives, their businesses, and the relationships they have with their clients.





Interview & DiscoveryThe first time a Wealthcare advisor talks with a client is more than a meeting to discuss finances. It is the start of a Goals-Based relationship that transcends the advisor-client experience for all parties involved.

				


Monitoring & AdviceWealthcare advisors explain how the Wealthcare Planning process is about far more than just creating a financial plan.

				



Discover our Process  Learn How We Invest  Find an Advisor Access Advisor Tools 
The New DOL Fiduciary Standard
The DOL Fiduciary Rule represents a paradigm shift in the financial services industry. Wealthcare can help you navigate your transition into this new world and quickly position you to prosper in it.
We Offer a Turnkey Solution that Addresses the New DOL Changes  
Our consistent and repeatable process is focused on the best interests of the client by aligning their investments with their life goals and keeping them both in balance.  We offer a suite of advisory and 401K solutions that fully comply with a fiduciary standard.  
We encourage you to take stock of your exposure to the DOL changes. Are you well positioned for the new standard? If not, we can help.









Our Patented Goals-Based Wealth Management Process
The financial world is filled with uncertainty. But with Wealthcare as your guide, your future doesn’t have to be. By combining personalized support and service with cutting-edge technology and tools, our elegant system helps investors answer the one question that matters most: Will I be able to realize my life goals?
Wealthcare offers the only patented goals-based wealth management process that helps investors confidently know where they stand at any point during their financial lives — and we built our approach on deep market knowledge and the power of science. From our patented goals matrix and 1000-lifetime probability analysis to our trademarked Comfort Zone™ indicator and beyond, we remove the guesswork from financial planning.
Explore the Wealthcare Difference





The Proven Choice for Goals-Based Wealth Management
Goals-based wealth management isn’t something we do — it defines the very core of who we are. We first invented the process in 1999 and have spent every day since researching and developing new ways to improve how well it works for you. Today, we’re proud to have developed one of the most technologically advanced financial platforms in the industry. And behind our sophisticated technology and cutting-edge support is a team of experts who care deeply about the people who trust their futures to us.



12
Goals-Based FinancialProcess Patents
 


30k
Advisors ChooseOur Process
 


18yrs
Since We InventedGoals-Based Process
 









Through its patented process, Wealthcare delivers an evidence-based planning process and portfolio implementation structure that keeps our clients – and what’s most important to them – at the center of everything we do for them.
Russ Thornton, Wealthcare Advisor
Learn more about us


When you’re a solo advisor, it sometimes feels like you’re operating without a net.  Wealthcare’s Planning and Trading teams give me peace of mind knowing everything goes through multiple layers of review.
Scott Davison, Wealthcare Advisor
Learn more about us


I would have never thought I could have built a $200M AUM RIA business without hiring more help. Wealthcare gave me freedom to focus on working as an advisor.  Their Accounting, Compliance, Research, Trading, and Planning teams all work in coordination with my office to save me thousands of dollars a year and keep almost all my working hours devoted to growing my practice.
Mowry Young, Wealthcare Advisor
LEARN MORE ABOUT US





Industry-Leading Advice & Resources




Advisor Tools



Whitepapers



Articles




7ads6x98y















		  Financeware - Wealthcare Capital Management	


























Close MenuHomeWho We Are

OverviewOur TeamOur ProcessCareersContact
What We Do

OverviewAdvisorsFinancewareEnterprise
How We InvestResources

Advisor ToolsWhitepapersArticles
Financeware LoginAdvisor Login 


 FINANCEWARE
30K+ Advisor Users$1+ Trillion in Assets Managed by Advisor Users1M+ Plans




OverviewAdvisorsFinancewareEnterprise 





Power Your Practice with FinancewareThe Original Goals-Based Wealth Management PlatformOur patented Financeware technology helps advisors make their clients’ life goals a reality by connecting their investments to their aspirational dreams and priorities.Comfort Zone® “Where’s My Dot?” monitoring manages future confidence to achieve life goals while avoiding excessive risk and lifestyle sacrifice. This approach transforms advisor-client conversations to focus more on life goals than market performance.A History of InnovationWhen we originally invented Financeware in 1999, this goals-based planning revolution was the first Monte Carlo Simulation engine for financial professionals all captured in a unique patented 6-step Comfort Zone® planning process.Ideal & Acceptable Life Goals - more focus on what clients care most about: their lives.Goal Trade-Offs & Priorities - deeper understanding for better life planning guidance.Lifetime Simulations & Scenarios - unique forward-looking analytics with what-if testing.Comfort Zone Recommendation - easy to understand plan directly tied to client life goals.Investment Strategy - seamless 2-way link between financial planning and investing.Monitoring & Advice - quarterly guidance that connects investments with clients’ life goals.Key Advisor UsersAdvisors: e.g. over 30,000 wealth advisors, 1+ million plans and $1+ billion in assetsKey Benefits for Enterprises, Advisors and their ClientsAcquire & Retain More Clients - more focus on what clients care most about: their lifeDeepen Client Relationships - life goal conversations that shift selling to guidanceIncrease Share of Wallet - uncover hidden assets and consolidate held-away assetsCross-Sell Products & Services - investments, insurance, tax, estate, health, family  


Request Information
Complete the form below and someone from our team will contact you about how to become a Wealthcare advisor.












First Name *

Last Name *

Email *

Phone *

Preferred Communication *
PhoneEmail


“Wealthcare and Financeware puts me in the center of the value proposition with my clients. The investments are now only an inner gear.”
Mowry Young II Wealthcare Advisor – Young Financial Group
“I’ve been at this for over 20 years, and I’m doing my best work, giving my best advice, and working more efficiently to deliver it with Wealthcare and Financeware.”
Russ Thornton Wealthcare Advisor – Wealthcare For Women






7ads6x98y











