
Weatherbie Capital LLC : Top Money Managers  








Overview – Weatherbie Capital








































 
 






Weatherbie Capital, LLC is a Boston-based SEC-Registered Investment Adviser founded in 1995 by Matthew A. Weatherbie to provide Specialized Growth Equity investment management


Weatherbie Capital, LLC Joins Alger to Expand Growth Equity Expertise
Weatherbie Capital, LLC is pleased to announce that, as of March 1, 2017, New York-based Investment Manager Alger Associates, Inc. (Alger) has agreed to acquire Weatherbie Capital, LLC (Weatherbie) to expand its growth equity expertise and offerings.
“We are thrilled that Matt and his team have decided to affiliate with Alger. Weatherbie Capital has had in place a proven investment process and philosophy since its founding, which makes this acquisition a natural fit,” said Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer of Fred Alger Management, Inc.
Click here to learn more about investing with Weatherbie and Alger. 


Weatherbie Capital invests approximately $1 billion* in client assets across its products, including the Specialized Growth Institutional Equity Product. Weatherbie Capital qualifies to be appointed as an investment manager under ERISA Section 3(38) and qualifies, and may be designated by an authorized fiduciary, as a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (“QPAM”) under PTE 84-14.


Matt Weatherbie was the Chief Investment Officer of the Specialty Growth Equities Group at Putnam Investments. As a portfolio manager, he was responsible for The Voyager Fund and Voyager-style institutional accounts from October 1983 until his departure in April 1995. The inception date of the firm’s core Specialized Growth Institutional Equity Product (SG) and the management of tax-exempt funds for U.S. clients was July 1, 1996.
*Amount of assets as of March 31, 2017

   

Contact Cynthia O’Neil
Senior Vice President, Director of Administration
coneil@weatherbiecapital.com
(617) 951-2550

NavigationHome
Overview
Philosophy & Process
Professionals
Contact
Search





















Scroll to top





Weatherbie Capital LLC : Top Money Managers  



Weatherbie Capital, LLC | Wealthminder











































Weatherbie Capital, LLC


Weatherbie Capital, LLC
(CRD# 105991) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $751,652,000 in 26 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Weatherbie Capital, LLC




265 Franklin Street, 16th Floor,
Boston,
MA
02110
617-951-2550
http://www.weatherbiecapital.com




http://www.weatherbiecapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

752
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

26
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$28,909,692







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




MA






Financial Advisors at Weatherbie Capital, LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Matthew A. Weatherbie



CRD#:
4363972



265 Franklin Street, Suite 1601,
Boston,
MA
02110




90

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Weatherbie (CRD# 4363972) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Weatherbie Capital, LLC in Boston, MA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND Trademark of WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC. Serial Number: 85513120 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND










 
Get FREE email alerts













WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND  Trademark Information
 WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC
Investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark by WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC 
                                in BOSTON, MA, 02110.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC of the WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, January 10, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND by 
                        WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC, BOSTON, MA  02110.
                        The USPTO has given the WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND 
                        trademark serial  number of  85513120.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND is 
                        
                        
                                            PHI LAN TINSLEY of 
                                            K&L GATES LLP,  1 LINCOLN ST, BOSTON, MA 02111-2901 
                                .
                            The WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND 
                            is Investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/20/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: November 20, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85513120


  Filing Date:  
1/10/2012


 Registration Number:  
4244742 


 Registration Date:  
11/20/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/4/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLCBOSTON, MA  02110
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("GROWTH FUND")


 Correspondent:


PHI LAN TINSLEY
K&L GATES LLP
1 LINCOLN ST
BOSTON, MA 02111-2901






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/27/1995


First Use In Commerce: 
11/27/1995





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/20/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PHI LAN TINSLEY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search weatherbiegrowthfund on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND 




WEATHERBIE GROWTH FUND is providing Investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Alger to acquire growth equity manager Weatherbie Capital - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Alger to acquire growth equity manager Weatherbie Capital


January 18, 2017
By Iris Dorbian






Alger Associates has agreed to acquire Boston-based Weatherbie Capital LLC, a specialized growth equity manager. No financial terms were disclosed. The deal is expected to close in early March 2017. Westwood Partners aided Alger on the transaction.
PRESS RELEASE
NEW YORK, NY (PRWEB) JANUARY 18, 2017
Alger Associates, Inc. (Alger), the parent company of Fred Alger Management, Inc., a leading asset management firm, today announced that it has agreed to acquire Boston-based Weatherbie Capital, LLC (and related companies, collectively “Weatherbie Capital”), a specialized growth equity manager with over $800 million in assets under management.
Weatherbie Capital was founded in 1995 by Matthew Weatherbie and, similar to Alger, takes a fundamental, bottom-up research approach to investing in growth equities. Weatherbie Capital aims to identify and invest in attractive U.S. small- and mid-cap companies poised for growth. The firm’s flagship strategy, the Weatherbie Specialized Growth strategy, has, for its 20-plus years in existence, demonstrated a record of strong relative performance. Mr. Weatherbie will remain CEO and, again become Co-CIO, of Weatherbie Capital, which at closing, will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Alger.
“We are thrilled that Matt and his team have decided to affiliate with Alger. As with our firm, Weatherbie Capital has had in place a proven investment process and philosophy since its founding. This, along with a strong cultural fit and synergies, and similarities between our firms’ approaches to investing in growth equities, makes this acquisition a natural fit,” said Dan Chung, CEO and Chief Investment Officer of Fred Alger Management, Inc. “The Weatherbie Capital results speak for themselves and we are confident that Alger will be strengthened by their insight and expertise.” 





Weatherbie Capital has nine employees and will continue to operate in Boston as a discrete subsidiary of Alger Associates, Inc. The firm currently offers three main investment strategies: the largest strategy is the Weatherbie Specialized Growth strategy, a long-only smaller companies investment strategy. In addition, they manage two private funds for high-net-worth investors, one a focused long oriented strategy and the other a long/short strategy.
“We have always had a deep respect and admiration for the Alger team,” commented Mr. Weatherbie. “They have set the standard for growth investing and we believe our clients will benefit greatly by the scale and resources provided by their impressive investment team and distribution network. We are very excited to become a part of the Alger organization, which now provides a pathway for my colleagues and Weatherbie Capital to be successful and grow many decades into the future.”
There will be no changes to Weatherbie Capital’s investment process, which is primarily based upon finding companies in six of the most dynamic growth sectors in the U.S. economy – Consumer, Health Care, Diversified Business Services, Media and Communications, Information Services, and Technology. The investment team seeks to identify companies with a significant and enduring business advantage that will produce sustained earnings growth into the future.
The Board of Directors of certain mutual funds Alger advises has approved Weatherbie Capital assuming certain portfolio management responsibility for two of Alger’s strategies upon closing of the transaction. This will bring incremental assets to both the Weatherbie Capital Specialized Growth strategy and the Weatherbie Capital Long/Short strategy. Alger expects that these added assets will, upon transition to Weatherbie Capital, bring Weatherbie Capital’s assets to more than $1 billion. 





“We have always believed there is a unique and potentially advantageous investment opportunity in a company’s lifecycle that exists just beyond what we call the ‘perils of infancy’ and just before a company fully matures. That is where we find opportunities to invest; and that is where we have been able to identify exciting growth opportunities for the past twenty years,” stated Mr. Weatherbie.
The firms hope to close the transaction in early March 2017. K&L Gates represented Weatherbie Capital, LLC and Seward & Kissel represented Alger in the transaction. Westwood Partners assisted Alger in this transaction.
About Fred Alger Management, Inc.
Fred Alger Management, Inc. was founded in 1964 and as of December 31, 2016 managed $19.5 billion. Alger’s investment philosophy is focused on uncovering companies undergoing Positive Dynamic Change, which we believe offer the best investment opportunities. Alger investment strategies are available to non-U.S. and institutional investors through separate accounts and the Alger SICAV funds. For more information, please visit http://www.alger.com.
Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

Thoma Bravo to sell Sparta Systems to New Mountain
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Post Capital sells BHS Specialty Chemicals
by Iris Dorbian

 








































WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com
























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






WEATHERBIE CAPITAL, LLC






265 FRANKLIN STREET, BOSTON,  Massachusetts, 02110, (617) 951-2550


Report Date: 12/31/2016

Position Statistics


Total Positions
60


New Positions
2


Increased Positions
25


Decreased Positions
33


Positions with Activity
58


Sold Out Positions
4


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,000



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
0%


Basic Materials



Industrials
16.08%


Consumer Cyclicals
19.33%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
4.84%


Financials
15.01%


Healthcare
18.69%


Technology
26.04%


Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






60 Positions as of 12/31/2016


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



STAMPS COM INC
COM NEW
55,302
9,455
20.62
369,298


FIRSTSERVICE CORP NEW
SUB VTG SH
53,450
8,621
19.23
838,033


WAYFAIR INC
CL A
53,151
3,230
6.47
698,802


MACOM TECH SOLUTIONS HLDGS INC
COM
45,909
6,351
16.05
728,488


INSULET CORP
COM
43,686
14,510
49.73
849,429


GTT COMMUNICATIONS INC
COM
43,087
-1,418
(3.19)
1,433,859


PORTOLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
39,546
39,546
New
598,814


ULTIMATE SOFTWARE GROUP INC
COM
35,565
7,651
27.41
157,792


PAYLOCITY HLDG CORP
COM
34,042
4,069
13.57
717,280


MIDDLEBY CORP
COM
33,710
2,437
7.79
259,570


IPG PHOTONICS CORP
COM
30,896
-20,048
(39.35)
202,674


BOFI HLDG INC
COM
30,129
4,833
19.10
1,209,512


HEICO CORP NEW
COM
29,546
-1,961
(6.22)
381,290


COTIVITI HLDGS INC
COM
28,851
-10,417
(26.53)
685,306


XPO LOGISTICS INC
COM
25,607
8,474
49.46
422,068


EVERBRIDGE INC
COM
25,027
16,637
198.29
1,078,737


PUMA BIOTECHNOLOGY INC
COM
23,934
-800
(3.24)
253,802


ADVISORY BRD CO
COM
22,481
-6,385
(22.12)
393,028


SIGNATURE BK NEW YORK N Y
COM
21,953
-5,876
(21.11)
166,371


SITEONE LANDSCAPE SUPPLY INC
COM
21,248
6,579
44.85
403,793




<< first< previous123next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Halliburton profit beats on higher demand from North America
                        



	                     7:15AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            KKR to buy WebMD in $2.8 bln deal
                        



	                     7:11AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            VEON names former Xerox CEO Ursula Burns as chairwoman
                        



	                     7:05AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            NXP Announces Executive Management Transition
                        



	                     7:04AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Roomba vacuum maker iRobot betting big on the 'smart' home
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.


















	
	Page






















































































                            Log In



















                        
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            





About AlgerOur HistoryOur PhilosophyOur Research ProcessWeatherbie Capital, LLCInvestment TeamCharitable GivingWe RememberCareersStrategiesStrategies OverviewAsset ClassesVehiclesStrategy FinderLarge CapMid/SMid CapSmall CapInternationalAlternativesSpecialtyMutual FundsSMAsInstitutional Separate AccountsUCITSCollective Investment TrustsInsightsInsights OverviewViewpointsThought leadership from Alger analysts and investment strategists.Manager CommentaryOur portfolio managers discuss their processes, and the key sectors and industries driving the markets.Capital Markets ReviewIn-depth analyses of factors currently shaping the investment world.Alger On the MoneyTimely, actionable views on the markets with graphics and commentary.Alger On the RecordVideo updates from Alger investment professionals who interpret and discuss key themes affecting equities.NewsContact UsContact UsFinancial AdvisorsFor financial advisors, national accounts, retirement and specialty distribution investors.Institutional InvestorsFor institutional investors, consultants, and sub-advisory relationships.Non–U.S. InvestorsFor institutional and retail investors outside the U.S.GeneralFor Individual Investors, press inquiries, and general information.



















There are no items to show in this view.












ABOUT ALGEROur HistoryOur PhilosophyOur Research ProcessInvestment TeamWeatherbie Capital, LLCCharitable GivingWe RememberThink FurtherIndividual InvestorsDocuments & FormsCareersFAQsSTRATEGIESASSET CLASSESLarge CapMid/SMid CapSmall CapInternationalAlternativesSpecialtySTRATEGY FINDERMutual FundsSMAsInstitutional Separate AccountsUCITSCollective Investment TrustsTOOLS10 Year EstimatorQuarterly Expense EstimatorRA Mutual Fund Expense AnalyzerINSIGHTSViewpointsManager CommentaryCapital Markets ReviewAlger On the MoneyAlger On The RecordLITERATUREMutual FundsSMAsInstitutional Separate AccountsUCITSNEWSPress ReleasesNoticesPRICESMutual FundsUCITSCONTACT USFinancial AdvisorsInstitutional InvestorsNon-U.S. InvestorsGeneral InformationLEGAL NOTICESProxy Voting Record2016 Dividend & Distribution InformationSales Charges2016 Tax InformationUK Investor Report







                            Copyright Alger 2017 All Rights Reserved




















                            
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                Privacy  Policy



















                            
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                

                                Terms and Conditions



















                            
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                

















































