






Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates




























































Integrity,   Strength,       Performance



 Barksdale & Associates is dedicated to excellence in the management of customized investment portfolios for institutional investors. 







Who We AreThe company is owned by the professional staff, who are readily accessible to clients at all times. The firm is totally committed to client satisfaction in both portfolio management and the client services offered.Read More About UsProduct OverviewFixed IncomeControlled RiskManaged CashShort Controlled RiskIntermediate Controlled RiskCore Aggregate Controlled RiskCore Government Credit Controlled RiskHigh YieldCore PlusSeparate AccountShort Duration High YieldCoreEnhanced CashShort DurationIntermediate







EquityFundamental Revenue Weighted Indexation S&P 500S&P 600 Small CapS&P 400 MidcapEAFEDiversified ValueStrong Cash FlowLarge Cap Value TiltEqual WeightedLow TurnoverFully InvestedDiverse SectorsProprietary ResearchWCB utilizes a number of proprietary models to make decisions on sector allocation, yield curve positioning, and duration exposure. These models have been developed over the past thirty years by Charles Webb, CIO, and Frank Puryear, Senior Portfolio Manager. Approximately 75% of the research is generated internally. WCB begins with a top-down approach utilizing proprietary correlation models as well as economic, duration, and broad sector analysis.  WCB overlays further quantitative analysis on sectors, credit and yield curve.  Traditional, fundamental bottom-up credit research is incorporated throughout. Examples of the many proprietary predictive and analytical models that we have developed over the years include various bond valuation and rating models on corporate and mortgage sectors, yield curve reversion-to-the-mean models, and various models that forecast the yield curve, GDP, inflation, and future Fed funds rates.




















Company Profile — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates


















































Company ProfileDOWNLOAD THE EXECUTIVE SUMMARYIndependent Registered Investment AdviserFounded in 1984 in Nashville, TNServing 62 Institutional Clients in 19 StatesCaters to the Larger Institutional InvestorActively Managed Customized PortfoliosSpecialized Investment StrategiesSeasoned Senior Portfolio ManagersProfessional C-Type Corporation Owned by Employees







WCB provides fixed income and equity management strategies primarily for institutional investors. The company currently manages approximately $4.8 billion for 68 clients (62 are institutions) headquartered in 19 states. The firm manages two or more customized portfolios for 30 of our institutional clients.The company is structured as a Professional C-Type corporation which was founded in 1984 and is 100% owned and operated by its professional staff. The heritage and culture of the firm date back to 1974 when its founder, Weaver Barksdale, and its Vice Chairman, John McDowell, began working together at Commerce Union Bank (now a part of Bank of America) in Nashville, Tennessee.All the senior portfolio managers at WCB on both the fixed income and equity management teams are seasoned professionals, and each has at least twenty years of hands-on investment experience.The firm is managed so that its goals are strictly aligned with those of its clients.  The only source of income is from fees charged in regard to portfolio management. WCB is not involved in investment banking operations or broker/dealer services.The hallmark of the firm’s investment management capabilities calls for each client to have their own customized portfolio(s), as opposed to being part of a predetermined master portfolio, commingled account, or mutual fund. Over the years, this approach has worked exceedingly well for WCB's clients. The company has distinguished itself in the management of such portfolios, providing specialized strategies that conform to specific guidelines, directives, or statutory regulations primarily for such organizations as state and local governmental entities, insurance companies, non-profit healthcare systems, associations, foundations and other institutions.




















Representative Clients — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates


















































Representative ClientsPublic    Barrington Police Pension Fund – Barrington, ILCity of Raleigh – Raleigh, NC (3 Accts.)City of Taunton – Taunton, MA (2 Accts.)Forest Park Fire Pension Fund - Forest Park, ILMemphis Light, Gas, and Water – Memphis, TN (2 Accts.)North Carolina Association of County Commissioners – Raleigh, NC (4 Accts.)Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System (SERS) – Harrisburg, PA    Pennsylvania Treasury Department – Harrisburg, PAPhiladelphia Gas Workers’ Retirement Reserve Fund – Philadelphia, PAWestchester Fire Pension Fund – Westchester, ILWestchester Police Pension Fund– Westchester, ILWilmette Fire Pension Fund – Wilmette, ILWilmette Police Pension Fund – Wilmette, ILWood Dale Police Pension Fund – Wood Dale, ILInsurance    Agricultural Risk Insurance Co. LTD. - LaVergne, TN (2 Accts.)Consumers Insurance USA, Inc. – Murfreesboro, TNHeritage Property & Casualty – Clearwater, FLIndependence Blue Cross – Philadelphia, PA (5 Accts)Pennsylvania State Workers’ Insurance Fund – Harrisburg, PAHealthcare    AnMed Health – Anderson, SC (2 Accts.)Eclat Pharmaceuticals, LLC - Chesterfield, MOErlanger Medical Center - Chattanooga, TNFloyd Healthcare Management – Rome, GAMHA Solutions, Inc. – Madison, MSNCMC – North Colorado Medical Center - Greeley, COParkview Medical Center – Pueblo, COPresbyterian Intercommunity Hospital – Whittier, CaEndowment & FoundationThe Baptist Foundation of Alabama – Montgomery, AL (2 Accts.)Compassion International – Colorado Springs, COFlorida Baptist Foundation – Jacksonville, FL (5 Accts.)Lakeshore Foundation – Nashville, TN (4 Accts.)LifeWay Christian Resources - Nashville, TNLouisiana Baptist Foundation – Alexandria, LA  (2 Accts.)Southern Baptist of Texas Convention Foundation – Grapevine, TXUnited Methodist Foundation – Raleigh, NCTaft Hartley & Union Related    Entertainment Industry -- Los Angeles, CAIBEW Local 102 – Parsippany, NJ (2 Accts.)IBEW Local 400 – West Trenton, NJIBEW Local 2066 - Parsippany, NJMajor League Baseball Players Association – New York (3 Accts.)National Basketball Players Associations – New YorkPlumbers and Pipefitters Local 572 - Nashville, TN (2 Accts.)Plumbers Local 24– New Jersey (2 Accts.)Teamsters Industrial Employees Welfare FundTrucking Employees of North Jersey Welfare FundUnited Steel Workers – Pittsburgh, PA (2 Accts.)WWEC Teamsters – Mountainside, NJThe above is a partial listing of our clients.  It does not imply that the clients recommend our firm or its services. For reasons of privacy, we do not list any of our consumer clients. 




















Contact — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates















































ContactWeaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.One Burton Hills Blvd, Suite 100Nashville, TN 37215Tel: (615) 665-1085Fax: (615) 665-1087Email: aroberts@wcbarksdale.com 




















Fixed Income — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates




















































CONTROLLED RISK  |  CORE  |  HIGH YIELD  |  TIPSFixed IncomeControlled RiskManaged CashThe Managed Cash strategy offers an attractive alternative to traditional money market funds, CDs, Treasury Bills, Bankers Acceptances and Commercial Paper through the active management of higher yielding, investment grade and non-investment grade credits, which may include short corporates, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Agency obligations. The strategy is appropriate for institutional investors with volatile and/or cyclical cash flows who seek more return from their liquid, short term investments without sacrificing overall portfolio credit quality while maintaining a comparable level of risk.  Credit risk is minimized through the use of widely diversified positions.  Each portfolio is separately managed using investment grade and some high yield securities without the use of derivatives or leverage and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client. Short Controlled RiskThe Short Controlled Risk strategy is a risk averse strategy that invests primarily in investment grade short term debt securities and has a target duration of 1 to 3 years. It is intended for investors seeking an alternative to traditional money market funds, time deposits, or short-term investments while protecting principal.This strategy has the potential to generate higher returns than traditional cash investments because of a relatively modest increase in duration in order to opportunistically benefit from higher market yields. Our actively managed approach takes advantage of many opportunities, particularly at the less efficient short end of the yield curve. This strategy can be used for a variety of purposes, such as institutional short term working capital, excess operating funds, insurance reserves, capital project funds and other accounts.All portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client.Intermediate Controlled RiskThe Intermediate Controlled Risk strategy is a risk averse, moderate duration strategy that seeks to maximize current income and price appreciation through the use of government guaranteed, mortgage-backed, and investment grade corporate bonds when economic and market conditions are favorable. The philosophy is to consistently provide excess returns relative to the benchmark in a manner that is consistent with preservation of capital and prudent risk taking while maintaining an overall risk level similar to the benchmark. The strategy has a target duration that deviates only modestly from that of the intermediate indices. Since its inception it has generally offered interest rate risk in line with the U. S. bond market as a whole, as measured by the duration of both the Barclays Intermediate Government / Credit and the Barclays Intermediate Aggregate indices. The strategy utilizes multiple tactics in order to add value:Yield Curve ManagementProprietary Credit ResearchMaximization of Corporate Bond & MBS Spreads over TreasuriesVolatility AnalysisDuration ManagementAll portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client. Core Aggregate Controlled RiskThe Core Aggregate Controlled Risk strategy is a risk averse strategy based on the philosophy that fixed income returns are primarily a function of income and interest on income. The foundation of the process involves an ongoing effort to maximize income within the respective credit and maturity guidelines of each client. This is accomplished by continuously assessing the relative value of the major sectors of the bond market. The firm employs a three-step, disciplined decision-making process to tactically position portfolios relative to the yield curve and to overweight selected market sectors such as corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed notes. WCB’s approach calls for making many small divergences relative to the Barclays Aggregate Index in order to enhance performance.  First is yield enhancement through sector allocation, adding value by opportunistically overweighting corporates and/or mortgages relative to the Barclays Aggregate Index. Second is performance enhancement through security and credit analysis.  We look both quantitatively and qualitatively at credits and the yield curve.  Finally, we make performance enhancements through duration/maturity management.  We are able to manage risk through minor adjustments to the duration of the portfolio while adhering to the client’s specific security, sector and duration requirements.All portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client.Core Government/Credit Controlled RiskThe Core Government/Credit Controlled Risk strategy is a risk averse strategy based on the philosophy that fixed income returns are primarily a function of income and interest on income.. The foundation of the process involves an ongoing effort to maximize income within the respective credit and maturity guidelines of each client. This is accomplished by continuously assessing the relative value of the major sectors of the bond market. The firm employs a three-step, disciplined decision-making process to tactically position portfolios relative to the yield curve and to overweight selected market sectors such as corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed notes. WCB’s approach calls for making many small divergences relative to the Barclays Gov’t/Credit Index in order to enhance performance.  First is yield enhancement through sector allocation, adding value by opportunistically overweighting corporates relative to the Barclays Gov’t/Credit Index. Second is performance enhancement through security and credit analysis.  We look both quantitatively and qualitatively at credits and the yield curve.  Finally, we make performance enhancements through duration/maturity management.  We are able to manage risk through minor adjustments to the duration of the portfolio while adhering to the client’s specific security, sector and duration requirements.All portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client.CoreEnhanced CashThe Enhanced Cash strategy offers an attractive alternative to traditional money market funds, CDs, Treasury Bills, Bankers Acceptances and Commercial Paper through the active management of higher yielding corporate bonds, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, and U.S. Agency obligations. The strategy is appropriate for institutional investors with stable cash balances who seek more return from their liquid, short term investments without sacrificing overall portfolio credit quality while maintaining a comparable level of risk.   Credit risk is minimized through the use of widely diversified positions.  Each portfolio is separately managed using investment grade securities without the use of derivatives or leverage and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client.  Short DurationThe Short Duration strategy invests in investment grade short term debt securities and has a target duration of 1 to 5 years, easily customized to each client's mandate with separately managed portfolios. It is intended for investors seeking an alternative to traditional money market funds, time deposits, or short-term investments while protecting principal. This strategy has the potential to generate higher returns than traditional short term investments through active management of put and call features, resulting in higher portfolio yields. Our actively managed approach takes advantage of other opportunities, particularly at the less efficient, short end of the yield curve.  This strategy can be used for a variety of purposes, such as institutional short term working capital, excess operating funds, insurance reserves, capital project funds and other accounts. All portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client. IntermediateThe Intermediate strategy is a moderate duration approach that seeks to maximize current income and price appreciation primarily through the use of both government guaranteed bonds and investment grade corporates. The objective of the strategy is to consistently provide excess returns relative to the benchmark in a manner that is consistent with the philosophy of preservation of capital and prudent risk taking while maintaining an overall risk level similar to the benchmark with moderate duration variances.The strategy normally provides for a duration range that is typically modestly shorter than the intermediate indices.  Since inception, this strategy has generally offered superior risk / return characteristics compared to the U. S. bond market as measured by the Barclays Intermediate Government / Credit indices. The strategy utilizes multiple tactics in order to add value:Yield Curve ManagementProprietary Credit ResearchMaximization of Corporate Bond & MBS Spreads over TreasuriesVolatility AnalysisDuration ManagementAll portfolios are managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines provided by the client.High YieldWCB offers customized high yield bond management for institutional and individual investors. Our approach to high yield bonds maximizes total return primarily through the active management of securities rated Ba1/BB+ and below. We seek to provide excess risk-adjusted return relative to the Merrill Lynch US High Yield Master II Index. Our high yield portfolios are managed to reflect our philosophy that in normal or “fair value” credit markets, high yield returns are primarily a function of income. However, at pronounced valuation extremes, capital appreciation or loss dominate income in determining total return. Hence, our high yield strategy involves a balanced effort to maximize income while minimizing capital loss potential (in low spread/yield environments) and maximizing capital appreciation potential (in high spread/yield environments). Our institutional high yield investment vehicles, listed below, can be tailored to meet individual clients’ duration targets and risk profiles. Given our focus on customization and meeting the individual needs of our clients, we are happy to work within guidelines ranging from short duration/maturity to ratings-constrained . Institutional Core PlusAn opportunistic bucket for high yield in investment grade portfoliosStrategic and tactical allocation decisions made top-down and bottom-up by WCB’s cross-asset-class team (investment grade, high yield, and equity)Institutional Separate AccountsCustomized to fit client guidelinesShort duration and broad market strategiesThe Parthenon Fund, LPA diversified, short-duration, high yield bond commingled fund for accredited investorsAdministered by Nottingham Investment AdministrationEach portfolio is customized and managed separately and in accordance with the investment policies and guidelines as determined by the client.




















High Yield Management — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates


















































High Yield ManagementThe High Yield investment strategy is designed to maximize total return (current income and price appreciation) primarily through the active management of securities rated Ba1/BB+ and below. WCB seeks to provide excess returns relative to the Merrill Lynch US High Yield Master II Index, while maintaining an overall risk level similar to that of the benchmark through the course of a market or credit cycle, but with opportunistic variances in risk positioning to reflect valuation anomalies.At WCB, high yield portfolios are managed to reflect our philosophy that in normal or “fair value” credit markets, high yield returns are primarily a function of income and interest on income. However, at pronounced valuation extremes, capital appreciation or loss dominate income in determining total return. Hence, the execution of the WCB high yield strategy involves a balanced effort to (a) maximize income while minimizing capital loss potential (in low spread/yield environments) and (b) maximizing capital appreciation potential (in high spread/yield environments).




















Compliance — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates















































ComplianceADV Part 2 Disclosure BrochureSupplement - Weaver C. BarksdaleSupplement - Timothy A. CarpenterSupplement - Ellen O. CarrSupplement - John E. McDowellSupplement - Frank G. PuryearSupplement - Deena K. RajaSupplement - Ann Loden RobertsSupplement - James R. StorySupplement - Charles H. Webb




















Our People — Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates





















































Exceeding Expectations






Our PeopleThe value of WCB is largely derived from a combination of extremely talented personnel, their ability to work well together, a good business plan, and well defined “target markets” for the products. Not only is the depth and breadth of WCB's judgment, knowledge and expertise important, but also the staff's collective commitment to the firm's business success, investment philosophy, and to the investment strategies utilized in meeting the needs and objectives of clients. These traits and synergies enable WCB to withstand the trials and rigors of an ever-changing investment landscape and to identify sound investment opportunities in the financial markets. Over the years, WCB has enjoyed an unusually high level of stability and continuity. The employees are incentivized and compensated in a manner that aligns their goals with those of the clients. This structure fosters loyalty to the firm, a friendly and efficient work environment, and dedication to the achievement of the clients' objectives.






Weaver C. Barksdale, CFA



Weaver C. Barksdale, CFAFounding Principal, ChairmanMr. Barksdale is responsible for strategic and financial planning for the firm. He founded the firm in 1984.Prior to founding Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. (WCB), Mr. Barksdale was President, Director of Fixed Income strategy, and Chief Portfolio Manager for the Fixed Income Group of Commerce Union Bank (now a part of Bank of America) in Nashville. He has been in the industry since 1973. He received his B.A. from Vanderbilt University and his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business.






John E. McDowell



John E. McDowellPrincipal, Vice ChairmanMr. McDowell relinquished his duties as President & CEO in June 2017 taking on the title of Vice Chairman. He now serves as a valuable resource for senior management.  He has been with the firm since its inception.  Prior to joining the company, he was Senior Vice President and Director of Client Relations and Marketing for the Fixed Income Group of Commerce Union Bank (now a part of Bank of America). He also served as a fixed income portfolio manager of retirement assets. Mr. McDowell received his B.S. from Tennessee Tech University and his M.B.A. from the University of Tennessee Graduate School of Business. 






Ann Loden Roberts



Ann Loden Roberts Principal, President, Chief Executive Officer Ms. Roberts is responsible for the overall leadership and management of the firm and is the Chairman of the Portfolio Review Committee.  In addition, she is involved with new business development for all the firm’s investment products as well as monitoring client relationship efforts to ensure not only client retention but also client referrals. She has been with the firm since 2001. Prior to joining the firm, she was a principal for eight years at Robinson Investment Group. Ms. Roberts received her B.S. degree from Lipscomb University and her MBA, with a concentration in Finance, from the Owen School of Management at Vanderbilt University.






Chuck H. Webb



Charles (Chuck) H. Webb, CFAPrincipal, Chief Investment OfficerMr. Webb is Chief Investment Officer for the firm and chairman of the Investment Committee. He is responsible for the formulation of investment strategy for all institutional clients and is a member of both the equity and fixed income management teams. His responsibilities also include economic analysis and modeling on both domestic and international financial markets. He has been with the firm since 1996.Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Webb was the Chief Investment Officer for the Tennessee Consolidated Retirement System (TCRS) that was managed in-house by Mr. Webb and his staff, and totaled over $16 billion in assets. After his departure he served as a member of the Investment Advisory Board for TCRS for several years. His experience in managing public sector fixed income assets totals over 30 years. Prior to that position, he was a senior portfolio manager with Commerce Union Bank’s (now a part of Bank of America) trust division in Nashville managing employee benefit accounts and the taxable fixed income and equity common trust fund. He has been in the industry since 1977. Mr. Webb received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from the University of Tennessee.






Frank G. Puryear



Frank G. Puryear, CFA Principal, Senior Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and Director of Research Mr. Puryear is a member of the Fixed Income Management Team and is responsible for the daily co-management of all fixed income accounts. He is also responsible for yield curve and sector valuation analysis. He has been with the firm since 1996. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Puryear was the senior Fixed Income Portfolio Manager for the Tennessee Consolidated Retirement System (TCRS) where he and Mr. Webb managed $8.5 billion in U.S. and international bonds. Before joining TCRS, Mr. Puryear was employed by First American National Bank (now Regions Bank) in Nashville as a portfolio strategist for the capital markets group. That assignment followed his experience as manager of the bank's $1.7 billion fixed income portfolio. He has been in the industry since 1977. He received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from the University of Tennessee.






Deena K. Raja



Deena K. Raja Principal, Fixed Income Portfolio Manager Ms. Raja is a member of the Fixed Income Management Team that oversees the Short, Intermediate, and Core Total Return accounts and is responsible for corporate sub-sector valuation analysis. She has been with the firm since 2007.Prior to joining the firm, she was a senior portfolio strategist responsible for managing all $5 billion in corporate investments for Prime Advisors Inc. in Redmond, WA. She began her career at RBC Dain Rauscher trading new issue and secondary agencies and bank qualified municipals. Subsequently, she served as a senior corporate trader for both FTN Financial and Fifth Third Securities Corp. Ms. Raja received her B.A. degree from Vanderbilt University.






James R. Story



James R. StoryFixed Income Portfolio ManagerMr. Story is a member of the Fixed Income Management Team that oversees the Cash, Short, and Intermediate Total Return accounts and is responsible for municipal credit analysis.  He has been with the firm since 2014.Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Story was a Vice-President in the fixed income area at Guggenheim Securities, which he joined from J.P. Morgan where he was in fixed income sales. Previously, he was a Fixed Income Portfolio Manager at Morgan Asset Management where he was responsible for corporate and municipal credit analysis. He also worked in fixed income sales for Northern Capital and Duncan-Williams, Inc, NBC Capital Markets.






Ellen O. Carr



Ellen O. Carr, CFA Principal, Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and Senior Credit Analyst Ms. Carr is a Fixed Income Portfolio Manager and the firm’s Senior Credit Analyst. She has been with the firm since 2013.She specializes in the construction and management of high yield bond portfolios. Prior to joining the firm, she served as Senior Vice President and a High Yield Portfolio Manager for institutional separate accounts and mutual funds for The Capital Group Companies / American Funds in Los Angeles, CA. Along with her high yield responsibilities, Ms. Carr also managed investment grade corporate and long duration credit portfolios. She began her career as an Investment Analyst for the Fixed Income Group at Capital in 1999. In addition, Ms. Carr is an adjunct professor of finance at Columbia Business School, New York, NY. Ms. Carr received her BA degree from Harvard College and her MBA from Northwestern University.






Timothy A. Carpenter



Timothy A. Carpenter Principal, Chief Operations Manager, Fixed Income Portfolio Manager Mr. Carpenter is Manager of Operations and a Portfolio Manager for the firm. He is responsible for operations and systems, portfolio accounting and cash management. He has been with the firm since 1992. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Carpenter was Operations Manager for the Investment Division of First American National Bank (now Regions Bank). He was previously employed by Third National Bank (now a part of SunTrust Bank) as Portfolio Accounting Manager.  Mr. Carpenter received his A.S. from Nashville State Technical Institute in Accounting.






Cindy T. Johnson



Cindy T. JohnsonPrincipal, Associate Portfolio ManagerMs. Johnson is an investment management associate involved in portfolio management, client servicing, marketing, operations, and research support, securities trading, as well as other responsibilities. She is an integral part of the daily business of managing client accounts.  She has been with the firm since 2000.Ms. Johnson received her B.A. in Business Administration and German from Vanderbilt University.






Robert O'Donnell



Robert O’DonnellSenior Vice PresidentMr. O’Donnell is the Director of Government Relations and Client Servicing of Public and Other Institutional Clients. In addition, he is involved in Business Development and is an Advisor to the Firm’s Senior Management Team. He has been with the firm since 2009.Before joining the firm, Mr. O'Donnell's law practice specialized in the area of public finance in Pennsylvania. He was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served there for 19 years in various positions including majority leader and Speaker of the House. After leaving elected office, Mr. O'Donnell provided strategic guidance to emerging democratic governments abroad as well as lecturing extensively on matters of public policy and legislative process in the U.S. Mr. O'Donnell currently serves as an Adjunct Professor at Drexel University Law School. He is a graduate of Temple University and its law school, and attended The Hague Academy of International Law. 






Deborah K. Slocum



Deborah K. Slocum, FLMI, CSCP® Principal, Chief Compliance Officer, Corporate Secretary, Director of Administration Ms. Slocum is the firm's Chief Compliance Officer. She also has responsibilities in Administration. She has over twenty-five years experience in the investment industry including work in regulatory and compliance of various investment products and vehicles.  Ms. Slocum is an active member of the National Society of Compliance Professionals where she earned the designation of Certified Securities Compliance Professional ("CSCP®"). Prior to joining WCB, Ms. Slocum handled compliance responsibilities at MassMutual / Capital Financial Group, LLC and Equitable Advisors. Ms. Slocum received her B.A. in Management and Human Resources from Trevecca Nazarene University.






Kathy E. Carpenter



Kathy E. Carpenter Principal, Senior Administrative and Operations Officer Ms. Carpenter is responsible for Portfolio Accounting and Reconciliation, as well as Performance Analysis. She has been with the firm since its inception in 1984. Prior to joining the firm, Ms. Carpenter was employed by Commerce Union Bank of Nashville (now Bank of America) as a Fixed Income Portfolio Associate.






Cathy L. Chamnanphong



Cathy L. Chamnanphong Principal, Investment Operations Officer Ms. Chamnanphong is responsible for daily cash management operations, account balances and reconciliation, and trade settlement. She has been with the firm since 2002.Prior to joining the firm, she was a Trust Officer for First American National Bank (now Regions Bank) in Nashville.  Ms. Chamnanphong received her B.S. in Finance from the University of Tennessee of Knoxville.
























 









Jul 13, 2017 - Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. Buys Texas Instruments Inc, VF Corp, Marathon Petroleum Corp, Sells Novartis AG, Janus Capital Group Inc, McDonald's Corp - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 13, 2017 - Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. Buys Texas Instruments Inc, VF Corp, Marathon Petroleum Corp, Sells Novartis AG, Janus Capital Group Inc, McDonald's Corp - GuruFocus.com Jul 13, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. Buys Texas Instruments Inc, VF Corp, Marathon Petroleum Corp, Sells Novartis AG, Janus Capital Group Inc, McDonald's CorpJuly 13, 2017 |  About: 
MPC  +0%
PBF  +0%
MIK  +0%
X  +0%
FTR  +0%
HFC  +0%
TXN  +0%
VFC  +0%
WHG  +0%
EPD  +0%
BLKB  +0%
R  +0%
ARLP  +0% 



Nashville, TN, based Investment company Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. buys Texas Instruments Inc, VF Corp, Marathon Petroleum Corp, Westwood Holdings Group Inc, Enterprise Products Partners LP, PBF Energy Inc, Blackbaud Inc, Ryder System Inc, United States Steel Corp, Frontier Communications Corp, sells Novartis AG, Janus Capital Group Inc, McDonald's Corp, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.. As of 2017-06-30, Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. owns 513 stocks with a total value of $86 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: TXN, VFC, WHG, EPD, BLKB, R, TGNA, SABR, ACHC, SWN, Added Positions: MPC, PBF, MMP, VLO, FTR, HEP, INT, LAZ, MIK, X, Reduced Positions: ARLP, EV, WNR, MOH, NVR, ODP, CAB, LYV, MCY, PNRA, Sold Out: NVS, JNS, MCD, XLF, XLE, JCP, CST, VAL, WWAV, TIME, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with MPC. Click here to check it out. 
MPC 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of MPCPeter Lynch Chart of MPCFor the details of Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Weaver+C.+Barksdale+%26+Associates%2C+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.Dupont Fabros Technology Inc (DFT) - 29,431 shares, 2.1% of the total portfolio. Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) - 26,682 shares, 2% of the total portfolio. BlackRock Inc (BLK) - 3,950 shares, 1.95% of the total portfolio. Aflac Inc (AFL) - 21,405 shares, 1.94% of the total portfolio. Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) - 15,112 shares, 1.91% of the total portfolio. New Purchase: Texas Instruments Inc (TXN)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  Texas Instruments Inc.  The purchase prices were between $76.9 and $84.34, with an estimated average price of $80.22.   The stock is now traded at around $80.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.69%. The holdings were 18,827 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: VF Corp (VFC)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  VF Corp.  The purchase prices were between $51.62 and $57.85, with an estimated average price of $54.76.   The stock is now traded at around $56.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.6%. The holdings were 23,823 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Westwood Holdings Group Inc (WHG)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  Westwood Holdings Group Inc.  The purchase prices were between $51.99 and $58.38, with an estimated average price of $55.25.   The stock is now traded at around $57.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.56%. The holdings were 8,500 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  Enterprise Products Partners LP.  The purchase prices were between $26 and $28.02, with an estimated average price of $27.1.   The stock is now traded at around $27.29. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.46%. The holdings were 14,400 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Blackbaud Inc (BLKB)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  Blackbaud Inc.  The purchase prices were between $75.92 and $90.36, with an estimated average price of $81.92.   The stock is now traded at around $90.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 541 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Ryder System Inc (R)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. initiated holdings in  Ryder System Inc.  The purchase prices were between $63.04 and $79.28, with an estimated average price of $69.27.   The stock is now traded at around $73.94. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 540 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  Marathon Petroleum Corp by 163.07%.  The purchase prices were between $48.19 and $55.03, with an estimated average price of $51.63.   The stock is now traded at around $53.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.97%. The holdings were 25,591 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: PBF Energy Inc (PBF)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  PBF Energy Inc by 3709.48%.  The purchase prices were between $19.32 and $23.1, with an estimated average price of $21.46.   The stock is now traded at around $21.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 4,419 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: The Michaels Companies Inc (MIK)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  The Michaels Companies Inc by 2844.00%.  The purchase prices were between $17.51 and $24.02, with an estimated average price of $20.87.   The stock is now traded at around $18.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,472 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: United States Steel Corp (X)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  United States Steel Corp by 91.43%.  The purchase prices were between $19.17 and $34.72, with an estimated average price of $23.91.   The stock is now traded at around $22.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 2,749 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Frontier Communications Corp (FTR)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  Frontier Communications Corp by 108.97%.  The purchase prices were between $16.8 and $32.1, with an estimated average price of $23.1.   The stock is now traded at around $13.20. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 2,596 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: HollyFrontier Corp (HFC)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. added to the holdings in  HollyFrontier Corp by 23.48%.  The purchase prices were between $23.9 and $28.82, with an estimated average price of $26.7.   The stock is now traded at around $26.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 2,382 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: Novartis AG (NVS)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  Novartis AG.  The sale prices were between $72.74 and $86.34, with an estimated average price of $78.95. Sold Out: Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  Janus Capital Group Inc.  The sale prices were between $12.81 and $14.62, with an estimated average price of $13.68. Sold Out: McDonald's Corp (MCD)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  McDonald's Corp.  The sale prices were between $129.29 and $154.8, with an estimated average price of $144.15. Sold Out: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector (XLE)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector.  The sale prices were between $63.95 and $70.9, with an estimated average price of $67.27. Sold Out: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial (XLF)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial.  The sale prices were between $22.9 and $24.69, with an estimated average price of $23.72. Sold Out: JC Penney Co Inc (JCP)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. sold out the holdings in  JC Penney Co Inc.  The sale prices were between $4.33 and $6.16, with an estimated average price of $5.14. Reduced: Alliance Resource Partners LP (ARLP)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  Alliance Resource Partners LP by 98.39%.  The sale prices were between $18.2 and $23.1, with an estimated average price of $21.66.   The stock is now traded at around $20.25. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.39%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 255 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Eaton Vance Corp (EV)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  Eaton Vance Corp by 93%.  The sale prices were between $42.42 and $48.71, with an estimated average price of $45.46.   The stock is now traded at around $48.37. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.1%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 150 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Western Refining Inc (WNR)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  Western Refining Inc by 89.89%.  The sale prices were between $32.99 and $36.67, with an estimated average price of $35.09.   The stock is now traded at around $36.18. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.04%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 124 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  Molina Healthcare Inc by 31%.  The sale prices were between $45.6 and $71.33, with an estimated average price of $60.99.   The stock is now traded at around $70.41. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.03%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 1,409 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: NVR Inc (NVR)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  NVR Inc by 38.1%.  The sale prices were between $2065.08 and $2488.59, with an estimated average price of $2249.52.   The stock is now traded at around $2525.80. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 13 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Office Depot Inc (ODP)Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. reduced to the holdings in  Office Depot Inc by 23.54%.  The sale prices were between $4.65 and $5.66, with an estimated average price of $5.12.   The stock is now traded at around $5.76. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. still held 10,698 shares as of 2017-06-30. Here is the complete portfolio of Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.. Also check out:
1. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.'s Undervalued Stocks
2. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.'s Top Growth Companies, and
3. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.'s High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc. keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with Marathon Petroleum Corp $MPC.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

filmwatcherStable Dividend GrowersmonomythJ Crew competitionWellrossFuture F Portfoliomarco.forzaniSHORT 2pbarker4652 week lowsunnywhyWEI_ShortSqueezesamuelbfoxMini-Magic ScreenMNVBen's last filter 1dellmsftInsider CEO Buying ReidHOLKLSUMini Group IT Financial and In

→MPC Price Chart





$55.34 (1y: +50%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 12:05 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Weaver C. Barksdale and Associates, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to corporations, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, financial institutions, healthcare entities, religious organizations, state and local governing bodies, foundations, endowments, universities, associations, and family offices.  It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For its equity investments, it typically invests in value stocks of large-cap companies. The firm employs qu...
Weaver C. Barksdale and Associates, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to corporations, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, financial institutions, healthcare entities, religious organizations, state and local governing bodies, foundations, endowments, universities, associations, and family offices.  It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For its equity investments, it typically invests in value stocks of large-cap companies. The firm employs quantitative, technical, fundamental, and economic analysis with a bottom-up and top-down stock selection approach. For its fixed income investments, it invests in high quality corporate bonds, mortgage backed securities, corporate and government agency notes, assets backed notes, and high yield debt. The firm employs a quantitative, valuation, fundamental, technical, and economic analysis with a top-down security picking approach to make its fixed income investments. It benchmarks the performance of its fixed income portfolios against the Lehman Brothers 1-5 Year Government/Credit Index, the Lehman Brothers Intermediate Government/Credit Index, the Merrill Lynch US High Yield Master II Index, and the Lehman Brothers Intermediate Aggregate index. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against the Russell 1000 Growth Index, Russell 100 Large Cap Index, and S&P 500 Index. It obtains external research to compliment its in-house research while making investments. Weaver C. Barksdale and Associates, Inc. was founded in December 1984 and is based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Detailed Description


One Burton Hills BoulevardSuite 100Nashville, TN 37215United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 615-665-1085

Fax: 615-665-1087

www.wcbarksdale.com







Key Executives for Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc.




Mr. John Edward McDowell


      	President, Chief Executive Officer, and Founding Principal
      








Mr. Timothy Aaron Carpenter


      	Principal, Chief Operations Manager, and Fixed Income Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Charles Harry Webb CFA


      	Chief Investment Officer and Principal
      








Ms. Ann Loden Roberts


      	Principal and Executive Vice President
      








Mr. Frank Gillette Puryear CFA


      	Principal, Senior Fixed Income Portfolio Manager, and Director of Research
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates, Inc., please visit www.wcbarksdale.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates




























































Integrity,   Strength,       Performance



 Barksdale & Associates is dedicated to excellence in the management of customized investment portfolios for institutional investors. 







Who We AreThe company is owned by the professional staff, who are readily accessible to clients at all times. The firm is totally committed to client satisfaction in both portfolio management and the client services offered.Read More About UsProduct OverviewFixed IncomeControlled RiskManaged CashShort Controlled RiskIntermediate Controlled RiskCore Aggregate Controlled RiskCore Government Credit Controlled RiskHigh YieldCore PlusSeparate AccountShort Duration High YieldCoreEnhanced CashShort DurationIntermediate







EquityFundamental Revenue Weighted Indexation S&P 500S&P 600 Small CapS&P 400 MidcapEAFEDiversified ValueStrong Cash FlowLarge Cap Value TiltEqual WeightedLow TurnoverFully InvestedDiverse SectorsProprietary ResearchWCB utilizes a number of proprietary models to make decisions on sector allocation, yield curve positioning, and duration exposure. These models have been developed over the past thirty years by Charles Webb, CIO, and Frank Puryear, Senior Portfolio Manager. Approximately 75% of the research is generated internally. WCB begins with a top-down approach utilizing proprietary correlation models as well as economic, duration, and broad sector analysis.  WCB overlays further quantitative analysis on sectors, credit and yield curve.  Traditional, fundamental bottom-up credit research is incorporated throughout. Examples of the many proprietary predictive and analytical models that we have developed over the years include various bond valuation and rating models on corporate and mortgage sectors, yield curve reversion-to-the-mean models, and various models that forecast the yield curve, GDP, inflation, and future Fed funds rates.


























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


