
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Karen Weaver - Principal Accounting Officer at Amyris, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Karen Weaver
Principal Accounting Officer at Amyris, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Public Holdings 


Karen Weaver
Principal Accounting Officer at Amyris, Inc.



 Overview



Age



56
                                  (Born 1961)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 222 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




John G. Melo

President & Chief Executive Officer at Amyris, Inc.




L. John Doerr III

Chairman at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers LLC





Christophe Vuillez

Senior Vice President, Head-Strategy, Development & Research at Total S.A.




Vinod Khosla

Founder at Khosla Ventures LLC





Tamara L. Tompkins

General Counsel & Chief Administrative Officer at Khosla Ventures LLC




Stephen Dobson

Assistant Secretary at Amyris, Inc.





Christine Ofori

Chief Human Resources Officer at Amyris, Inc.




Joel Cherry

President, Research & Development at Amyris, Inc.





Peter DeNardo

Director-Investor Relations & Communications at Amyris, Inc.




Kathleen Valiasek

Chief Financial Officer at Amyris, Inc.







See 212 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 212 More 


 


 Paths to Karen Weaver



            Karen Weaver          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Karen Weaver






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Karen Weaver.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Principal Accounting Officer

                                    2012 - Current                


Amyris, Inc.


                  Amyris is building an integrated renewable products company. Founded in 2003 and based in Emeryville, CA, Amyris is using breakthrough science and an innovative business model to address some of our planet’s most daunting problems.

We first developed our technology under a non-profit initiative to provide a reliable and affordable source of artemisinin, a highly effective anti-malarial therapeutic. We are now applying our industrial synthetic biology platform to provide alternatives to a broad range of petroleum-sourced products. No Compromise® renewable fuels and chemicals are being designed to perform comparably to, or better than, the products they will replace.

Amyris is establishing the partnerships and capabilities needed to bring our products to market as early as 2011, and to distribute these products directly to customers. Amyris subsidiaries include Amyris Brasil S.A., a majority-owned Brasilian company through which we conduct our Brasilian operations for the manufacture and trade of our products, and Amyris Fuels, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary through which we are building our U.S. fuels distribution capabilities                




Vice President & Corporate Controller

                                    2006 - 2011                


Sonic Solutions LLC


                  Sonic Solutions, Inc. develops computer software related to the multimedia and interactive functions. It offers products under the brands Roxio, RoxioNow, DivX, and MainConcept. The company was founded by Robert J. Doris and Mary C. Sauer in 1986 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Karen Weaver is affiliated with
                            Amyris, Inc., Sonic Solutions LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Upstate Esthetics | Skin Care | Greenville SC















































 About Karen |  Karen About Flint

























































Home
About

About Karen
Family


My Platform
Events
Media
News
Contribute
Contact Us

Contact Us



























Biography – Karen Williams Weaver



Karen Williams Weaver was born and raised in Flint, Michigan, on Flint’s north side. She is the youngest of three children born to Dr. T. Wendell Williams and Marion Coates Williams. She attended the Flint public schools, and graduated from Flint Northern High School in 1977. From there she went to University of Michigan-Flint, and graduated with her bachelor’s degree in psychology from Tougaloo College, in Tougaloo, Mississippi. She went on to get her Master’s degree from Long Island University, in Brooklyn, NY, and her PhD in clinical psychology from Michigan State University.
 Professionally, Dr. Williams Weaver has held several leadership positions, such as Director of Behavioral Services, Mott Children’s Health Center, 2000-2010; Chief Operating Officer of Ennis Center for Children, September, 2012-March 2014; and is currently an Entrepreneur and Owner of Shea Lavelle Boutique a specialty store for natural skin, hair and body products.







Karen Williams Weaver was born and raised in Flint, Michigan, on Flint’s north side. She is the youngest of three children born to Dr. T. Wendell Williams and Marion Coates Williams. She attended the Flint public schools, and graduated from Flint Northern High School in 1977. From there she went to University of Michigan-Flint, and graduated with her bachelor’s degree in psychology from Tougaloo College, in Tougaloo, Mississippi. She went on to get her Master’s degree from Long Island University, in Brooklyn, NY, and her PhD in clinical psychology from Michigan State University.
Professionally, Dr. Williams Weaver has held several leadership positions, such as Director of Behavioral Services, Mott Children’s Health Center, 2000-2010; Chief Operating Officer of Ennis Center for Children, September, 2012-March 2014; and is currently an Entrepreneur and Owner of Shea Lavelle Boutique a specialty store for natural skin, hair and body products.
She also serves the Flint and Genesee County Community in a variety of leadership roles including: The Hurley Board of Managers; The Community Foundation of Greater Flint; Priority Children and has served as Flint NAACP Freedom Fund Chair, since 2012. Dr. Williams Weaver love for the arts led her to serve on the board of the Flint Institute of Arts as well as past president of the Pierians Inc., Flint Chapter, a group dedicated to exposing the arts to inner city youth. She is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Zeta Beta Omega Chapter and a lifelong member of Vernon Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church. (AMEC)
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver has received many awards an honors including, but not limited to:
Special recognition award from National Alliance for the Mentally Ill (NAMI) for helping to bring mental health screening for teens to the Flint/Genesee county area; National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa , Inc., Gamma Delta Chapter Living Legend Award; and the Flint Branch NAACP Volunteer Award with the last two being received in March of 2014.
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver says “my philosophy of life is: I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me (Philippians 4:13). From a child up, my parents always inspired me to be a leader, and stand up for what I believe in. They taught me the importance of having God in your life first and foremost, love of family, and being active in your community.”
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver has been married to her childhood friend, Dr. Wrex A. Weaver for almost 28 years. They have three young adult children that attend college, Adrienne Marie, Alanna Nicole, and Douglas Quentin.








HIGHLIGHTS OF CIVIC/COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS
Current and Past Board member of :
Priority Children; The Community Foundation of Greater Flint; The Hurley Board of Managers; The Flint Institute of Arts; Flint NAACP Freedom Fund Chair, since 2012; Former member of Pierians, Inc., Flint Chapter; Member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Zeta Beta Omega Chapter; Lifelong member of Vernon Chapel AME Church.

 


AWARDS/HONORS
Flint Branch NAACP Celia Turner Humanitarian Award on March 14, 2015; Special recognition award from National Alliance for the Mentally Ill (NAMI) for helping to bring mental health screening for teens to the Flint/Genesee county area; Flint Branch NAACP Volunteer Award, March 15, 2014; National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa , Inc., Gamma Delta Chapter; Living Legend Award, March 1, 2014















© 2017 Karen About Flint. Designed by Modgear 



    










































 About |  Karen About Flint

























































Home
About

About Karen
Family


My Platform
Events
Media
News
Contribute
Contact Us

Contact Us













			
						
							
				[grid_8]
biography

Karen Williams Weaver was born and raised in Flint, Michigan, on Flint’s north side. She is the youngest of three children born to Dr. T. Wendell Williams and Marion Coates Williams. She attended the Flint public schools, and graduated from Flint Northern High School in 1977. From there she went to University of Michigan-Flint, and graduated with her bachelor’s degree in psychology from Tougaloo College, in Tougaloo, Mississippi. She went on to get her Master’s degree from Long Island University, in Brooklyn, NY, and her PhD in clinical psychology from Michigan State University.
 
Professionally, Dr. Williams Weaver has held several leadership positions, such as Director of Behavioral Services, Mott Children’s Health Center, 2000-2010; Chief Operating Officer of Ennis Center for Children, September, 2012-March 2014; and is currently an Entrepreneur and Owner of Shea Lavelle Boutique a specialty store for natural skin, hair and body products.
She also serves the Flint and Genesee County Community in a variety of leadership roles including: The Hurley Board of Managers; The Community Foundation of Greater Flint; Priority Children and has served as Flint NAACP Freedom Fund Chair, since 2012. Dr. Williams Weaver love for the arts led her to serve on the board of the Flint Institute of Arts as well as past president of the Pierians Inc., Flint Chapter, a group dedicated to exposing the arts to inner city youth. She is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Zeta Beta Omega Chapter and a lifelong member of Vernon Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church. (AMEC)
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver has received many awards an honors including, but not limited to:
Special recognition award from National Alliance for the Mentally Ill (NAMI) for helping to bring mental health screening for teens to the Flint/Genesee county area; National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa , Inc., Gamma Delta Chapter Living Legend Award; and the Flint Branch NAACP Volunteer Award with the last two being received in March of 2014.
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver says “my philosophy of life is: I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me (Philippians 4:13). From a child up, my parents always inspired me to be a leader, and stand up for what I believe in. They taught me the importance of having God in your life first and foremost, love of family, and being active in your community.”
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver has been married to her childhood friend, Dr. Wrex A. Weaver for almost 28 years, and they have three children, Adrienne Marie, Alanna Nicole, and Douglas Quentin. Her children are young adults and attend college.
 
[spacer]
[/grid_8]
[grid_4]
accomplishments




Tire Buy Back Event
Webmaster   | Community, Quality of Life   | 
					No Comments 

City of Flint to Hold Tire Buy Back Event What:    Free Tire Disposal & Buy Back Event When:   Saturday, June 10, 2017  10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Where:  Environmental Rubber…




1,291 Homes Replaced So Far
Webmaster   | Community, Health, Quality of Life, Safety   | 
					No Comments 

Pipes at 1,291 Homes Replaced So Far through Mayor Weaver’s FAST Start Initiative FLINT, Mich. — Lead-tainted service lines at 405 homes have been replaced so far in Phase 4…




Neighborhood Business Initiative
Webmaster   | Business, Community, Economic Development   | 
					No Comments 

Media Advisory Flint City Officials to Announce Neighborhood Business Initiative WHO:        Flint Mayor Karen Weaver & Members of local business community WHAT:       Press Briefing WHEN:      Friday, May…




Statement from Mayor Weaver on Tax Lien Notices
Webmaster   | Accountability, Business, Community, Economic Development, Quality of Life   | 
					No Comments 

Statement from Mayor Weaver on Tax Lien Notices Issued in Flint Flint, Mich — Mayor Weaver issued the following statement today in response to the developments regarding the City of Flint…


	
	
[spacer]

[/grid_4]
[clear]
	
							
	
		






© 2017 Karen About Flint. Designed by Modgear 



    




































Karen Weaver's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Karen Weaver#126934@karen__weaverCustomer Support17Following5FollowersFollow3 UpvotesRequests for StartupsA place to discover ideas that VCs & angels want to fund Venture Capital+ 2 save 1170 67Slack ChatsA place to discover and join private Slack groups Tech+ 1 save 747 53Jeff Morris Jr.Director of CRM & Engagement, TinderTech save 120 6Share this profile









Philippians: Pursuing Joy by Jim Weaver (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Philippians: Pursuing Joy
                


By Jim Weaver,                                                         Karen Weaver 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 148 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $10.00
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Pursing Joy is a women's Bible study book written for group or individual study that traces the theme of Christian joy through Paul's letter to the Philippians. The joy spoken of in Philippians is not a fleeting or fickle feeling of happiness but the supreme happines that comes to a soul surrendered to and secure in Christ--a soul at rest in Him. Readers will appreciate how the authors of this book bring Philippians right into our own world with clear verse-by-verse Bible Study, gripping illustrations and vivid application. Included in each chapter are questions for reflection and suggestions for further application. This book is written with both new and veteran Bible students in mind. Chapter titles include the following: Joyful Partnership, Joy in Suffering, Joy in Humility, Joyful Friendship, Gospel Joy, Future Joy, Joyful Peace, and the Joy of Contentment








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  29613 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

ISBN
    9781300282471

Copyright
        Jim Weaver (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
First Edition
Publisher
Lulu Pres
Published
    February 16, 2013

Language
English
Pages
148
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.61 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/jim-weaver-and-karen-weaver/philippians-pursuing-joy/paperback/product-20701207.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

joy,                Philippians,                Bible Study,                Suffering,                Gospel,                Paul 
Listed In

 Religion & Spirituality












Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




 


Mayor’s Bio – City of Flint












































































Home
Department Listing

City Attorney
City Clerk
City Council
RTAB
Finance
Mayor’s Office
Planning and Development
Public Safety
Public Works


 






















Mayor Dr. Karen Weaver

  Karen Williams Weaver was born and raised in Flint, Michigan, on city’s north side. She is the youngest of three children born to Dr. T. Wendell Williams and Marion Coates Williams. She attended the Flint public schools, and graduated from Flint Northern High School in 1977. From there she went to University of Michigan-Flint, and graduated with her bachelor’s degree in psychology from Tougaloo College, in Tougaloo, Mississippi. She went on to get her Master’s degree from Long Island University, in Brooklyn, NY, and her PhD in clinical psychology from Michigan State University.
Professionally, Dr. Karen Williams Weaver has held several leadership positions, such as Director of Behavioral Services, Mott Children’s Health Center, 2000-2010; Chief Operating Officer of Ennis Center for Children, September, 2012-March 2014; and is currently an Entrepreneur and Owner of Shea Lavelle Boutique a specialty store for natural skin, hair and body products.
Mayor Karen Weaver has also served in the Flint and Genesee County Community in a variety of leadership roles including: The Hurley Board of Managers; The Community Foundation of Greater Flint; Priority Children and has served as Flint NAACP Freedom Fund Chair, since 2012. Her love for the arts led her to serve on the board of the Flint Institute of Arts as well as past president of the Pierians Inc., Flint Chapter, a group dedicated to exposing the arts to inner city youth. She is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Zeta Beta Omega Chapter and a lifelong member of Vernon Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church. (AMEC)
Mayor Karen Weaver has received many awards an honors including, but not limited to:
Special recognition award from National Alliance for the Mentally Ill (NAMI) for helping to bring mental health screening for teens to the Flint/Genesee county area; National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa , Inc., Gamma Delta Chapter Living Legend Award; and the Flint Branch NAACP Volunteer Award with the last two being received in March of 2014.
Dr. Karen Williams Weaver says, “my philosophy of life is: I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me (Philippians 4:13). From a child up, my parents always inspired me to be a leader, and stand up for what I believe in. They taught me the importance of having God in your life first and foremost, love of family, and being active in your community.”
Mayor Karen Weaver has been married to her childhood friend, Dr. Wrex A. Weaver for almost 28 years, and they have three children, Adrienne Marie, Alanna Nicole, and Douglas Quentin. Her children are young adults and attend college.







 







































