



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









WEBER -PAUL- INC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    WEBER -PAUL- INC











Company number 162702
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 000000000
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 4/28/1955
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/21/1950
        

Principal Address



Mailing Address

Registered Agent

Agent Name  (p)
        

Agent Address
                FL
                






WEBER -PAUL- INC Events

1 DISSOLVED BY        PROCLAMATION
            

filedDate 4/28/1955
            

Description
WEBER -PAUL- INC has been set up 8/21/1950 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The WEBER -PAUL- INC principal adress is private address. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to same as principal. 
The company`s registered agent is  FL.  
The company`s management are . The last significant event in the company history is DISSOLVED BY        PROCLAMATION which is dated by 4/28/1955. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
WEBER PEST MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.
WEBER PILLAR TO POST INSPECTIONS, INC.
WEBER PRECISION AIRSOFT
WEBER PROPERTIES, INC
WEBER PROPERTIES, INC.
WEBER PROPERTY VENTURES LLC














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Weber, Paul D.







































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                









Home

My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Blog
Log In



Privacy Policy
About Us
Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement
Submission for Publication




Advanced Search

 
















Search:

Search







 













Composer BiosChoralOrganInstrumentalChildrenPianoHandbellVocalAudioWeddingBooksCopyrights 

Categories

Composer BiosChoralOrganInstrumentalChildrenPianoHandbellVocalAudioWeddingBooksCopyrights 
















Home
>


Composer Bios
>


W
>


Weber, Paul D.





Paul
 D. Weber (b. 1949) is Professor of Church Music and Director of Choral
 Activities and the Sacred Music Program at Lenoir-Rhyne University,
 Hickory, North Carolina. Since 1999 he has served as Director
 of the Lenoir-Rhyne University A Cappella Choir, which has
 toured for seventy-three years throughout the United States
 and has made ten European tours, the most recent in May 2007
 to Russia, Finland, and Estonia. Weber is also the conductor
 of the Lenoir-Rhyne College Singers and the Chapel Choir.
 Since 1996 he has served as coordinator of the university’s
 Sacred Music Program, developing it into a nationally recognized
 course of study whose students have attained several honors
 and awards, have won competitions and are currently serving
 local congregations or in graduate programs. 
 Weber’s hymns, anthems, and liturgical settings are sung across the church
 community. He is a contributing composer to new hymnals of the Evangelical
 Lutheran Church in America and the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. He
 is also the editor of the new choral series from MorningStar Music Publishers
 entitled, “Sacred Music from Lenoir-Rhyne.” 
Weber won the 1995 Chautauqua Chamber Singers Choral Composition Contest for
 the anthem, “Prayer for Unity.” In 1995 and again in 1997, he won
 the Association of Lutheran Church Musicians’ national composition contest
 with his setting of “Morning Prayer” and the canticle “I
 Will Sing the Story of Your Love”. In 1986, he was commissioned to write
 the music for the theme hymn of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America “Come,
 Share the Spirit”, and in 1988, he was awarded the St. Olaf Prize for
 his hymn text “So Great A Cloud of Witnesses”. 
In 2003, Weber received the Raabe Prize for Excellence in Sacred Composition
 from the Association of Lutheran Church Musicians for a career of outstanding
 contributions to the profession as exemplified in a specific work. The winning
 anthem “Arise, Shine!” was first sung by the Lenoir-Rhyne University
 A Cappella Choir on its 2001 Spring Concert Tour and subsequently by the National
 Lutheran Choir, the Cantorei and Chapel Choir of St. Olaf College, and Luther
 College’s Nordic and Cathedral Choirs. 
In February 2007, Weber served as producer for an album of hymn arrangements
 from the new hymnal of the ELCA, Evangelical Lutheran Worship, which
 features the A Cappella Choir and Lenoir-Rhyne Youth Chorus in new hymn settings
 for choir, organ, and instruments¬–many arranged by Weber and former
 graduate of Lenoir-Rhyne University, Michael Costello. 
His compositions exemplify the continuation of the Lutheran tradition. His “Magnificat” (1997)
 for soprano and treble soloists, chamber orchestra, mixed choir, and treble
 chorus received public acclaim in performances throughout the southeast and
 abroad and was given its 10th anniversary performance in December of 2007. “Letztes
 Gebet” a setting of Martin Luther’s last prayer was premiered by
 the A Cappella Choir in concert venues throughout Germany, including performances
 at Luther’s grave in a service of worship at the Castle Church of Wittenberg.
 His dramatic setting of Psalm 99 “The Lord Reigns” was premiered
 by the Lenoir-Rhyne Youth Chorus at the 200th anniversary service of the North
 Carolina Synod (ELCA) and received subsequent performances at St. Philip’s
 Cathedral, Atlanta under the direction of Bruce Neswick, and at St. George’s
 Windsor Castle, England by the Lenoir-Rhyne Youth Chorus.
Weber received a doctor of musical arts degree in choral conducting from The
 University of Iowa, a master of musical arts degree in composition from Yale
 University, and a master of music degree in organ performance & composition
 from Washington University, St. Louis. His composition teachers have included
 Krzysztof Penderecki, Jacob Druckman, Bruce MacCombie, Roland Jordan, and Ralph
 Schultz. He has studied conducting and repertoire with Tamara Brooks, Richard
 Bloesch, Jon Bailey, and Joseph Flummerfelt. Prior to his tenure at Lenoir-Rhyne
 University, Weber held conducting positions at Thiel College in Greenville,
 Pennsylvania as well as The Albertson College of Idaho in Caldwell, Idaho.
 He was in the first graduating class of Christ Seminary-Seminex and received
 a master of divinity degree through the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago.
 A resident of St. Louis during his high school years, he attended Concordia
 College in Bronxville, New York and Concordia Senior College in Ft. Wayne,
 Indiana before registering at Concordia Seminary in St. Louis, Missouri. He
 was ordained in 1979 and remains on the clergy roster of the Evangelical Lutheran
 Church in America. Choral
 music by Paul D. Weber 











 



Information


Privacy Policy
About Us
Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement
Submission for Publication


Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us




Sales Information


Events
Rental
Music Dealers
Digital Catalogs
Request a Catalog
Information about Downloadable Products
Newsletter Archive




My account


Login/Create a Login
Login/Dashboard Help & Tutorials
View Cart
Account Dashboard
My Wishlist
My Past Orders
My Product Reviews
My Tags
My Downloadable Products




Get Social

      




Partner Sites










© 2014 ECS Publishing Group. All Rights Reserved.
800-647-2117 toll-free
					636-305-0100 local
					1727 Larkin Williams Road
					St. Louis, Missouri 63026




















Artrip & Weber - Attorneys at Law, Cornwall NY 12518 - Paul N. Weber





























HomeAreas of PracticeCriminal DefenseWills, Trusts & EstatePersonal InjuryReal EstateD W IDivorceTraffic OffensesCustody AttorneysJoseph J. ArtripPaul N. WeberContact


 






















			You are here:  
		

Home

						/					



Attorneys

						/					




					Paul N. Weber				








				Paul N. Weber, Esq.			



Paul N. Weber is a local product having graduated from Newburgh Free Academy in 1985. Then during a distinguished 20-year career with the City of Newburgh Police Department he became a graduate of Quinnipiac University, earning a Master’s degree in Business Administration and Quinnipiac School of Law, earning a Juris Doctor.
Mr. Weber began his legal career as a trial attorney for a large personal injury firm and eventually opened his own practice in 2005. During his solo career, he focused his areas of practice around matrimonial law and personal injury. His practice then expanded into the areas of estate planning, debt collection and no-fault arbitrations.
Mr. Weber is also an experienced appellate practitioner and is admitted to practice in the Federal Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts.
He is a frequent lecturer of police officers on a variety of legal topics including Constitutional Law, Search and Seizure, and the Penal Law.
In 2011, Mr. Weber joined Joseph J. Artrip to form the Law Office of Artrip & Weber.
Mr. Weber is a member of the New York State, Orange County and Dutchess County bar associations and the New York State Defenders Association.
 



HomeAreas of PracticeAttorneysContact




Areas of Practice

Wills, Trusts & Estate PlanningPersonal InjuryReal EstateTraffic OffensesDWIDivorceCriminal DefenseCustody Support & Maintenance


Verdicts & Settlements










                                
                                    $24,000 No Fault award
                                                                    

New York, NY- Our firm successfully fought and won a $24,000 No-Fault arbitration award for a client whose insurance company refused to pay for her shoulder surgery following a motor…


                                    Readmore..                                









                                
                                    $100,000 for Broken Thumb
                                                                    

Rockland County- Our firm recently obtained an award of $100,000 for our client who suffered a broken thumb during a motorcycle accident in Ramapo, NY.


                                    Readmore..                                









                                
                                    $35,000 for Nose Fracture
                                                                    

Albany, NY- Our firm recently obtained a $35,000 recovery for a female college student whose nose was slightly fractured while participating in a "mosh pit."


                                    Readmore..                                








 

Our Office Location

Artrip & Weber Attorneys at Law45 Quaker Avenue, Suite 208Cornwall, New York 12518Tel: (845) 534-2968Fax: (845) 458-5698Paul N. Weber: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Joseph J. Artrip: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.














All Rights Reserved ArtripWeberLaw.com l Powered by PLAZA MARQUEE










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Weber Paul MD PHD                                                                                                        - Long Beach                                        , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Long Beach



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Gynecologist



                            Weber Paul MD PHD
                                    



 





















W 


Weber Paul MD PHD                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2888 LONG BEACH BLVD LONG BEACH, CA 90806
Get Directions



(562) 595-5380
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $300,000.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Gynecologist
 Contacts Jeannette J Benz                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Weber Paul Md Phd                                                                                                        was founded in 2007, and is located at 2888 Long Beach Blvd in Long Beach. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Jeannette J Benz                                                                                                         at (562) 595-5380. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Weber, Paul R Md in Long Beach, CA 90806 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Long Beach
» Arts & Entertainment
» Weber, Paul R Md













Weber, Paul R Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2888 Long Beach Blvd Ste 165 Long Beach, California 90806


(562) 595-5380


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Weber, Paul R Md is located at the address 2888 Long Beach Blvd in Long Beach, California 90806.  They can be contacted via phone at (562) 595-5380 for pricing, hours and directions.  Weber, Paul R Md has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Paul  Weber, Weber, Paul R Md provides Braces, Dentures, Repairs to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Weber, Paul R Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Weber, Paul R Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Home Care Equipment
, Lift Chairs
, Hearing Protection
, Respiratory Equipment
, Diabetic Supplies
, Nebulizers
, Ear Molds / Ear Plugs
, Directional Hearing Aids



SERVICES


Braces
, Consultations
, Dentures
, Partials
, Root Canals
, Repairs
, Sealants
, Crowns
, Hospitals
, Referrals



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (562) 595-5380
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 280000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Arts & Entertainment
Travel Services
Urgent Care & Ambulatory Surgery
Medical Equipment & Supplies Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Health Care
Outpatient Care Centers
Commercial Equipment Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


Weatherford


3356 Lime Ave  Long Beach, California 90755




In His Image Photography


2107 Cherry Ave  Long Beach, California 90755




Szal, Gregory Md


4201 Country Club Dr  Long Beach, California 90807




Enerod Co.


2245 E Artesia Blvd  Long Beach, California 90805




Concentra Medical Center


3777 Long Beach Blvd 300 Ste Long Beach, California 90807




Hyatt Regency Long Beach


200 S Pine Avenue  Long Beach, California 90802





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Paul  Weber

Phone: (562) 595-5380 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Stephen Paul Weber's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Stephen Paul Weber#299937@singpolymasingpolyma.net/16Following49FollowersFollow7 UpvotesCozy ClassicsAdorable, well-loved stories in just 12 wordsBooks save 2 0Stick’s MasterpieceYou're more creative than you think.Books save 3 0Kung FuryAn epic 80s-themed Kung Fu action movieVideo Streaming+ 4 save 1027 38TechyGet your laptop repaired, anywhere (now on-demand in DC!) Tech save 71 6KeyboardioMaking keyboards better.Tech save 17 4JamendoRoyalty free music downloadsTech+ 1 save 3 0TutanotaGet your encrypted mailbox for free.Tech+ 1 save 5 1Share this profile








	Welcome to Q University | Weber.com











































































globe















weber-logo
For life!











menu-arrow-down


menu-arrow-down
















 





















menu-arrow-down


menu-arrow-down

























magnifier


















cart-full























 




menu-arrow-down



menu-arrow-down



























cart-big-outline






























weber-logo

For life!








cart-full























 




menu-arrow-down



menu-arrow-down



























cart-big-outline



























magnifier























menu-arrow-down


menu-arrow-down






























































































































Welcome to Q UniversityCollege Edition GrillsSign up below
Go Grill. Go Tigers.
Go Grill. Go Noles®.
Go Grill. Go Blue™.
Go Grill. Go Big Red™.
Go Grill. Go Longhorns.
Go Grill.  Go Badgers™.
Welcome to Q UniversityCollege Edition GrillsSign up below














Drag slider or click to explore grills
 
Welcome to Q UniversityCollege Edition Grills — Sign up below

Auburn College Edition
Florida State College Edition
Michigan College Edition
Nebraska® College Edition
Texas College Edition
Wisconsin College Edition

Drag slider or click to explore grills
 
Welcome to Q UniversityCollege Edition Grills — Sign up below















  
Want to grill with college pride? Represent your favorite school with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale this summer.
Want to grill with Auburn pride? Represent the Tigers with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with Florida State pride? Represent the Seminoles with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with Michigan pride? Represent the Wolverines with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with Nebraska® pride? Represent the Huskers® with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with Texas pride? Represent the Longhorns with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with Wisconsin pride? Represent the Badgers with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale summer 2016.
Want to grill with college pride? Represent your favorite school with the new Weber® college edition Q® 1200™ gas grills. These grills have all the power of standard models with 189 sq inches of cooking area, built-in thermometer and folding side tables; but with some college flare.  Grills available for sale this summer.
  


Sorry, the promotion you are trying to access has ended or is no longer available.







Grill Information



Tailgating Tips



Recipes





Proud Sponsor of Texas Athletics























For a better experience on Weber.com, enable JavaScript in your browser.





	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































