



VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES, | 157 S.W.3d 256 (2004) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
S.W.3d
157 S.W.3d
157 S.W.3d 256 (2004)



					 
				




								VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES, INC. v. MAY DEPT. STORES CO.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. ED 83916.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




157 S.W.3d 256 (2004)


VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES, INC., and
Mark J. Weikel, Respondents,
v.
The MAY DEPARTMENT STORES COMPANY, Appellant.


Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, Division Four.
December 21, 2004.
Motion for Rehearing and/or Transfer Denied March 3, 2005.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Thomas C. Walsh (Bryan Cave), Mark S. Deiermann, St. Louis, MO, for appellant.
William M. Corrigan, Jr., Ann E. Buckley, Armstrong Teasdale LLP, St. Louis, MO, Michael G. Long, Kimberly Weber Herlihy, Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease  LLP, Columbus, OH, for Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc.
John Gianoulakis, Kohn, Shands, Elbert, Gianoulakis & Giljum, LLP, St. Louis, MO, Anthony J. Ashley, Vedder, Price, Kaufman & Kammholz, Chicago, IL, for Mark J. Weikel.





Motion for Rehearing and/or Transfer to Supreme Court Denied March 3, 2005.
LAWRENCE G. CRAHAN, Judge.
The May Department Stores Company ("May") appeals a judgment declaring that its former employee, Mark J. Weikel ("Weikel"), would not be in violation of the non-competition provisions of his employment contract by accepting a position with Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc. ("VSS"). We affirm.
Weikel was employed by May as Chairman of its Foley's Department Store ("Foley's") division. In 2000, Weikel and May entered into an Employment Agreement ("Agreement") whereby Weikel would render personal services to Foley's from May 15, 2000 until April 30, 2003 (later extended to April 30, 2005).
In the Agreement, Weikel agreed to the following provision:
At all times while you are employed by May and for two years after your employment terminates, you will not directly or indirectly:
(i) own, manage, operate, finance, join, control, advise, consult, render services to, have an interest or future interest in or participate in the ownership, management, operation, financing or control of, or be employed by or connected in any manner with any Competing Business ...
The section of the agreement defining "Competing Business" provides:
"Competing Business" includes, but is not limited to, (i) any (x) retail department store, specialty store or other retail business that sells goods or merchandise of the types sold in May's (or its subsidiaries' or divisions') stores at retail to consumers or (y) any group of such stores or businesses or any other business that (A) competes (for customers, suppliers, employees or any other resource) with May or a May subsidiary, division or store; (B) is located in the United States ...; and (C) had annual gross sales volume or revenues... in the prior fiscal year of more than $25 million ...; or
....
(iii) any business in the United States or another country where May or a May subsidiary or division operates a store or stores in which your duties and functions would be substantially similar to your duties and functions under this Agreement and that is in material competition with May or a May subsidiary or division.
The Agreement further provided that either party could seek a judicial determination of its rights under the Agreement and that the parties would abide by their obligations under the Agreement until the court entered a final judgment.
In the spring of 2003, VSS made Weikel an offer to become its Chief Operating Officer. Weikel considered this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. After negotiations between his counsel and VSS, Weikel entered into an indemnification agreement with VSS, but he did not accept the offer of employment or sign an employment agreement. The following business day, Weikel met with his boss, Drew Pickman ("Pickman"), to tell him of the offer from VSS and to seek May's agreement that his acceptance of VSS's offer would not violate the terms of the restrictive covenant or any other contractual obligations to May because VSS is not a competitor of May. Weikel requested an immediate response because both he and VSS were anxious to  begin their relationship. Weikel pledged to continue to faithfully perform all of his duties under the Agreement and offered to assist May with the transition to a new Chairman of Foley's.
Pickman told Weikel that he wanted him to stay and that he would work with the CEO of May to persuade him to stay. Pickman told Weikel that he believed VSS was a competitor of May and asked for more time to respond. Weikel told Pickman he needed an answer that day.
Because May would not agree that VSS and May are not competitors, Weikel and VSS filed the underlying declaratory judgment action seeking a declaration that Weikel's employment by VSS would not violate his Agreement with May. On June 9, 2003, upon learning of the filing of the declaratory judgment action, May terminated Weikel from active employment but continued to pay his salary. Weikel did not begin working for VSS, and he remained inactive pending the trial court's judgment.
On November 20, 2003, after each party submitted extensive testimony and numerous exhibits, the trial court entered its judgment, including findings of fact and conclusions of law. The trial court found that VSS is an independent subsidiary of Limited Brands, Inc., and it specializes in the sale of women's intimate apparel. VSS is a vertically-integrated specialty retailer that sells only a single brand, Victoria's Secret. It designs its own lingerie and controls its manufacture and distribution through its own channels. VSS targets younger women, specifically in their mid-twenties, who are willing to pay higher prices for the Victoria's Secret premium brand. VSS markets sex appeal for the fashion conscious. VSS has annual sales of approximately $2 billion per year.
May and its divisions, including Foley's, are traditional department stores that sell a broad array of products, consisting of hundreds of merchandise categories and thousands of brands. Intimate apparel constitutes approximately 3% of May's overall sales. May's core customers are women between the ages of 40 and 50 years old. May is considered a branded business in that it sells products manufactured by others as opposed to a private label business. May's bi-annual Market Share report, which breaks down its market share and apparel store competitors, does not mention VSS.
VSS customers are "item specific" and loyal to the Victoria Secret brand. VSS has developed a marketing strategy that is brand-driven as opposed to price-driven. That strategy is separate and distinct from that used by May or other broad-line retailers. VSS promotes its designer image. In contrast, May's business focuses on price advantage and does not trade on brand loyalty.
The trial court further found that VSS wanted to hire Weikel solely for his personal skills and not for any information or knowledge he has about May. It is not interested in information he has about how May conducts its business because its business focus, strategy and marketing techniques are not at all similar to May's. VSS does not competitively shop May or study anything May does in terms of sales, products or operations. VSS finds such information to be counterproductive because May is a traditional or horizontal marketer whose retailing approach is markedly different from VSS.
The trial court found no evidence that Weikel had attempted to solicit or contact any other employees or executives of May. There was no evidence of specific customer lists or contacts Weikel would be able to use if employed by VSS and no evidence Weikel had divulged any confidential or  proprietary information to VSS. Weikel has signed a non-disclosure agreement with VSS prohibiting solicitation of May employees or disclosure of any of May's confidential information.
The trial court found that the restrictive covenant in Weikel's Agreement with May was only triggered if he went to work for a competing business. It further found that May and VSS do not compete in any material or meaningful way. The targeted customer profiles of the two companies are completely different. They do not compete for suppliers, vendors or other resources. VSS has its own designs manufactured overseas for exclusive sale in its own stores. Intimate apparel is the primary product of VSS but comprises only about 3% of May's overall sales.
May and VSS use completely different marketing strategies. VSS has successfully built its company using a vertically integrated market strategy that is totally different from that used by May. Any confidential information possessed by Weikel is not sought by VSS and would not give VSS a competitive edge over May. The non-competition provision of the Agreement was found not to be per se unreasonable or unenforceable, merely inapplicable under the facts and the law in this case because no material competition exists between VSS and May. Although the trial court found no evidence Weikel had solicited May employees or misused confidential or trade secret business information from May, the provision barring such activity was found to be enforceable for one year pursuant to section 431.202 RSMo Supp.2001. Based on these findings, the trial court entered judgment in favor of Weikel and VSS on their claim for declaratory relief and against May on its counterclaim for tortious interference and civil conspiracy. May appeals.
The standard of review is the same for the three points May brings on appeal. The judgment of the trial court will be sustained unless there is no substantial evidence to support it, unless it is against the weight of the evidence, unless it erroneously declares the law, or unless it erroneously applies the law. Murphy v. Carron, 536 S.W.2d 30, 32 (Mo. banc 1976). The primary rule in the interpretation of a contract is to ascertain the intent of the parties and to give effect to those intentions. Kling v. Taylor-Morley, Inc., 929 S.W.2d 816, 819 (Mo.App.1996).
By definition, covenants by employees not to compete with their employers after termination of their employment restrain trade in a free market. Grebing v. First Nat'l Bank of Cape Girardeau, 613 S.W.2d 872, 874 (Mo.App.1981). Covenants not to compete are presumptively void and are enforceable only to the extent they are demonstratively reasonable. Armstrong v. Cape Girardeau Physician Assocs., 49 S.W.3d 821, 825 (Mo.App.2001). The determination of reasonableness depends upon the competing needs of the parties as well as the needs of the public. Grebing, 613 S.W.2d at 874. These needs are: (1) the employer's need to protect legitimate business interests, such as trade secrets and customer lists; (2) the employee's need to make a living; and (3) the public's need to secure the employee's presence in the labor pool. Id. A restrictive covenant in an employment agreement is only valid and enforceable if it is necessary to protect trade secrets and customer contacts, and if it is reasonable as to time and place. Schmersahl, Treloar & Co., P.C. v. McHugh, 28 S.W.3d 345, 349 (Mo.App.2000). The burden of demonstrating the covenant's validity is on the party seeking to enforce it. Armstrong, 49 S.W.3d at 825.
 In its first point, May urges that the trial court's finding that VSS does not compete with May is against the weight of the evidence and erroneously declares and applies the law in that: (1) the covenant defines competition so as to include VSS and its affiliated companies; (2) the evidence overwhelmingly established that both companies sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of intimate apparel in many of the same markets at comparable price points; (3) there is a substantial amount of cross-shopping by customers and the parties for employees as well as customers; and (4) VSS has repeatedly identified department stores as significant competitors and May's intimate apparel department considers VSS as among its principal competitors. We will briefly examine these contentions in turn.
May's first contention misstates the findings of the trial court. The trial court did not find that VSS and May are not competitors, it found that there was no meaningful or material competition between May and VSS. This finding suggests that the trial court was applying definition (iii) of the term "Competing Business" set forth above. That definition defines a competing business as one located in the same country as a May store or stores in which Weikel's duties would be substantially similar to his duties at May and that is in "material competition" with May or a May subsidiary or division. The term "material competition" is not further defined.
There is substantial evidence that VSS was not a business that was in "material competition" within the intent of the parties. The trial court specifically found that May's bi-annual Market Share report, which breaks down its market share and apparel store competitors, does not mention VSS. Clearly, not all businesses that offer the "same" products, broadly defined, are necessarily in "material competition." Ritz-Carlton and Motel 6 both offer lodging, but few would characterize the competition between them as "material." Mortons of Chicago and McDonalds both offer food, but it is unlikely that either firm would view the other as a "material" competitor. More importantly, it is highly unlikely that an executive moving from any of these firms to the "competitor" would give the new employer an unfair competitive advantage, which is one of the key stated purposes of the agreement at issue in this case. The trial court specifically found that any confidential information possessed by Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May. This finding is supported by substantial evidence.
May would apply definition (i) of the term "Competing Business," which includes any retailer of goods or merchandise of the type sold by May with a sales volume of $2 million. The difficulty with this contention is that definition (iii) specifically defines the term as applied to employment in a similar capacity, which is the situation presented in this case. Moreover, if literally applied, definition (i) would preclude employment by virtually every non-automotive or hardware retailer in the United States. On this record, such a broad prescription would appear to be far broader than necessary to protect May from any unfair competitive advantage. We find no error in the trial court's application of the more specific definition found in paragraph (iii).
It is certainly true, as May urges, that the record establishes that both May and VSS sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of intimate apparel. There was substantial evidence, however, that they are selling them to essentially different groups of consumers. May's evidence with respect to the amount of cross-shopping did  not establish the percentage of customers who actually made purchases of intimate apparel at both stores and was apparently found unpersuasive by the trial court.
May also draws our attention to impeachment evidence it offered to establish that, while not necessarily mentioning May or its divisions specifically, VSS has in various court proceedings, internal documents, and public filings identified department stores as competitors for the sale of intimate apparel. The trial court, however, apparently found VSS's witnesses and their explanations of these documents more credible. More importantly, however, the meaning of "material competition" in the Agreement must be based on what the parties to the agreement intended, not how VSS views the market.
In sum, the trial court found that VSS and May are not in material competition for the sale of intimate apparel. This determination was made by the trial court after examining evidence presented by both parties and determining the credibility of witnesses before the court. The credibility of witnesses and the weight to be given to their testimony is a matter for the trial court. In re Marriage of Crow and Gilmore, 103 S.W.3d 778, 783 (Mo. banc 2003). Although May points to evidence presented at trial in support of its contentions, the trial court may have disregarded all of the evidence favorable to May. The trial court is free to believe none, part or all of the testimony of witnesses. Herbert v. Harl, 757 S.W.2d 585, 587 (Mo. banc 1988). We hold that the trial court's findings are supported by substantial evidence, are not against the weight of the evidence and do not erroneously declare or apply the law. Point denied.
In its second point, May argues the trial court erred in refusing to enforce Weikel's covenant not to compete because the overwhelming evidence established that Weikel had knowledge of and access to numerous types of confidential information concerning May's marketing, pricing, personnel, vendor margins, cost-control efforts, staffing, inventory, expansion plans, and other data that are proprietary to May and would be useful to VSS and its affiliated companies.
Covenants not to compete are enforceable only to protect against unfair competitive use of either customer contacts or trade secrets. Armstrong, 49 S.W.3d at 825. The Missouri Uniform Trade Secrets Act defines a trade secret as "a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique or process" that derives value from not being known and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by others who can obtain economic value from its use and is "the subject of [reasonable] efforts... to maintain its secrecy." Section 417.453 RSMo 2000. The protection does not extend to knowledge that is the natural product of the employment or known throughout the industry, but only to trade secrets or influences over customers. See Renwood Food Products v. Schaefer, 240 Mo.App. 939, 223 S.W.2d 144, 151-52 (1949).
There is no dispute that Weikel did not have customer contacts which could conceivably give VSS an unfair competitive advantage over May. May argues that the trial court "implicitly" found that Weikel possessed trade secrets in light of its finding that Weikel's non-disclosure agreement could be enforced if he misused confidential or trade secret business information. We do not view this observation as a finding that Weikel has any information which constitutes a May company trade secret. The trial court expressly found that any confidential information possessed by  Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May.
May produced three witnesses on the subject of confidential information. Kay Piper ("Piper"), May's Vice-President of the intimate apparel and hosiery department, testified with respect to intimate apparel confidential information. She identified four May company reports she believed might be valuable to a competitor. She had never heard Weikel's name until the lawsuit was initiated and had no idea whether he had seen any of the reports. Weikel testified that he spent less than 3% of his time on intimate apparel matters at Foley's, concentrating instead on operational matters involving areas such as furniture, mattresses, cosmetics and shoes. He had never reviewed any strategic initiatives regarding intimate apparel at Foley's or May.
Kenneth Wilkerson ("Wilkerson"), May's designated corporate representative regarding confidential information other than intimate apparel, identified several categories of confidential information to which a Chairman at May would have had access. These included two sales reports, the departmental operating report, May's staffing system, May's customer service program and human resource information. Wilkerson had no knowledge that Weikel had any of May's confidential information in his possession and Weikel testified that he did not. Weikel has had no ability to access such information since June 2003.
There was evidence that the confidential information to which Weikel would have had access was not readily susceptible to memorization and had a limited useful life. Wilkerson conceded that he could not recite the actual sales numbers and figures in the sales report without having the document in front of him. The intimate apparel steering committee meets six times per year to generate a business plan setting out the strategic direction for May's sale of intimate apparel. Those plans are updated and changed every couple of months. The confidential reports identified by Piper are generated weekly or monthly. May's seasonal plans and forecasts, discussed at the twice-annual President's Counsel and Chairman's roundtable meetings, cover a six-month period of time. Sales and other reports are generated weekly or monthly. May's merchandising plans are generally for a six-month period, but they are constantly reviewed and updated. Based on this evidence, the trial court could reasonably have found that while the actual reports themselves would be potentially valuable to a competitor when issued, the useful life of the reports is relatively short. The fact that Piper, who is in charge of May's intimate apparel business, has a six-month non-competition agreement supports this inference. The trial court's finding that any confidential May business information known to Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May is supported by substantial evidence. Point denied.
May's third proffered witness on the subject of confidential information was John Dunham ("Dunham"). The trial court initially precluded Dunham from testifying as to matters designated by May and about which May had previously called Wilkerson to testify. The trial court did, however, allow May to proffer Dunham's testimony and to file a post-trial memorandum as to the propriety of allowing him to testify on the same subject as the designated corporate representative. It its third point, May urges that the trial court erred in excluding Dunham's testimony although it did listen to Dunham testify during the proffer and never explicitly ruled on May's post-trial memorandum. We find that Dunham's testimony was cumulative and repetitive of Wilkerson's testimony  and, assuming it was excluded, May was not prejudiced thereby. Steffen v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Co., 331 Mo. 574, 56 S.W.2d 47, 48 (1932); Keller v. Int'l Harvester Corp., 648 S.W.2d 584, 588-89 (Mo.App.1983). Point denied.
The judgment is affirmed.
LAWRENCE E. MOONEY, P.J., and MARY K. HOFF, J., concur.







Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
















Insider Trading - Weikel Mark J - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Weikel Mark J





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-03Purchase
2016-11-037:08 pm
Tractor Supply Co
TSCO
Weikel Mark JDirector
1,000
$66.14
$66,136
5,627(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-05-02Option Award
2016-05-046:07 pm
N/AN/A
Tractor Supply Co
TSCO
Weikel Mark JDirector
1,150
$0
4,627(Direct)
View


2015-05-04Option Award
2015-05-064:19 pm
N/AN/A
Tractor Supply Co
TSCO
Weikel Mark JDirector
1,204
$87.16
3,477(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 01:29:04 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Mark J. Weikel: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:29 AM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of Tractor Supply Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mark J. Weikel  Director, Tractor Supply CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships62$204,926
Background

		Mr. Mark J. Weikel served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of The Gymboree Corporation from April 3, 2017 to May 22, 2017. Mr. Weikel served as President of Retail Optical North America at Luxottica Group SpA since December 2012. He served as the President and General Manager of Lenscrafters at Luxottica Group SpA since January 2011. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Victorias Secret Stores of L Brands, Inc. until June 15, 2007. He served as the President ... of Victoria's Secret Stores, LLC at L Brands, Inc since January 29, 2007. He provided oversight and leadership to the finance, planning and allocation, business planning and operations, sourcing and production, human resources and stores functions. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Lord & Taylor, LLC since April 9, 2007. He  served as several management positions at the MAY Department Stores Company from 2000 to 2003. He was the first co-leader to be named for Victoria's Secret Stores. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc. from 2003 to July 2007. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Foley's. He is a seasoned executive with operational expertise and deep knowledge of retail operations. He has expansive experience in the world of eyewear and retail. He has been a Director of Project 2020, Inc. since January 19, 2016. He serves as a Director of OneSight. He has been a Director of The Gymboree Corporation since November 5, 2014. He has been a Director of Tractor Supply Company since February 07, 2014. Mr. Weikel graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Indiana State University in Evansville and obtained an Executive MBA from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5401 Virginia WayBrentwood, Tennessee 37027United StatesPhone: 615-440-4000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentDirectorThe Gymboree Corporation2014-PresentDirectorTractor Supply Company2016-PresentDirector2020, Inc.
Education
MBA University of MichiganBS Indiana State University
Other Affiliations
The Gymboree CorporationL Brands, Inc.Luxottica Group S.p.A.Lord & Taylor, LLCUniversity of MichiganVictoria's Secret Stores, LLCIndiana State UniversityFoley's2020, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$100,000Total Calculated Compensation$204,926




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationEdward W. Stack Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerDick's Sporting Goods, Inc.$1.0MRichard A. Johnson Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentFoot Locker, Inc.$1.1MJames W. Wiltz Interim President, CEO & DirectorPatterson Companies, Inc.--Niraj S. Shah Co-Founder, Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentWayfair Inc.$80.0KThomas A. Kingsbury Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBurlington Stores, Inc.$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tractor Supply Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Mark J. Weikel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Mark J. Weikel
Board Member at Tractor Supply Company


View Full Profile
Are you Mark J. Weikel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark J. Weikel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark J. Weikel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark J. Weikel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark J. Weikel through your network of contacts.
												








Mark J. Weikel's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Tractor Supply Company


Past
To view Mark J. Weikel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 


Mark J. Weikel's Biography



Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Retail Optical North America at Luxottica Group SpA from January 2013 to March 2014 and Senior Business Advisor from March 2014 to December 2014. Mr. Weikel was President and General Manager for Lenscrafters at Luxottica Group SpA from January 2011 until January 2013. Mr. Weikel joined Luxottica in February 2010 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Sunglass Hut North America. Prior to joining Luxottica, Mr. Weikel was Chief Operating Officer of Lord & Taylor from 2007 to 2008. He held a variety of leadership roles including Chief Operating Officer and President at Victoria's Secret ...
(Read More)

			Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Retail Optical North America at Luxottica Group SpA from January 2013 to March 2014 and Senior Business Advisor from March 2014 to December 2014. Mr. Weikel was President and General Manager for Lenscrafters at Luxottica Group SpA from January 2011 until January 2013. Mr. Weikel joined Luxottica in February 2010 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Sunglass Hut North America. Prior to joining Luxottica, Mr. Weikel was Chief Operating Officer of Lord & Taylor from 2007 to 2008. He held a variety of leadership roles including Chief Operating Officer and President at Victoria's Secret, from 2003 to 2007. Before that, he held a variety of leadership roles with the May Department Stores Company, including Chief Financial Officer and Chairman for Foley's Department Stores. Other directorships: OneSight, a non-profit organization, since April 2012, The Gymboree Corporation since November 2014 and 2020 On-site Optometry, Inc. since December 2015.

Mr. Weikel was selected to serve on our Board primarily due to his extensive experience in the retail industry, his service as a senior executive and his financial expertise.
		
Source: Tractor Supply Company on 03/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark J. Weikel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark J. Weikel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark J. Weikel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark J. Weikel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark J. Weikel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark J. Weikel


















Mark J. Weikel's Connections (36)





Sign up now to view Mark J. Weikel's 36 connections »









Andrea Guerra
Board Member, Coach, Inc.









Cynthia T. Jamison
Board Member, Tractor Supply Company









Richard W. Frost
Board Member, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.









Johnston C. Adams
Former Chairman & CEO, AutoZone, Inc.









Lee J. Downing
Former Executive Vice President, Operations and Real Estate, Tractor Supply Company









Rajaraman Krishnan
Board Member, Tractor Supply Company









Robert D. Mills
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Tractor Supply Company









Anthony F. Crudele
Board Member, Hibbett Sports, Inc.









John C. Bingleman
Former President - Staples International, Staples, Inc.









Claudio Costamagna
Former Board Member, FTI Consulting, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















TSCO Mark J. Weikel Insider Trades for Tractor Supply Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Tractor Supply Co.

                  NASDAQ: TSCO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Tractor Supply Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:52 p.m.


TSCO

/quotes/zigman/56321/composite


$
56.62




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 47,807
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/56321/composite
Previous close

$
			57.53
		


$
				56.62
			
Change

-0.91
-1.58%





Day low
Day high
$56.23
$57.75










52 week low
52 week high

            $49.87
        

            $92.11
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Mark J. Weikel



Mr. Mark J. Weikel is Independent Director at Tractor Supply Co. He is on the Board of Directors at The Gymboree Corp., Tractor Supply Co. and Project 2020, Inc. 
Mr. Weikel was previously employed as CEO-Retail Optical North America by Luxottica Group SpA, Chief Operating Officer by Lord & Taylor LLC, President & Chief Operating Officer by Victoria's Secret Stores LLC, a Principal by Famous Barr Co., Chairman by Foley Co., President & General Manager by LensCrafters, Inc., a Principal by May Co., and Senior Vice President & General Manager by Sunglass Hut International, Inc. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Indiana State University and an MBA from the University of Michigan.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/08/2017
2,158


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2016
1,000


 
Acquisition at $66.14 per share.


66,140


05/02/2016
1,150


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/04/2015
1,204


 
Award at $87.16 per share.


104,940


04/30/2014
1,273


 
Award at $66.75 per share.


84,972





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Steve K. Barbarick 
President & Chief Merchandising Officer




Mr. Gregory A. Sandfort 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kurt D. Barton 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP




Mr. Robert D. Mills 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Colin  Yankee 
Senior Vice President-Distribution & Logistics




Mr. Bob  Volke 
Vice President & Controller




Ms. Christine E. Skold 
Vice President-IR & Corporate Communications




Mr. Chad Michael Frazell 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Benjamin F. Parrish 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Ms. Cynthia Todd Jamison 
Chairman




Mr. Ramkumar  Krishnan 
Independent Director




Mr. George F. MacKenzie 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark J. Weikel 
Independent Director




Mr. Peter D. Bewley 
Independent Director




Mr. Johnston C. Adams 
Independent Director




Ms. Edna K. Morris 
Independent Director
















Log In




2:29 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Mark J  Weikel - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Mark J  Weikel
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Mark J  Weikel. Find out Mark J  Weikel address and contact details. View other people related to Mark J  Weikel - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

200 POWELL PLACE  BRENTWOOD 37027 TN




Companies related to Mark J  Weikel
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000916365TRACTOR SUPPLY CO /DE/Director 5401 VIRGINIA WAY  BRENTWOOD 37027




Mark J  Weikel on the Web
Persons related to Mark J  Weikel - TRACTOR SUPPLY CO /DE/NamePositionCityJOHN C  ADAMS JRDirector MEMPHISJOHN C  ADAMS JRDirector BRENTWOODSteve K  BarbarickPresident & CMO BRENTWOODSteve K  BarbarickExecutive VP Merchandising BRENTWOODKurt D  BartonBRENTWOODWilliam  BassDirector BRENTWOODPETER D  BEWLEYDirector OAKLANDPETER D  BEWLEYDirector BRENTWOODJohn C  BinglemanDirector VERO BEACHJohn C  BinglemanDirector BRENTWOODGERALD W  BRASESr. VP - Merchandising NASHVILLEGERALD W  BRASESr. VP - Merchandising BRENTWOODS P  BRAUDDirector NASHVILLES P  BRAUDDirector BRENTWOODAnthony F  CrudeleEVP Chief Financial Officer BRENTWOODAnthony F  CrudeleEVP Chief Financial Officer BRENTWOODLee J  DowningSenior VP Store Operations BRENTWOODLee J  DowningEVP Operations and Real Estate BRENTWOODTHOMAS O  FLOODDirector NASHVILLEBLAKE A  FOHLSr. Vice President - Marketing BRENTWOODCHAD MICHAEL  FRAZELLSVP Human Resources BRENTWOODRICHARD W  FROSTDirector NASHVILLERICHARD W  FROSTDirector BRENTWOODR. Keith  HalbertDirector CHICAGOR. Keith  HalbertBRENTWOODCYNTHIA T  JAMISONDirector NASHVILLECYNTHIA T  JAMISONDirector BRENTWOODCYNTHIA T  JAMISONDirector BRENTWOODGERARD E  JONESDirector NASHVILLEGERARD E  JONESDirector BRENTWOODRamkumar  KrishnanDirector BRENTWOODDAVID C  LEWISVP-Controller & Corp. Sec. NASHVILLEDAVID C  LEWISVice President-Controller BRENTWOODGEORGE  MACKENZIEDirector GEORGE  MACKENZIEDirector BRENTWOODGEORGE  MACKENZIEDirector BRENTWOODGEORGE  MACKENZIEDirector BRENTWOODGEORGE  MACKENZIEBRENTWOODCALVIN B  MASSMANNChief Financial Officer NASHVILLECALVIN B  MASSMANNSenior Vice President BRENTWOODJOSEPH D  MAXWELLDirector NASHVILLEJOSEPH D  MAXWELLDirector BRENTWOODRobert D  MillsSVP Chief Information Officer BRENTWOODRobert D  MillsSVP Chief Information Officer BRENTWOODEDNA  MORRISDirector NASHVILLEEDNA  MORRISDirector BRENTWOODEDNA  MORRISDirector BRENTWOODBENJAMIN F  PARRISH JREVP General Counsel NASHVILLEBENJAMIN F  PARRISH JRSVP - General Counsel BRENTWOODBENJAMIN F  PARRISH JRSVP General Counsel BRENTWOODSAM K  REEDDirector NASHVILLESAM K  REEDDirector BRENTWOODJOSEPH M  RODGERSDirector NASHVILLEJOSEPH M  RODGERSDirector BRENTWOODSTANLEY L  RUTASVP - Store Ops NASHVILLESTANLEY L  RUTAEVP-Chief Operating Officer BRENTWOODGREGORY A  SANDFORTChief Executive Officer IRVINGGREGORY A  SANDFORTPresident-CEO BRENTWOODGREGORY A  SANDFORTPresident-CEO BRENTWOODGREGORY A  SANDFORTPresident CEO BRENTWOODJOSEPH H  SCARLETT JRChairman NASHVILLEJOSEPH H  SCARLETT JR10% Owner BRENTWOODJOSEPH H  SCARLETT JR10% Owner NASHVILLEAlexander L  StantonSenior VP Supply Chain BRENTWOODAlexander L  StantonSenior VP Supply Chain BRENTWOODAlexander L  StantonSenior VP Supply Chain BRENTWOODKIMBERLY D  VELLASVP-Chief People Officer BRENTWOODMark J  WeikelDirector BRENTWOODMark J  WeikelDirector BRENTWOODJAMES F  WRIGHTPresident & CEO NASHVILLEJAMES F  WRIGHTDirector BRENTWOOD












 



























 



 Tractor Supply Appoints Mark J. Weikel To Its Board Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Tractor Supply Appoints Mark J. Weikel To Its Board Of Directors

Feb 07, 2014, 08:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Tractor Supply Company 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Tractor Supply Company logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Tractor Supply Company)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Tractor Supply Company logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Tractor Supply Company)
 


 

 




 





 


BRENTWOOD, Tenn., Feb. 7, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Tractor Supply Company (NASDAQ:   TSCO), the largest retail farm and ranch store chain in the United States, today announced that Mark J. Weikel has been appointed to the Company's board of directors.
(Logo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120604/MM18615LOGO) 
Mr. Weikel is a seasoned executive with operational expertise and deep knowledge of retail operations. He currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Luxottica Retail Optical North America, providing leadership for a brand portfolio that includes LensCrafters, Pearle Vision, Sears Optical and Target Optical which generates over $3.0 billion in revenue systemwide. Prior to his various positions at Luxottica, Mr. Weikel served as Chief Operating Officer of Lord & Taylor, a specialty department store with 47 stores and over $1.3 billion in sales. Before Lord & Taylor, Mr. Weikel was President & Chief Operating Officer of Victoria's Secret Stores at Limited Brands. Earlier in his career, Mr. Weikel held several management positions at the MAY Department Stores Company.
Cynthia Jamison, Tractor Supply's Chairman of the Board stated, "We are delighted Mark is joining Tractor Supply's board of directors.  Mark brings a wealth of retail expertise that, combined with his demonstrated success in both operations and merchandising, will build upon the board's leadership and expertise. We are confident that Mark's leadership experience and business background will be valuable assets to the Tractor Supply board as we continue to grow our business."
Mr. Weikel commented, "I am excited by the opportunity to join Tractor Supply's board of directors and the chance to leverage my knowledge around Retail Operations, Merchandise Planning & Allocation, Stores/Visual, and Production and Sourcing. I look forward to contributing to the Tractor Supply team as it continues to expand and enhances its position as the leading retailer serving the rural lifestyle."
About Tractor Supply Company 
At December 28, 2013, Tractor Supply Company operated 1,276 stores in 48 states. The Company's stores are focused on supplying the lifestyle needs of recreational farmers and ranchers.  The Company also serves the maintenance needs of those who enjoy the rural lifestyle, as well as tradesmen and small businesses.  Stores are located in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities.  The Company offers the following comprehensive selection of merchandise: (1) equine, pet and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth and containment; (2) hardware, truck, towing and tool products; (3) seasonal products, including lawn and garden items, power equipment, gifts and toys; (4) maintenance products for agricultural and rural use; and (5) work/recreational clothing and footwear. 
 SOURCE  Tractor Supply Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.myTSCstore.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Feb 19, 2014, 07:30 ET
Preview: Tractor Supply Company Commemorates 20th Anniversary on NASDAQ




















Feb 06, 2014, 08:00 ET
Preview: Tractor Supply Company Declares Quarterly Dividend








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Mark J. Weikel, Respondents, v. MAY DEPARTMENT STORES COMPANY | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
Missouri
MO Ct. App.
Mark J. Weikel, Respondents, v. MAY DEPARTMENT STORES COMPANY

Mark J. Weikel, Respondents, v. MAY DEPARTMENT STORES COMPANY




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







Missouri Court of Appeals,Eastern District,Division Four.
VICTORIA'S SECRET STORES, INC., Mark J. Weikel, Respondents, v. The MAY DEPARTMENT STORES COMPANY, Appellant.
No. ED 83916.
    Decided: December 21, 2004

		Thomas C. Walsh (Bryan Cave), Mark S. Deiermann, St. Louis, MO, for appellant. William M. Corrigan, Jr., Ann E. Buckley, Armstrong Teasdale LLP, St. Louis, MO, Michael G. Long, Kimberly Weber Herlihy, Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP, Columbus, OH, for Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc. John Gianoulakis, Kohn, Shands, Elbert, Gianoulakis & Giljum, LLP, St. Louis, MO, Anthony J. Ashley, Vedder, Price, Kaufman & Kammholz, Chicago, IL, for Mark J. Weikel.
The May Department Stores Company (“May”) appeals a judgment declaring that its former employee, Mark J. Weikel (“Weikel”), would not be in violation of the non-competition provisions of his employment contract by accepting a position with Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc. (“VSS”).  We affirm.Weikel was employed by May as Chairman of its Foley's Department Store (“Foley's”) division.   In 2000, Weikel and May entered into an Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) whereby Weikel would render personal services to Foley's from May 15, 2000 until April 30, 2003 (later extended to April 30, 2005).In the Agreement, Weikel agreed to the following provision:At all times while you are employed by May and for two years after your employment terminates, you will not directly or indirectly:(i) own, manage, operate, finance, join, control, advise, consult, render services to, have an interest or future interest in or participate in the ownership, management, operation, financing or control of, or be employed by or connected in any manner with any Competing Business ․The section of the agreement defining “Competing Business” provides:“Competing Business” includes, but is not limited to, (i) any (x) retail department store, specialty store or other retail business that sells goods or merchandise of the types sold in May's (or its subsidiaries' or divisions') stores at retail to consumers or (y) any group of such stores or businesses or any other business that (A) competes (for customers, suppliers, employees or any other resource) with May or a May subsidiary, division or store;  (B) is located in the United States ․;  and (C) had annual gross sales volume or revenues ․ in the prior fiscal year of more than $25 million ․;  or․(iii) any business in the United States or another country where May or a May subsidiary or division operates a store or stores in which your duties and functions would be substantially similar to your duties and functions under this Agreement and that is in material competition with May or a May subsidiary or division.The Agreement further provided that either party could seek a judicial determination of its rights under the Agreement and that the parties would abide by their obligations under the Agreement until the court entered a final judgment.In the spring of 2003, VSS made Weikel an offer to become its Chief Operating Officer.   Weikel considered this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.   After negotiations between his counsel and VSS, Weikel entered into an indemnification agreement with VSS, but he did not accept the offer of employment or sign an employment agreement.   The following business day, Weikel met with his boss, Drew Pickman (“Pickman”), to tell him of the offer from VSS and to seek May's agreement that his acceptance of VSS's offer would not violate the terms of the restrictive covenant or any other contractual obligations to May because VSS is not a competitor of May.   Weikel requested an immediate response because both he and VSS were anxious to begin their relationship.   Weikel pledged to continue to faithfully perform all of his duties under the Agreement and offered to assist May with the transition to a new Chairman of Foley's.Pickman told Weikel that he wanted him to stay and that he would work with the CEO of May to persuade him to stay.   Pickman told Weikel that he believed VSS was a competitor of May and asked for more time to respond.   Weikel told Pickman he needed an answer that day.Because May would not agree that VSS and May are not competitors, Weikel and VSS filed the underlying declaratory judgment action seeking a declaration that Weikel's employment by VSS would not violate his Agreement with May.   On June 9, 2003, upon learning of the filing of the declaratory judgment action, May terminated Weikel from active employment but continued to pay his salary.   Weikel did not begin working for VSS, and he remained inactive pending the trial court's judgment.On November 20, 2003, after each party submitted extensive testimony and numerous exhibits, the trial court entered its judgment, including findings of fact and conclusions of law.   The trial court found that VSS is an independent subsidiary of Limited Brands, Inc., and it specializes in the sale of women's intimate apparel.   VSS is a vertically-integrated specialty retailer that sells only a single brand, Victoria's Secret.   It designs its own lingerie and controls its manufacture and distribution through its own channels.   VSS targets younger women, specifically in their mid-twenties, who are willing to pay higher prices for the Victoria's Secret premium brand.   VSS markets sex appeal for the fashion conscious.   VSS has annual sales of approximately $2 billion per year.May and its divisions, including Foley's, are traditional department stores that sell a broad array of products, consisting of hundreds of merchandise categories and thousands of brands.   Intimate apparel constitutes approximately 3% of May's overall sales.   May's core customers are women between the ages of 40 and 50 years old.   May is considered a branded business in that it sells products manufactured by others as opposed to a private label business.   May's bi-annual Market Share report, which breaks down its market share and apparel store competitors, does not mention VSS.VSS customers are “item specific” and loyal to the Victoria Secret brand.   VSS has developed a marketing strategy that is brand-driven as opposed to price-driven.   That strategy is separate and distinct from that used by May or other broad-line retailers.   VSS promotes its designer image.   In contrast, May's business focuses on price advantage and does not trade on brand loyalty.The trial court further found that VSS wanted to hire Weikel solely for his personal skills and not for any information or knowledge he has about May.   It is not interested in information he has about how May conducts its business because its business focus, strategy and marketing techniques are not at all similar to May's.   VSS does not competitively shop May or study anything May does in terms of sales, products or operations.   VSS finds such information to be counterproductive because May is a traditional or horizontal marketer whose retailing approach is markedly different from VSS.The trial court found no evidence that Weikel had attempted to solicit or contact any other employees or executives of May.   There was no evidence of specific customer lists or contacts Weikel would be able to use if employed by VSS and no evidence Weikel had divulged any confidential or proprietary information to VSS.   Weikel has signed a non-disclosure agreement with VSS prohibiting solicitation of May employees or disclosure of any of May's confidential information.The trial court found that the restrictive covenant in Weikel's Agreement with May was only triggered if he went to work for a competing business.   It further found that May and VSS do not compete in any material or meaningful way.   The targeted customer profiles of the two companies are completely different.   They do not compete for suppliers, vendors or other resources.   VSS has its own designs manufactured overseas for exclusive sale in its own stores.   Intimate apparel is the primary product of VSS but comprises only about 3% of May's overall sales.May and VSS use completely different marketing strategies.   VSS has successfully built its company using a vertically integrated market strategy that is totally different from that used by May.   Any confidential information possessed by Weikel is not sought by VSS and would not give VSS a competitive edge over May.   The non-competition provision of the Agreement was found not to be per se unreasonable or unenforceable, merely inapplicable under the facts and the law in this case because no material competition exists between VSS and May.   Although the trial court found no evidence Weikel had solicited May employees or misused confidential or trade secret business information from May, the provision barring such activity was found to be enforceable for one year pursuant to section 431.202 RSMo Supp.2001.   Based on these findings, the trial court entered judgment in favor of Weikel and VSS on their claim for declaratory relief and against May on its counterclaim for tortious interference and civil conspiracy.   May appeals. The standard of review is the same for the three points May brings on appeal.   The judgment of the trial court will be sustained unless there is no substantial evidence to support it, unless it is against the weight of the evidence, unless it erroneously declares the law, or unless it erroneously applies the law.  Murphy v. Carron, 536 S.W.2d 30, 32 (Mo. banc 1976).   The primary rule in the interpretation of a contract is to ascertain the intent of the parties and to give effect to those intentions.  Kling v. Taylor-Morley, Inc., 929 S.W.2d 816, 819 (Mo.App.1996). By definition, covenants by employees not to compete with their employers after termination of their employment restrain trade in a free market.  Grebing v. First Nat'l Bank of Cape Girardeau, 613 S.W.2d 872, 874 (Mo.App.1981).   Covenants not to compete are presumptively void and are enforceable only to the extent they are demonstratively reasonable.   Armstrong v. Cape Girardeau Physician Assocs., 49 S.W.3d 821, 825 (Mo.App.2001).   The determination of reasonableness depends upon the competing needs of the parties as well as the needs of the public.  Grebing, 613 S.W.2d at 874.   These needs are:  (1) the employer's need to protect legitimate business interests, such as trade secrets and customer lists;  (2) the employee's need to make a living;  and (3) the public's need to secure the employee's presence in the labor pool.  Id.  A restrictive covenant in an employment agreement is only valid and enforceable if it is necessary to protect trade secrets and customer contacts, and if it is reasonable as to time and place.  Schmersahl, Treloar & Co., P.C. v. McHugh, 28 S.W.3d 345, 349 (Mo.App.2000).   The burden of demonstrating the covenant's validity is on the party seeking to enforce it.  Armstrong, 49 S.W.3d at 825. In its first point, May urges that the trial court's finding that VSS does not compete with May is against the weight of the evidence and erroneously declares and applies the law in that:  (1) the covenant defines competition so as to include VSS and its affiliated companies;  (2) the evidence overwhelmingly established that both companies sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of intimate apparel in many of the same markets at comparable price points;  (3) there is a substantial amount of cross-shopping by customers and the parties for employees as well as customers;  and (4) VSS has repeatedly identified department stores as significant competitors and May's intimate apparel department considers VSS as among its principal competitors.   We will briefly examine these contentions in turn.May's first contention misstates the findings of the trial court.   The trial court did not find that VSS and May are not competitors, it found that there was no meaningful or material competition between May and VSS.   This finding suggests that the trial court was applying definition (iii) of the term “Competing Business” set forth above.   That definition defines a competing business as one located in the same country as a May store or stores in which Weikel's duties would be substantially similar to his duties at May and that is in “material competition” with May or a May subsidiary or division.   The term “material competition” is not further defined.There is substantial evidence that VSS was not a business that was in “material competition” within the intent of the parties.   The trial court specifically found that May's bi-annual Market Share report, which breaks down its market share and apparel store competitors, does not mention VSS.   Clearly, not all businesses that offer the “same” products, broadly defined, are necessarily in “material competition.”   Ritz-Carlton and Motel 6 both offer lodging, but few would characterize the competition between them as “material.”   Mortons of Chicago and McDonalds both offer food, but it is unlikely that either firm would view the other as a “material” competitor.   More importantly, it is highly unlikely that an executive moving from any of these firms to the “competitor” would give the new employer an unfair competitive advantage, which is one of the key stated purposes of the agreement at issue in this case.   The trial court specifically found that any confidential information possessed by Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May.   This finding is supported by substantial evidence.May would apply definition (i) of the term “Competing Business,” which includes any retailer of goods or merchandise of the type sold by May with a sales volume of $2 million.   The difficulty with this contention is that definition (iii) specifically defines the term as applied to employment in a similar capacity, which is the situation presented in this case.   Moreover, if literally applied, definition (i) would preclude employment by virtually every non-automotive or hardware retailer in the United States.   On this record, such a broad prescription would appear to be far broader than necessary to protect May from any unfair competitive advantage.   We find no error in the trial court's application of the more specific definition found in paragraph (iii).It is certainly true, as May urges, that the record establishes that both May and VSS sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of intimate apparel.   There was substantial evidence, however, that they are selling them to essentially different groups of consumers.   May's evidence with respect to the amount of cross-shopping did not establish the percentage of customers who actually made purchases of intimate apparel at both stores and was apparently found unpersuasive by the trial court.May also draws our attention to impeachment evidence it offered to establish that, while not necessarily mentioning May or its divisions specifically, VSS has in various court proceedings, internal documents, and public filings identified department stores as competitors for the sale of intimate apparel.   The trial court, however, apparently found VSS's witnesses and their explanations of these documents more credible.   More importantly, however, the meaning of “material competition” in the Agreement must be based on what the parties to the agreement intended, not how VSS views the market. In sum, the trial court found that VSS and May are not in material competition for the sale of intimate apparel.   This determination was made by the trial court after examining evidence presented by both parties and determining the credibility of witnesses before the court.   The credibility of witnesses and the weight to be given to their testimony is a matter for the trial court.  In re Marriage of Crow and Gilmore, 103 S.W.3d 778, 783 (Mo. banc 2003).   Although May points to evidence presented at trial in support of its contentions, the trial court may have disregarded all of the evidence favorable to May.   The trial court is free to believe none, part or all of the testimony of witnesses.  Herbert v. Harl, 757 S.W.2d 585, 587 (Mo. banc 1988).   We hold that the trial court's findings are supported by substantial evidence, are not against the weight of the evidence and do not erroneously declare or apply the law.   Point denied. In its second point, May argues the trial court erred in refusing to enforce Weikel's covenant not to compete because the overwhelming evidence established that Weikel had knowledge of and access to numerous types of confidential information concerning May's marketing, pricing, personnel, vendor margins, cost-control efforts, staffing, inventory, expansion plans, and other data that are proprietary to May and would be useful to VSS and its affiliated companies. Covenants not to compete are enforceable only to protect against unfair competitive use of either customer contacts or trade secrets.   Armstrong, 49 S.W.3d at 825.   The Missouri Uniform Trade Secrets Act defines a trade secret as “a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique or process” that derives value from not being known and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by others who can obtain economic value from its use and is “the subject of [reasonable] efforts ․ to maintain its secrecy.”  Section 417.453 RSMo 2000.   The protection does not extend to knowledge that is the natural product of the employment or known throughout the industry, but only to trade secrets or influences over customers.   See Renwood Food Products v. Schaefer, 240 Mo.App. 939, 223 S.W.2d 144, 151-52 (1949).There is no dispute that Weikel did not have customer contacts which could conceivably give VSS an unfair competitive advantage over May.   May argues that the trial court “implicitly” found that Weikel possessed trade secrets in light of its finding that Weikel's non-disclosure agreement could be enforced if he misused confidential or trade secret business information.   We do not view this observation as a finding that Weikel has any information which constitutes a May company trade secret.   The trial court expressly found that any confidential information possessed by Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May.May produced three witnesses on the subject of confidential information.   Kay Piper (“Piper”), May's Vice-President of the intimate apparel and hosiery department, testified with respect to intimate apparel confidential information.   She identified four May company reports she believed might be valuable to a competitor.   She had never heard Weikel's name until the lawsuit was initiated and had no idea whether he had seen any of the reports.   Weikel testified that he spent less than 3% of his time on intimate apparel matters at Foley's, concentrating instead on operational matters involving areas such as furniture, mattresses, cosmetics and shoes.   He had never reviewed any strategic initiatives regarding intimate apparel at Foley's or May.Kenneth Wilkerson (“Wilkerson”), May's designated corporate representative regarding confidential information other than intimate apparel, identified several categories of confidential information to which a Chairman at May would have had access.   These included two sales reports, the departmental operating report, May's staffing system, May's customer service program and human resource information.   Wilkerson had no knowledge that Weikel had any of May's confidential information in his possession and Weikel testified that he did not.   Weikel has had no ability to access such information since June 2003.There was evidence that the confidential information to which Weikel would have had access was not readily susceptible to memorization and had a limited useful life.   Wilkerson conceded that he could not recite the actual sales numbers and figures in the sales report without having the document in front of him.   The intimate apparel steering committee meets six times per year to generate a business plan setting out the strategic direction for May's sale of intimate apparel.   Those plans are updated and changed every couple of months.   The confidential reports identified by Piper are generated weekly or monthly.   May's seasonal plans and forecasts, discussed at the twice-annual President's Counsel and Chairman's roundtable meetings, cover a six-month period of time.   Sales and other reports are generated weekly or monthly.   May's merchandising plans are generally for a six-month period, but they are constantly reviewed and updated.   Based on this evidence, the trial court could reasonably have found that while the actual reports themselves would be potentially valuable to a competitor when issued, the useful life of the reports is relatively short.   The fact that Piper, who is in charge of May's intimate apparel business, has a six-month non-competition agreement supports this inference.   The trial court's finding that any confidential May business information known to Weikel would not give VSS a competitive advantage over May is supported by substantial evidence.   Point denied. May's third proffered witness on the subject of confidential information was John Dunham (“Dunham”).   The trial court initially precluded Dunham from testifying as to matters designated by May and about which May had previously called Wilkerson to testify.   The trial court did, however, allow May to proffer Dunham's testimony and to file a post-trial memorandum as to the propriety of allowing him to testify on the same subject as the designated corporate representative.   It its third point, May urges that the trial court erred in excluding Dunham's testimony although it did listen to Dunham testify during the proffer and never explicitly ruled on May's post-trial memorandum.   We find that Dunham's testimony was cumulative and repetitive of Wilkerson's testimony and, assuming it was excluded, May was not prejudiced thereby.  Steffen v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Co., 331 Mo. 574, 56 S.W.2d 47, 48 (1932);  Keller v. Int'l Harvester Corp., 648 S.W.2d 584, 588-89 (Mo.App.1983).   Point denied.The judgment is affirmed.LAWRENCE G. CRAHAN, Judge.
LAWRENCE E. MOONEY, P.J., and MARY K. HOFF, J., concur.


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 23:29:05 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























MO Court of Appeals Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
Missouri
MO Ct. App.


Missouri Court of Appeals Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of Missouri Court of Appeals decisions since January 1997.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING MO Court of Appeals




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING MO Court of Appeals




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING MO Court of Appeals




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


ROCK PORT MARKET INC v. AFFILIATED FOODS MIDWEST COOPERATIVE INC
July 25, 2017
WD 79518

BEERMANN v. JONES
July 25, 2017
WD 79833

BARCELONA v. STATE
July 25, 2017
WD 79781

WILLIAMS v. STATE
July 25, 2017
WD 79792

STATE EX REL FAMILY SUPPORT DIVISION v. STEAK TAKE LLC LLC
July 25, 2017
WD 79052



View more decisions »





Browse Missouri Court of Appeals Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 23:29:05 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























MO Court Cases: Find MO Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
Missouri



Browse Missouri Courts

Missouri Court of Appeals
Supreme Court of Missouri


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 23:29:06 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.








Victoria's Secret Stores v. The May Department Stores





[common/alltopsd.htm]




Document 











This slip opinion is subject to revision and may not
reflect the final opinion adopted by the Court.


Opinion
Missouri Court of Appeals Eastern District



Case Style: Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc., and
Mark J. Weikel, Respondents v. The May Department Stores Company, Appellant.

Case Number: ED83916

Handdown Date: 12/21/2004

Appeal From: Circuit Court of St. Louis County,
Hon. Mary Bruntrager Schroeder

Counsel for Appellant: Thomas C. Walsh and Mark
S. Deiermann

Counsel for Respondent: William M. Corrigan,
Jr., Ann E. Buckley, Michael G. Long and Kimberly Weber Herliby. John
Gianoulakis and Anthony J. Ashley.

Opinion Summary:

The May Department Stores Company appeals a judgment
declaring that its former employee, Mark J. Weikel, would not be in violation of
the non-competition provisions of his employment contract by accepting a
position with Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc.
AFFIRMED.
Division Four Holds: (1)
The court's determination that May and Victoria's Secret were not in
"material competition" within the meaning of the non-competition
provisions of the employment contract was supported by substantial evidence, was
not against the weight of the evidence and did not erroneously declare or apply
the law.
(2) The court's determination that Weikel did not possess
any confidential information that would give Victoria's Secret a competitive
advantage over May was supported by substantial evidence
(3) May was not prejudiced by the court's exclusion of
cumulative testimony.

Citation:

Opinion Author: Lawrence G. Crahan, Judge

Opinion Vote: AFFIRMED. Mooney, P.J., Hoff, J.,
Concur.


Opinion:

The May Department Stores Company ("May") appeals a judgment declaring
that its former employee, Mark J. Weikel ("Weikel"), would not be in
violation of the non-competition provisions of his employment contract by
accepting a position with Victoria's Secret Stores, Inc. (" VSS"). We
affirm.
Weikel was employed by May as Chairman of its Foley's Department Store
("Foley's") division. In 2000, Weikel and May entered into an
Employment Agreement ("Agreement") whereby Weikel would render
personal services to Foley's from May 15, 2000 until April 30, 2003 (later
extended to April 30, 2005).
In the Agreement, Weikel agreed to the following provision:
At all times while you are employed by May and for two years after your
employment terminates, you will not directly or indirectly:
(i) own, manage, operate, finance, join, control, advise, consult, render
services to, have an interest or future interest in or participate in the
ownership, management, operation, financing or control of, or be employed by or
connected in any manner with any Competing Business ...
The section of the agreement defining "Competing Business" provides:
"Competing Business" includes, but is not limited to,
(i) any (x) retail department store, specialty store or other retail business
that sells goods or merchandise of the types sold in May's (or its subsidiaries'
or divisions') stores at retail to consumers or (y) any group of such stores or
businesses or any other business that (A) competes (for customers, suppliers,
employees or any other resource) with May or a May subsidiary, division or
store; (B) is located in the United States...; and (C) had annual gross sales
volume or revenues ... in the prior fiscal year of more than $25 million . . . ;
or
. . . .
(iii) any business in the United States or another country where May or a May
subsidiary or division operates a store or stores in which your duties and
functions would be substantially similar to your duties and functions under this
Agreement and that is in material competition with May or a May subsidiary or
division.
The Agreement further provided that either party could seek a judicial
determination of its rights under the Agreement and that the parties would abide
by their obligations under the Agreement until the court entered a final
judgment.
In the spring of 2003, VSS made Weikel an offer to become its Chief Operating
Officer. Weikel considered this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. After
negotiations between his counsel and VSS, Weikel entered into an indemnification
agreement with VSS, but he did not accept the offer of employment or sign an
employment agreement. The following business day, Weikel met with his boss, Drew
Pickman ("Pickman"), to tell him of the offer from VSS and to seek
May's agreement that his acceptance of VSS's offer would not violate the terms
of the restrictive covenant or any other contractual obligations to May because
VSS is not a competitor of May. Weikel requested an immediate response because
both he and VSS were anxious to begin their relationship. Weikel pledged to
continue to faithfully perform all of his duties under the Agreement and offered
to assist May with the transition to a new Chairman of Foley's.
Pickman told Weikel that he wanted him to stay and that he would work with the
CEO of May to persuade him to stay. Pickman told Weikel that he believed VSS was
a competitor of May and asked for more time to respond. Weikel told Pickman he
needed an answer that day.
Because May would not agree that VSS and May are not competitors, Weikel and VSS
filed the underlying declaratory judgment action seeking a declaration that
Weikel's employment by VSS would not violate his Agreement with May. On June 9,
2003, upon learning of the filing of the declaratory judgment action, May
terminated Weikel from active employment but continued to pay his salary. Weikel
did not begin working for VSS, and he remained inactive pending the trial
court's judgment.
On November 20, 2003, after each party submitted extensive testimony and
numerous exhibits, the trial court entered its judgment, including findings of
fact and conclusions of law. The trial court found that VSS is an independent
subsidiary of Limited Brands, Inc., and it specializes in the sale of women's
intimate apparel. VSS is a vertically-integrated specialty retailer that sells
only a single brand, Victoria's Secret. It designs its own lingerie and controls
its manufacture and distribution through its own channels. VSS targets younger
women, specifically in their mid-twenties, who are willing to pay higher prices
for the Victoria's Secret premium brand. VSS markets sex appeal for the fashion
conscious. VSS has annual sales of approximately $2 billion per year.
May and its divisions, including Foley's, are traditional department stores that
sell a broad array of products, consisting of hundreds of merchandise categories
and thousands of brands. Intimate apparel constitutes approximately 3% of May's
overall sales. May's core customers are women between the ages of 40 and 50
years old. May is considered a branded business in that it sells products
manufactured by others as opposed to a private label business. May's bi-annual
Market Share report, which breaks down its market share and apparel store
competitors, does not mention VSS.
VSS customers are "item specific" and loyal to the Victoria Secret
brand. VSS has developed a marketing strategy that is brand-driven as opposed to
price-driven. That strategy is separate and distinct from that used by May or
other broad-line retailers. VSS promotes its designer image. In contrast, May's
business focuses on price advantage and does not trade on brand loyalty.
The trial court further found that VSS wanted to hire Weikel solely for his
personal skills and not for any information or knowledge he has about May. It is
not interested in information he has about how May conducts its business because
its business focus, strategy and marketing techniques are not at all similar to
May's. VSS does not competitively shop May or study anything May does in terms
of sales, products or operations. VSS finds such information to be
counterproductive because May is a traditional or horizontal marketer whose
retailing approach is markedly different from VSS.
The trial court found no evidence that Weikel had attempted to solicit or
contact any other employees or executives of May. There was no evidence of
specific customer lists or contacts Weikel would be able to use if employed by
VSS and no evidence Weikel had divulged any confidential or proprietary
information to VSS. Weikel has signed a non-disclosure agreement with VSS
prohibiting solicitation of May employees or disclosure of any of May's
confidential information.
The trial court found that the restrictive covenant in Weikel's Agreement with
May was only triggered if he went to work for a competing business. It further
found that May and VSS do not compete in any material or meaningful way. The
targeted customer profiles of the two companies are completely different. They
do not compete for suppliers, vendors or other resources. VSS has its own
designs manufactured overseas for exclusive sale in its own stores. Intimate
apparel is the primary product of VSS but comprises only about 3% of May's
overall sales.
May and VSS use completely different marketing strategies. VSS has successfully
built its company using a vertically integrated market strategy that is totally
different from that used by May. Any confidential information possessed by
Weikel is not sought by VSS and would not give VSS a competitive edge over May.
The non-competition provision of the Agreement was found not to be per se
unreasonable or unenforceable, merely inapplicable under the facts and the law
in this case because no material competition exists between VSS and May.
Although the trial court found no evidence Weikel had solicited May employees or
misused confidential or trade secret business information from May, the
provision barring such activity was found to be enforceable for one year
pursuant to section 431.202 RSMo Supp. 2001. Based on these findings, the trial
court entered judgment in favor of Weikel and VSS on their claim for declaratory
relief and against May on its counterclaim for tortious interference and civil
conspiracy. May appeals.
The standard of review is the same for the three points May brings on appeal.
The judgment of the trial court will be sustained unless there is no substantial
evidence to support it, unless it is against the weight of the evidence, unless
it erroneously declares the law, or unless it erroneously applies the law. Murphy
v. Carron, 536 S.W.2d 30, 32 (Mo. banc 1976). The primary rule in the
interpretation of a contract is to ascertain the intent of the parties and to
give effect to those intentions. Kling v. Taylor-Morley, Inc., 929 S.W.2d
816, 819 (Mo. App. 1996).
By definition, covenants by employees not to compete with their employers after
termination of their employment restrain trade in a free market. Grebing v.
First Nat'l Bank of Cape Girardeau, 613 S.W.2d 872, 874 (Mo. App. 1981).
Covenants not to compete are presumptively void and are enforceable only to the
extent they are demonstratively reasonable. Armstrong v. Cape Girardeau
Physician Assocs., 49 S.W.3d 821, 825 (Mo. App. 2001). The determination of
reasonableness depends upon the competing needs of the parties as well as the
needs of the public. Grebing, 613 S.W.2d at 874. These needs are: (1) the
employer's need to protect legitimate business interests, such as trade secrets
and customer lists; (2) the employee's need to make a living; and (3) the
public's need to secure the employee's presence in the labor pool. Id. A
restrictive covenant in an employment agreement is only valid and enforceable if
it is necessary to protect trade secrets and customer contacts, and if it is
reasonable as to time and place. Schmersahl, Treloar & Co., P.C. v.
McHugh, 28 S.W.3d 345, 349 (Mo. App. 2000). The burden of demonstrating the
covenant's validity is on the party seeking to enforce it. Armstrong, 49
S.W.3d at 825.
In its first point, May urges that the trial court's finding that VSS does not
compete with May is against the weight of the evidence and erroneously declares
and applies the law in that: (1) the covenant defines competition so as to
include VSS and its affiliated companies; (2) the evidence overwhelmingly
established that both companies sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
intimate apparel in many of the same markets at comparable price points; (3)
there is a substantial amount of cross-shopping by customers and the parties for
employees as well as customers; and (4) VSS has repeatedly identified department
stores as significant competitors and May's intimate apparel department
considers VSS as among its principal competitors. We will briefly examine these
contentions in turn.
May's first contention misstates the findings of the trial court. The trial
court did not find that VSS and May are not competitors, it found that there was
no meaningful or material competition between May and VSS. This finding suggests
that the trial court was applying definition (iii) of the term "Competing
Business" set forth above. That definition defines a competing business as
one located in the same country as a May store or stores in which Weikel's
duties would be substantially similar to his duties at May and that is in
"material competition" with May or a May subsidiary or division. The
term "material competition" is not further defined.
There is substantial evidence that VSS was not a business that was in
"material competition" within the intent of the parties. The trial
court specifically found that May's bi-annual Market Share report, which breaks
down its market share and apparel store competitors, does not mention VSS.
Clearly, not all businesses that offer the "same" products, broadly
defined, are necessarily in "material competition." Ritz-Carlton and
Motel 6 both offer lodging, but few would characterize the competition between
them as "material." Mortons of Chicago and McDonalds both offer food,
but it is unlikely that either firm would view the other as a
"material" competitor. More importantly, it is highly unlikely that an
executive moving from any of these firms to the "competitor" would
give the new employer an unfair competitive advantage, which is one of the key
stated purposes of the agreement at issue in this case. The trial court
specifically found that any confidential information possessed by Weikel would
not give VSS a competitive advantage over May. This finding is supported by
substantial evidence.
May would apply definition (i) of the term "Competing Business," which
includes any retailer of goods or merchandise of the type sold by May with a
sales volume of $2 million. The difficulty with this contention is that
definition (iii) specifically defines the term as applied to employment in a
similar capacity, which is the situation presented in this case. Moreover, if
literally applied, definition (i) would preclude employment by virtually every
non-automotive or hardware retailer in the United States. On this record, such a
broad prescription would appear to be far broader than necessary to protect May
from any unfair competitive advantage. We find no error in the trial court's
application of the more specific definition found in paragraph (iii).
It is certainly true, as May urges, that the record establishes that both May
and VSS sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of intimate apparel. There
was substantial evidence, however, that they are selling them to essentially
different groups of consumers. May's evidence with respect to the amount of
cross-shopping did not establish the percentage of customers who actually made
purchases of intimate apparel at both stores and was apparently found
unpersuasive by the trial court.
May also draws our attention to impeachment evidence it offered to establish
that, while not necessarily mentioning May or its divisions specifically, VSS
has in various court proceedings, internal documents, and public filings
identified department stores as competitors for the sale of intimate apparel.
The trial court, however, apparently found VSS's witnesses and their
explanations of these documents more credible. More importantly, however, the
meaning of "material competition" in the Agreement must be based on
what the parties to the agreement intended, not how VSS views the market.
In sum, the trial court found that VSS and May are not in material competition
for the sale of intimate apparel. This determination was made by the trial court
after examining evidence presented by both parties and determining the
credibility of witnesses before the court. The credibility of witnesses and the
weight to be given to their testimony is a matter for the trial court. In re
Marriage of Crow and Gilmore, 103 S.W.3d 778, 783 (Mo. banc 2003). Although
May points to evidence presented at trial in support of its contentions, the
trial court may have disregarded all of the evidence favorable to May. The trial
court is free to believe none, part or all of the testimony of witnesses. Herbert
v. Harl, 757 S.W.2d 585, 587 (Mo. banc 1988). We hold that the trial court's
findings are supported by substantial evidence, are not against the weight of
the evidence and do not erroneously declare or apply the law. Point denied.
In its second point, May argues the trial court erred in refusing to enforce
Weikel's covenant not to compete because the overwhelming evidence established
that Weikel had knowledge of and access to numerous types of confidential
information concerning May's marketing, pricing, personnel, vendor margins,
cost-control efforts, staffing, inventory, expansion plans, and other data that
are proprietary to May and would be useful to VSS and its affiliated companies.
Covenants not to compete are enforceable only to protect against unfair
competitive use of either customer contacts or trade secrets. Armstrong,
49 S.W.3d at 825. The Missouri Uniform Trade Secrets Act defines a trade secret
as "a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique or
process" that derives value from not being known and not being readily
ascertainable by proper means by others who can obtain economic value from its
use and is "the subject of [reasonable] efforts . . . to maintain its
secrecy." Section 417.453 RSMo 2000. The protection does not extend to
knowledge that is the natural product of the employment or known throughout the
industry, but only to trade secrets or influences over customers. See Renwood
Food Products v. Schaefer, 223 S.W.2d 144, 151-52 (Mo. App. 1949).
There is no dispute that Weikel did not have customer contacts which could
conceivably give VSS an unfair competitive advantage over May. May argues that
the trial court "implicitly" found that Weikel possessed trade secrets
in light of its finding that Weikel's non-disclosure agreement could be enforced
if he misused confidential or trade secret business information. We do not view
this observation as a finding that Weikel has any information which constitutes
a May company trade secret. The trial court expressly found that any
confidential information possessed by Weikel would not give VSS a competitive
advantage over May.
May produced three witnesses on the subject of confidential information. Kay
Piper ("Piper"), May's Vice-President of the intimate apparel and
hosiery department, testified with respect to intimate apparel confidential
information. She identified four May company reports she believed might be
valuable to a competitor. She had never heard Weikel's name until the lawsuit
was initiated and had no idea whether he had seen any of the reports. Weikel
testified that he spent less than 3% of his time on intimate apparel matters at
Foley's, concentrating instead on operational matters involving areas such as
furniture, mattresses, cosmetics and shoes. He had never reviewed any strategic
initiatives regarding intimate apparel at Foley's or May.
Kenneth Wilkerson ("Wilkerson"), May's designated corporate
representative regarding confidential information other than intimate apparel,
identified several categories of confidential information to which a Chairman at
May would have had access. These included two sales reports, the departmental
operating report, May's staffing system, May's customer service program and
human resource information. Wilkerson had no knowledge that Weikel had any of
May's confidential information in his possession and Weikel testified that he
did not. Weikel has had no ability to access such information since June 2003.
There was evidence that the confidential information to which Weikel would have
had access was not readily susceptible to memorization and had a limited useful
life. Wilkerson conceded that he could not recite the actual sales numbers and
figures in the sales report without having the document in front of him. The
intimate apparel steering committee meets six times per year to generate a
business plan setting out the strategic direction for May's sale of intimate
apparel. Those plans are updated and changed every couple of months. The
confidential reports identified by Piper are generated weekly or monthly. May's
seasonal plans and forecasts, discussed at the twice-annual President's Counsel
and Chairman's roundtable meetings, cover a six-month period of time. Sales and
other reports are generated weekly or monthly. May's merchandising plans are
generally for a six-month period, but they are constantly reviewed and updated.
Based on this evidence, the trial court could reasonably have found that while
the actual reports themselves would be potentially valuable to a competitor when
issued, the useful life of the reports is relatively short. The fact that Piper,
who is in charge of May's intimate apparel business, has a six-month
non-competition agreement supports this inference. The trial court's finding
that any confidential May business information known to Weikel would not give
VSS a competitive advantage over May is supported by substantial evidence. Point
denied.
May's third proffered witness on the subject of confidential information was
John Dunham ("Dunham"). The trial court initially precluded Dunham
from testifying as to matters designated by May and about which May had
previously called Wilkerson to testify. The trial court did, however, allow May
to proffer Dunham's testimony and to file a post-trial memorandum as to the
propriety of allowing him to testify on the same subject as the designated
corporate representative. It its third point, May urges that the trial court
erred in excluding Dunham's testimony although it did listen to Dunham testify
during the proffer and never explicitly ruled on May's post-trial memorandum. We
find that Dunham's testimony was cumulative and repetitive of Wilkerson's
testimony and, assuming it was excluded, May was not prejudiced thereby. Steffen
v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Co., 56 S.W.2d 47, 48 (Mo. 1932); Keller
v. Int'l Harvester Corp., 648 S.W.2d 584, 588-89 (Mo. App. 1983). Point
denied.
The judgment is affirmed.

Separate Opinion:
None


This slip opinion is subject to revision and may not
reflect the final opinion adopted by the Court.
 
 
 
 






Home
        | MyLawMemo | Custom
        Alerts | Newest Cases | Key
        Word Search  
Employment
        Law Memo | EEOC Info | NLRB
        Info | Arbitration | Articles
        | Law Firms | Site Map 




 






Get your 28 day
trial now  


 




 LawMemo, Inc. 

Post Office Box 8173
Portland,
     OR
97207 

   Phone: 877 399-8028 




