

Lottery Insider -- Lorne Weil










The Daily News Service, the competitive edge you need.
							 Insightful information about lotteries, vendors and the people who lead them --
							 Click Here

 




Want to know
						more than the headlines
Return to
						Index
 
WHOS
						WHOis brought to you with the compliments
						of




 




 




 


 





Lorne
									 Weil


 


SNAP SHOT
									  



Current Position

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
										Scientific Games



Career Brief

President - Lorne Weil, IncVice President -
										Corporate Development at General Instrument CorporationDirector - Avantair,
										Inc.Director - Sportech PlcSenior Professional - Boston Consulting
										Group



Education

Bachelors degree at the University of
										Toronto, an MS from the London School of Economics, and an MBA from Columbia
										University. 



Residence

New York City


Social
									 Network



 
A. LORNE WEILChairman and
								Chief Executive Officer Scientific Games CorporationA. Lorne Weil
								is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
								Scientific Games
								Corporation, a leading supplier of technology-based products, systems and
								services to gaming markets worldwide. On September 6, 2000, Autotote
								Corporation acquired Scientific Games Holdings Corporation and later became
								Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ: SGMS). Mr. Weil has been Chairman of the
								Board of Directors since October 1991 and served as Chief Executive Officer
								from April 1992 through December 2008. During this tenure, the company grew
								revenues from less than $50 million to over $1 billion. In November 2010, at
								the request of the Board of Directors of Scientific Games, Mr. Weil once again
								was appointed to the dual role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
								Weil also served as President of the Company from August 1997 to June 2005.
								Mr. Weil was President of Lorne Weil, Inc., a firm providing strategic
								planning and corporate development services to high technology industries, from
								1992 to November 1997. Previously, Mr. Weil was Vice President, Corporate
								Development at General Instrument Corporation, working with wagering and cable
								systems. Prior to that, he was a senior professional with the Boston Consulting
								Group. Mr. Weil is on the Board of Sportech Plc (LSE: SPO), for which
								Scientific Games holds a 20% ownership stake, and on the Board of Overseers of
								Columbia Business School, where he is also the Chairman of the Advisory Board
								of the Entrepreneurship Center. Mr. Weil earned his undergraduate degree at the
								University of Toronto, an MS from the London School of Economics, and an MBA
								from Columbia University. He lives with his wife, Kathy, and two children in
								New York City.
 


A Personal 'Snap Shot' Of Lorne
									 Weil 

Ten questions for
							 ....LORNE WEIL, Chairman and CEO, Scientific
							 Games Corporation. Q: What was your first
							 job? A: Member of the professional staff of
							 the Boston Consulting Group.  Q: Name a business leader you
							 admire. A: The late Professor Peter
							 DruckerQ: What's the secret to business
							 success? A: It's not a secret: the combination of
							 talent, luck and hard work. But hard work is the only thing we have any control
							 over. Q: What's the best piece of
							 advice you have ever received?A: When things are going well, don't be
							 fooled into confusing good luck with personal credit. Q: What
							 is your greatest regret in business?A: None. Q: What
							 skills or qualities do you wish you had?A: Patience. Q: What are you
							 reading?A: "The Right Hand Shore" by
							 Christopher Tilghman. Q: What are the highs of your
							 current job? A: Seeing the fruits of entrepreneurial
							 initiative. Q: And the lows?
A:
							 Dealing with bureaucracies of one kind or another.Q: How
							 do you achieve work life balance? A: Make sure I have breakfast and dinner
							 with my kids as often as possible.
							  


News
									  



 

 



 

 

 

   


 

This site is
						optimized for Explorer 4.0 & above and a monitor resolution of 1280 x 1024.
						Please adjust your screen accordingly.
Interplay Multimedia
						Pty. Ltd.disclaims all liability for information provided within
						Lottery Insider.Data supplied by named sources.Associated Press content
						is Copyrighted by The Associated Press. All other news articles are owned
						by their respective publishers.



 



Lottery Insider -- Lorne Weil










The Daily News Service, the competitive edge you need.
							 Insightful information about lotteries, vendors and the people who lead them --
							 Click Here

 




Want to know
						more than the headlines
Return to
						Index
 
WHOS
						WHOis brought to you with the compliments
						of




 




 




 


 





Lorne
									 Weil


 


SNAP SHOT
									  



Current Position

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
										Scientific Games



Career Brief

President - Lorne Weil, IncVice President -
										Corporate Development at General Instrument CorporationDirector - Avantair,
										Inc.Director - Sportech PlcSenior Professional - Boston Consulting
										Group



Education

Bachelors degree at the University of
										Toronto, an MS from the London School of Economics, and an MBA from Columbia
										University. 



Residence

New York City


Social
									 Network



 
A. LORNE WEILChairman and
								Chief Executive Officer Scientific Games CorporationA. Lorne Weil
								is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
								Scientific Games
								Corporation, a leading supplier of technology-based products, systems and
								services to gaming markets worldwide. On September 6, 2000, Autotote
								Corporation acquired Scientific Games Holdings Corporation and later became
								Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ: SGMS). Mr. Weil has been Chairman of the
								Board of Directors since October 1991 and served as Chief Executive Officer
								from April 1992 through December 2008. During this tenure, the company grew
								revenues from less than $50 million to over $1 billion. In November 2010, at
								the request of the Board of Directors of Scientific Games, Mr. Weil once again
								was appointed to the dual role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
								Weil also served as President of the Company from August 1997 to June 2005.
								Mr. Weil was President of Lorne Weil, Inc., a firm providing strategic
								planning and corporate development services to high technology industries, from
								1992 to November 1997. Previously, Mr. Weil was Vice President, Corporate
								Development at General Instrument Corporation, working with wagering and cable
								systems. Prior to that, he was a senior professional with the Boston Consulting
								Group. Mr. Weil is on the Board of Sportech Plc (LSE: SPO), for which
								Scientific Games holds a 20% ownership stake, and on the Board of Overseers of
								Columbia Business School, where he is also the Chairman of the Advisory Board
								of the Entrepreneurship Center. Mr. Weil earned his undergraduate degree at the
								University of Toronto, an MS from the London School of Economics, and an MBA
								from Columbia University. He lives with his wife, Kathy, and two children in
								New York City.
 


A Personal 'Snap Shot' Of Lorne
									 Weil 

Ten questions for
							 ....LORNE WEIL, Chairman and CEO, Scientific
							 Games Corporation. Q: What was your first
							 job? A: Member of the professional staff of
							 the Boston Consulting Group.  Q: Name a business leader you
							 admire. A: The late Professor Peter
							 DruckerQ: What's the secret to business
							 success? A: It's not a secret: the combination of
							 talent, luck and hard work. But hard work is the only thing we have any control
							 over. Q: What's the best piece of
							 advice you have ever received?A: When things are going well, don't be
							 fooled into confusing good luck with personal credit. Q: What
							 is your greatest regret in business?A: None. Q: What
							 skills or qualities do you wish you had?A: Patience. Q: What are you
							 reading?A: "The Right Hand Shore" by
							 Christopher Tilghman. Q: What are the highs of your
							 current job? A: Seeing the fruits of entrepreneurial
							 initiative. Q: And the lows?
A:
							 Dealing with bureaucracies of one kind or another.Q: How
							 do you achieve work life balance? A: Make sure I have breakfast and dinner
							 with my kids as often as possible.
							  


News
									  



 

 



 

 

 

   


 

This site is
						optimized for Explorer 4.0 & above and a monitor resolution of 1280 x 1024.
						Please adjust your screen accordingly.
Interplay Multimedia
						Pty. Ltd.disclaims all liability for information provided within
						Lottery Insider.Data supplied by named sources.Associated Press content
						is Copyrighted by The Associated Press. All other news articles are owned
						by their respective publishers.



 












Blank check company Hydra Acquisition files and sets terms for a $100 million IPO - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Blank check company Hydra Acquisition files and sets terms for a $100 million IPO


August 19, 2014, 06:10:45 PM EDT
By Renaissance Capital, Renaissance Capital









































Shutterstock photo



Hydra Industries Acquisition, a blank check company formed by
  A. Lorne Weil and sponsored by Macquarie, filed and set terms for
  an initial public offering on Tuesday. The New York,
  NY-based company plans to raise up to $100 million by offering 10
  million units at $10 per unit. At that price, the company would
  command a fully diluted market value of $125 million.
  


  A. Lorne Weil previously served as Chairman and CEO of
  Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ: SMGS) for about 20 years.
  He also served as sponsor and Chairman of Andina Acquisition
  Corp, a blank check company that raised $40 million in a 2012 IPO
  and later acquired Tecnoglass (
  TGLS

  ).
  


  Another blank check company sponsored by Macquarie, Terrapin 3
  Acquisition (
  TRTLU

  ), raised $185 million in its July IPO.
  


  Hydra was formed in 2014 and plans to list on the NASDAQ under
  the symbol HDRAU. UBS Investment Bank is the sole bookrunner on
  the deal. No pricing date was disclosed.




The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , IPOs





Referenced Symbols:

                                        TGLS
                                    
, 

                                        TRTLU
                                    












More from Renaissance Capital



Subscribe




Upcoming IPOs
Recently Priced IPOs














Related IPOs Articles




Subscribe







US IPO Weekly Recap: Brokerage Redfin and biotech Sienna soar, RBB bancorp flat


						7/28/2017 05:52 PM
					



US IPO Week Ahead: A Huntsman spinoff, a rare bone disease biotech, and Snap's lock-up


						7/28/2017 05:10 PM
					



Redfin prices IPO at $15, above the range


						7/27/2017 08:31 PM
					














Contributor:Renaissance Capital
IPOs



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





TGLS








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Industry: Lorne Weil





















 





  







Subscribe:

Digital	 
	Home Delivery



			Subscribe 


Digital

Home Delivery





Login 
Odds 
 













 









  





Lorne Weil

				December 07, 2010 7:10 AM
				by
				Ray Poirier 

Wall Street reacted almost immediately to the news that Lorne  Weil was back at the helm of Scientific Games Corporation (SGMS).
Within days of the announcement, shares of SGMS moved up from  a moribund $6.63 per share to a more robust $8.66 at the close of trading on  Friday.
Weil, whose most recent role has been as company chairman,  moves back to his CEO role, replacing Michael Chambrello, who will now head the  company’s Asia-Pacific region.
Vice Chairman David L. Kennedy, will fill the newly-created  position of executive vice chairman and will focus on enhancing the company’s  operational performance.
Weil was the CEO when the company was known as Autotote and  led the country in providing wagering machine and software services to a  majority of North American racetracks.
When he took the post, the company’s revenues were less  than $50 million. When he switched positions to company chairman, the company,  now called Scientific Games following its acquisition of the country’s  foremost producer of instant lottery tickets, revenues topped $1 billion.
Recently, the company seemed to be languishing after having  lost a couple of key lottery contracts so the management shakeup, and  particularly the return of Lorne Weil as a key player, was warmly welcomed by  investors.
Also appreciated, it appeared, was the expansion of the  executive staff to a three-man team, lead by Weil, with support from Chambrello  and Kennedy.
"One of our key initiatives has been to expand our  presence in China where we see meaningful opportunity for growth," Weil  commented following the announcement.
"We’ve had significant success in China in a very  short period of time. That said, we believe the growth potential is much greater  than we have realized to date. We’ve determined that we need to devote  significantly more senior management time and personnel to further developing  our China business. As the original architect of our China expansion  initiatives, Mike Chambrello is extremely well-suited to spearhead our strategy  and execution in this key jurisdiction," he added.
"David Kennedy," he said, "will be part of the  expanded team that will lead Scientific Games in its next phase of growth. I  look forward to working closely with David, Mike our CFO Jeff Lipkin, and the  rest of our team to re-invigorate and restore growth to our business."
Among the key growth initiatives cited by Weil were:
Become the pre-eminent supplier of server-based gaming  machines in both the U.K. and North America;
Further develop the international instant ticket market in  North America, international jurisdictions, and especially in China;
Increase product sales by tailoring the company’s products  to suit all retail outlets;
Develop and deliver new content, and
Expand utilization of the Internet and interactive  technologies.

 
 





Ray Poirier 



 


E-mail 



Ray Poirier has been a resident of Las Vegas, and a member of the GamingToday staff, for the past 20 years. He was...					more 

My Articles



Idaho reviews Instant Racing 

Tribe offers arena bucks for… 

Sands China sees leisure as… 

More articles by Ray... 



 


Share

  




Topics

Scientific Games Corporation
SGMS
Lorne Weil
Ray Poirier
Michael Chambrello
David L. Kennedy
Jeff Lipkin



		top stories	

Nevada casinos end fiscal year with…Casinos in Nevada won 2.9 percent more from gamblers in the fiscal year that ended in June, compared with the year before. For the 12 months from July 2016 to June 2017, so-called “casino win” in Nevada totaled more than $11.4 billion.

read more 


Las Vegas airport 500K ahead of…McCarran International Airport is reporting that it handled 500,000 more passengers in the first half of 2017 than the first six months last year. Clark County officials reported that the Las Vegas airport logged just under 4.2M arriving and departing people in June.

read more 


MGM Resorts beats 2Q profit forecastsMGM Resorts International (MGM) on Thursday reported second-quarter net income of $210.6 million. The Las Vegas-based company said it had profit of 36 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, came to 31 cents per share.

read more 


Wynn Resorts tops Wall Street 2Q…Wynn Resorts Ltd. reports second-quarter earnings of $74.9 million. On a per-share basis, the Las Vegas-based company said it had net income of 73 cents. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs and to extinguish debt, were $1.18 per share.

read more 


Cowboys should be the favorite... for…NFL Previews | Based on cumulative records last year, the NFC East was the kingpin of the league at 15 games over .500, producing a wild card for the first time in seven years (NY Giants 11-5) and the top seed in the conference (Dallas 13-3).

read more 


 



How big is the pokies market in Australia? 

Swedish casinos and game developers 

History of online sports betting 

UK's Gambling Industry in Numbers 1999 - 2015 




 

 


 

 






				GT Wagering Board
				(powered by DonBest.com)




Expand 





Spreads/Totals
Spreads
Money Lines
Totals
 
ML/Totals
Run Lines
Money Lines
Totals
 
Pacific Standard Time
Mountain Standard Time
Central Standard Time
Eastern Standard Time
 
NBA
NCAAF
NFL
NCAAB
MLB
NHL
 



 Auto Refresh

Off




 




 
					Fri, Jul 28, 2017				



Previous			|
			Next 








			Change Sportsbook
		








Rot
Team
Time
Caesars
Westgate
Mirage
South Point
Station
Wynn





	951952

	Atlanta BravesPhiladelphia Phillies


		4:00 PM				


			-140+125		

			-140+130		

			-145+125		

			-140+130		

			-140+130		

			-150+135		



	953954

	Colorado RockiesWashington Nationals

		4:05 PM		

			+120-140		

			+125-140		

			--		

			+120-140		

			+123-136		

			+120-140		



	955956

	Cincinnati RedsMiami Marlins

		4:10 PM		

			+100-115		

			+108-118		

			+100-120		

			+109-119		

			+110-120		

			-103-112		



	957958

	Chicago CubsMilwaukee Brewers

		5:10 PM		

			-135+120		

			-135+125		

			-145+125		

			-137+127		

			-140+130		

			-140+125		



	959960

	Arizona DiamondbacksSt. Louis Cardinals

		5:15 PM		

			+115-130		

			+120-130		

			+115-135		

			+120-130		

			+115-125		

			+111-126		



	961962

	San Francisco GiantsLos Angeles Dodgers

		7:10 PM		

			+250-300		

			+280-320		

			+250-300		

			+285-350		

			+270-350		

			+250-300		



	963964

	Pittsburgh PiratesSan Diego Padres

		7:10 PM		

			-155+140		

			-160+150		

			-155+135		

			-156+146		

			-155+140		

			-163+148		



	965966

	Tampa Bay RaysNew York Yankees

		4:05 PM		

			+170-200		

			+175-190		

			+170-200		

			+180-200		

			+170-190		

			+190-210		



	967968

	Los Angeles AngelsToronto Blue Jays

		4:05 PM		

			+125-140		

			+130-140		

			+130-150		

			+131-141		

			+135-150		

			+120-135		



	969970

	Kansas City RoyalsBoston Red Sox

		4:10 PM		

			+135-150		

			+140-150		

			+135-155		

			+139-149		

			+140-155		

			+132-147		



	971972

	Houston AstrosDetroit Tigers

		4:10 PM		

			-160+145		

			-157+147		

			-165+145		

			-160+150		

			-165+150		

			-151+136		



	973974

	Baltimore OriolesTexas Rangers

		5:05 PM		

			+125-140		

			+128-138		

			+120-140		

			+132-142		

			+130-140		

			+125-140		



	975976

	Cleveland IndiansChicago White Sox

		5:10 PM		

			-250+210		

			-260+230		

			-270+230		

			-270+230		

			-270+225		

			-270+230		



	977978

	Minnesota TwinsOakland Athletics

		7:05 PM		

			-110-105		

			-110+100		

			-115-105		

			-110+100		

			-110+100		

			-112-103		



	979980

	New York MetsSeattle Mariners

		7:10 PM		

			+145-160		

			+150-160		

			+135-155		

			+152-165		

			+145-160		

			+150-165		





 










			Race / Sports		


VIP Betting Tips 

NFL 

Fantasy 

NCAA 

Horse Racing 

Boxing / MMA 

MLB 

NBA 

NHL 

NASCAR 

Other Sports 

Futures 

More Articles 


			Casino Games		


Keno / Bingo 

Table Games 

Poker 

Video Casino 

Other Games 

Patricia Chavira 

Irene Edith 

George Epstein 

Elliot Frome 

Pesach Kremen 

More Articles 




			Industry		


The Analyst 

Eileen Di Rocco 

Dana Lane 

Robert Mann 

Robert Turner 

More Articles 


			Going Out		


Casino Deals 

Dining 

Out and About 

Shows & Concerts 

Marco D'Angelo 

H. Scot Krause 

Monti Rock III 




			Sports Columnists		


Dennis Ball 

 Alan Berg 

Ian Cameron 

Bob Christ 

Steve Davidowitz 

Doc's Sports 

Dave Dye 

Jim Feist 

Bob Harvey 

Andy Iskoe 

Jon Lindo 

Mark Mayer 

Tony Mejia 

Mike North 

Chris ORorke 

Noland Parry 

Nick Pellegrino 

Micah Roberts 

Richard Saber 

Scott Schettler 

Ramon Scott 

Ted Sevransky 

Michelle SportSX 

Dave Valento 

Vegas Runner 




			Newspaper (VIP)		


Download PDF 


			Partners		


VideoPoker.com 

DonBest.com 


			Join Us		


Facebook 

Twitter 




			Gaming Tutorial		


Poker 

Video Poker 

Three Card Poker 

Caribbean Stud Poker 

Pai Gow Poker 

Let it Ride Poker 

Blackjack 

Craps 

Roulette 

Baccarat 

Keno 

Video Keno 

Slots 

Bingo 

Sports Betting 

Horse Race Betting 







Privacy Policy 

About GT 

Contact Us 

Links 

Advertise 

Copyright © 2001-2017 GamingToday.com. All rights reserved. 
If you or someone you know needs immediate assistance due to gambling problem, call: Problem Gamblers Helpline 1-800-522-4700 (All calls are confidential).




















	Profile Lorne Weil



































































 

 
 














Home
I-Gaming
Operations
Food and Beverage
Facilities
Equipment and Technology
Security and Surveillance
Gaming Business
Casinos
Lotteries
Horse Racing/Racinos
First Nations Gaming
People and Community
Responsible Gaming
Charitable Gaming
Training and HR
Marketing
Facility Profiles
Executive Profiles
Corporate Profiles
Regulatory and Finance
E-News
Advertise
Contact Us










You are here >

                     
Profile Lorne Weil


  



































CONTACT US
When it comes to customer service, we like to employ a Total  Satisfaction Guarantee. 




You can reach us at 
                                    (416) 512-8186 or 
                                    toll free 1-866-216-0860




Looking to Advertise? 
                                    More Info


Publisher:
Chuck Nervick
(416) 512-8186 ext. 227 or Toll Free 1-866-216-0860



Managing Editor:
Sean Moon
(416) 512-8186 ext. 265 or Toll Free 1-866-216-0860




 





For advertising information, contact Chuck Nervick



 













CURRENT DIGITAL EDITION


















 


















Gaming Profile - Archives
Executive Q&A: Lorne Weil 
            CEO of Scientific Games








 


Leave a comment

 

 






 



Lorne Weil is CEO of Scientific Games. He was born in Ontario, attended University of Toronto, and has made waves in the gaming industry since. In CGB's latest Q&A, he offers his perspective on Canadian lotteries, growth opportunities, and gaming innovation.
Q: How can the lotteries in Canada remain competitive and sustain growth over the next several years with the introduction of new channels and the many gaming and entertainment options available to consumers?






 
 
 













“Scientific Games looks at lottery not as a collection of products, but as a collection of players. Lottery in Canada is a $9.4 billion industry. The lotteries here have a well-established brand and an enormous addressable consumer base because they have spent years building trust and credibility with players. Few consumer products have such a large number of users. The Canadian lotteries are doing a great job optimizing their consumer base and making players the focus. Adding players’ clubs and rewards programs could create an internet community for the lottery player, extend the play experience, and grow playership. Our interactive games, electronic instant tickets, and licensed entertainment brands – like Monopoly and Scrabble – can help build an entertainment platform. Around the world, lotteries are seeing results with mobilization of their consumer base through promotions that drive players back and forth between the internet and traditional retail. We must be very attentive to the lottery consumer and the game portfolio: the quality of the games, the play experience, and access to the games at retail. The ultimate arbiter of where the growth will be in the coming years is the consumer.
















Q: How is Scientific Games currently supporting customers in Canada, and what direction do you see the customer-vendor relationship headed?
Scientific Games has about 300 employees in Canada. In 2011, we printed over $4 billion in instant tickets from our Montreal facility that were exported throughout the world. We provide systems technology for Atlantic Lottery Corporation (ALC) and British Columbia Lottery Corporation (BCLC), as well as terminals for Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (OLG). Our instants contracts with ALC, Loto- Quebec, and OLG continue to drive returns to beneficiaries. We are also the 2012 supplier of Canada’s national instant games, and the games are selling well. As the first step in their purchasing decisions, many lotteries are now taking a very forward- planning approach by embarking upon a strategic review of their current technology, operations and business processes. Lotteries are looking at opportunities to bundle services with vendors such as Scientific Games to gain access to an integrated partnership model, centers of innovation and a powerful purchasing structure tied to the economics of the business.
Q: Where is Scientific Games focusing innovation efforts in the coming years?
Globally, lotteries are focused on growth and are returning to an investment in innovation. This allows Scientific Games to look at long-term investment through innovation and the return on investment. Where lotteries have invested in their retail network, payouts of games, advertising and technology, there has been growth. We are a global leader in the instant product category. We actually first began printing instant tickets in Canada in the 1970s. The extended play category we launched for the very first time here with ALC in the 1980s makes up a good portion of Canada’s $2 billion a year in instant game sales today. The current lottery business can be optimized if you have player knowledge, leading game content, and payout/prize structure analytics to drive innovation. We’ve seen growth in Italy, China, and the U.S. with the adoption of best practices through our Cooperative Services Programs – and Canada can have that same success. Distribution is a key driver of success, working with the traditional retail network to optimize distribution, launch new games, and grow retail sales. We are doing all of this in parallel to investing in and growing the internet channel and our interactive products. Scientific Games will continue to focus innovation on the marriage of instant products and interactive – relationship based marketing, colorful instant games, having elements of the game reveal interactively, and driving the relationship at retail.
 












 

                                < Back                                                                                           Copyright © Canadian Gaming Business Magazine. All rights reserved.               


 


























            -
        




















































|  
Login












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Weil  Lorne - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Weil  Lorne
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Weil  Lorne. Find out Weil  Lorne address and contact details. View other people related to Weil  Lorne - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

c/o Avantair, Inc. 4311 General Howard Drive Clearwater 33762 FL




Companies related to Weil  Lorne
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001303849Avantair, Inc4311 GENERAL HOWARD DR  CLEARWATER 33762




Weil  Lorne on the Web
Persons related to Weil  Lorne - Avantair, IncNamePositionCityAllen  A.ClearwaterAllen  A.CLEARWATERAllen  A.ClearwaterA CLINTON  ALLENDirector NEEDHAMA CLINTON  ALLENDirector CLEARWATERRoberto  AllisonClearwaterRoberto  AllisonCLEARWATERGoldberg  ArthurClearwaterGoldberg  ArthurCLEARWATERGoldberg  ArthurClearwaterJONATHAN A G  AUERBACHNEW YORKJONATHAN A G  AUERBACHNEW YORKGordon  BarryClearwaterGordon  BarryCLEARWATERGordon  BarryClearwaterKevin Lee  BeitzelCLEARWATERKevin Lee  BeitzelChief Operating Officer CLEARWATERKevin Lee  BeitzelChief Operating Officer CLEARWATERKevin Lee  BeitzelChief Operating Officer CLEARWATERDR ROBERT M  BRILLJERICHO,DR ROBERT M  BRILLDirector JERICHOStucky  CarlaClearwaterTracy  ChaplinChief Operating Officer CLEARWATERStephanie A  CuskleyDirector CLEARWATERStephanie A  CuskleyDirector NEW YORKStephanie A  CuskleyDirector NEW YORKStephanie A  CuskleyDirector RUMSONRICHARD B  DEWOLFEDirector MILTONRICHARD B  DEWOLFEDirector MILTONJEFF  FEINBERGDEL MARARTHUR H  GOLDBERGGREAT NECK,ARTHUR H  GOLDBERGDirector GREAT NECKARTHUR H  GOLDBERGDirector CLEARWATERARTHUR H  GOLDBERGDirector GREAT NECKARTHUR H  GOLDBERGDirector KINGS POINTPhilip  GoodmanDirector SEWALL'S POINT,Barry J  GordonGARDEN CITY,Barry J  GordonChairman and CEO GARDEN CITYBarry J  GordonDirector CLEARWATERBarry J  GordonDirector DELRAY BEACHDavid  HaslettChief Operating Officer CLEARWATERHound Partners L PNEW YORKHound Partners, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHound Partners Offshore Fund, LPGRAND CAYMANHound Performance, LLCNEW YORKHUMMINGBIRD CAPITAL LLCNEW YORKHUMMINGBIRD CONCENTRATED FUND LPNEW YORKHUMMINGBIRD MANAGEMENT LLCNEW YORKHUMMINGBIRD MICROCAP VALUE FUND LPNEW YORKHUMMINGBIRD VALUE FUND LPNEW YORKBeitzel  KevinClearwaterBeitzel  KevinCLEARWATERMARC H  KLEEGARDEN CITY,MARC H  KLEEPresident and CFO GARDEN CITYROBERT  LEPOFSKYDirector CLEARWATERROBERT  LEPOFSKYDirector WELLESLEY HILLSROBERT  LEPOFSKYDirector WELLESLEY HILLSAlan J  LoewensteinVice President GARDEN CITYWeil  LorneClearwaterMARXE AUSTIN W & GREENHOUSE DAVID M10% Owner NEW YORKKevin  McKameyExecutive Vice President CLEARWATERRICHARD A  PYTAK JRCLEARWATERRICHARD A  PYTAK JRChief Financial Officer CLEARWATERRICHARD A  PYTAK JRChief Financial Officer CLEARWATERRICHARD A  PYTAK JRChief Financial Officer CLEARWATERRICHARD A  PYTAK JRChief Financial Officer CLEARWATERPytak, Jr.  RichardClearwaterPytak Jr.  RichardCLEARWATERDeWolfe  RichardCLEARWATERDeWolfe  RichardClearwaterDeWolfe  RichardClearwaterLepofsky  RobertClearwaterLepofsky  RobertCLEARWATERLepofsky  RobertClearwaterSteve  SantoChief Executive Officer CLEARWATERSteve  SantoChief Executive Officer CLEARWATERSteve  SantoChief Executive Officer CLEARWATERSteve  SantoChief Executive Officer CLEARWATERSteven  SantoClearwaterPAUL D  SONKIN10% Owner NEW YORKROBERT  SROKAVice President GREAT NECKCuskley  StephanieClearwaterCuskley  StephanieCLEARWATERCuskley  StephanieClearwaterWagman  StephenClearwaterSanto  StevenClearwaterSanto  StevenClearwaterCarla  StuckyCLEARWATERStephen Mark  WagmanCLEARWATERStephen Mark  WagmanPresident CLEARWATERJohn  WatersChief Financial Officer CLEARWATERA LORNE  WEILDirector NEW YORKA LORNE  WEILDirector NEW YORK




Other people with surname WeilWeil  Rick, Weil  Christopher, Weil  Matthew, Weil  Richard, Weil  Robert, Weil  Kymberlee, Weil  John, WEIL  RICHARD, Weil  Sandison, Weil  Rick, Weil  Michael, Weil  Richard, Weil  Laura, Weil  Robert, Weil  Edward, Weil  David, Weil  Edward, Weil  James, Weil  Richard, Weil  Edward, Weil  Matthew, Weil  William, Weil  Thomas, WEIL  LUKE, Weil  Matthew, Weil  William, Weil  James, Weil  David, Weil  Kymberlee, Weil  William, Weil  Thomas, Weil  Marc, WEIL  MARC, Weil  Luke, Weil  David, Weil  William, Weil  Tracey, Weil  Thomas, Weil  Sage, Weil  James, Weil  Kymberlee, WEIL  MARC, Weil  David, Weil  B., WEIL  ROBERT, Weil  Marc, Weil  David, Weil  William, Weil  Richard








 












Weil, A. Lorne - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































A. Lorne Weil
A. LORNE WEIL has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Scientific Games Corporation since 1992. Scientific Games is the leading
integrated supplier of instant tickets, systems and services to
lotteries and the leading supplier of wagering systems and services to
pari-mutuel operators. It is also a key provider of prepaid phone cards
to telephone operators and a licensed pari-mutuel gaming operator in
Connecticut, Holland and Germany. Mr. Weil held the same positions at
Scientific Games’ predecessor company, Autotote Systems, from 1992 until
the merger in 2000. Previously, Mr. Weil was Vice President, Corporate
Development at General Instrument Corporation, working with wagering and
cable systems. Prior to that, he was a senior professional with the
Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Weil earned his undergraduate degree at the
University of Toronto, an MS from the London School of Economics and an
MBA from Columbia University.
Related Interviews:A.lorne Weil - Scientific Games Corporation (sgms)October 06, 2003







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
















Re-encountering Lorne Weil: A Narrative of Reinvention | Sandford Borins










































































Sandford Borins
Professor of Public Management.  He writes, blogs, and teaches about narrative and innovation.







Re-encountering Lorne Weil: A Narrative of Reinvention

Last week I was reading Walter Keichel’s The Lords of Strategy, a history of strategic management, a field in which both academics and consultants have made important conceptual contributions. Early on, there was a somewhat inside-baseball chapter about the development of the market growth-industry share matrix by the Boston Consulting Group in the late Sixties.
In that discussion I found this sentence: “Finally Lorne Weil, a member of the team, proposed a new display to capture what was going on.” Though Keichel wanted his story to be accurate and complete, one of the rules of writing narrative to avoid referring to a minor character only once, and Lorne Weil was mentioned just this once. If readers paid the name any attention at all, they might have wondered if Lorne was a relative of the famous Sanford Weill.
But when I read that sentence my neurons started firing. I knew a Lorne Weil in high school. I think he was president of students’ council a few years before me. He was an excellent clarinetist and he performed Rhapsody in Blue and Mozart’s Clarinet Concerto with the school orchestra. And I vaguely remember sitting beside him on a flight between Boston and Toronto, probably forty years ago, and he was telling me about his job in management consulting.
I Googled Lorne Weil, confirmed my hunch, and found out lots of other interesting stuff. Yes he started his career in management consulting with BCG. He then moved to the technology sector, focusing on wagering systems and, from 1991 to 2008 was CEO of Scientific Games Corporation (SGMS on the Nasdaq), which describes itself as a supplier of instant lottery tickets and systems, online lottery systems, and pari-mutuel wagering systems and terminals.
Under Lorne’s leadership SGC did very well, increasing its revenues from $43 million to over a billion. Lorne also did very well: the industry publication Casino Journal told us that his total compensation in 2008 was $11 million, of which $ 8 million was in stock.
On the personal side, he lives in New York City and he’s on the Board of Overseers at Columbia Business School, where he took his MBA, and has endowed an “Outrageous Business Plan Competition.” He has a son Luke whose behavior appears to be outrageous, but in a different sense. Luke is discussed in a Jan. 7, 2008 feature article in New York Magazine by Jennifer Senior entitled Rich Kid Syndrome.  Luke had a checkered academic career at Brown and Columbia Business School and served jail time for assaulting a girlfriend. Finally, Lorne gave the maximum allowable donation to the 2008 McCain presidential campaign.
What strikes me about Lorne’s narrative is the theme of personal reinvention. Walter Kiechel writes that “One can make a decent living as a senior partner at a major consulting firm – these days, a productive type can earn upward of $ 3 or $ 4 million a year – but as a few of the breed complain privately, it’s no way to become seriously wealthy.” (p. 223). The problem is that consultants advise, but they don’t manage. So Lorne went from being a consultant to the gaming industry to managing a firm in the gaming industry, he was rewarded with equity in the company, and he did become seriously wealthy.
The second reinvention involves crossing a national border. Quite a few ambitious Canadians leave for the Big Apple or elsewhere in the US, like it there, and as Michael Ignatieff – to the detriment of his political career in Canada – did, start to refer to Americans in the first person plural.  Others- names like Dan Aykroyd and Frank Gehry come to mind – retain some ties with Canada. It appears that Lorne no longer has any Canadian presence and sees America as his we.
The high school Lorne and I attended, Vaughan Road Collegiate, now Vaughan Road Academy, will be celebrating its eighty-fifth year next spring. (When I attended, Vaughan was one-third Jewish, one-third Italian, one-third working class WASP and it was a great place to learn about what would later be referred to as Toronto’s multi-ethnic reality, but that’s another story.) I’d like to re-encounter Lorne again at the celebration, but I’d be surprised if he makes it.




Related posts



15 Seconds of Media Attention for a Vintage Watch

July 10, 2017July 10, 2017Sandford 





Watch Great Movies. Tell your Story. Learn Management. (MGSC12)

June 12, 2017June 12, 2017Sandford 





Learning Public Management Experientially (MGSC03)

June 12, 2017June 12, 2017Sandford 





The (Possible) Contact between Kushner and the Russians that No One is Talking About

May 29, 2017May 29, 2017Sandford 





			1 comment		





I worked for Lorne for a several years while he ran his own consulting firm in the early 80’s, before becoming CEO of Autotote.  He is an amazing individual with an uncanny ability to understand and guide others in their creation of wealth.  Clients loved him.  And his staff was truly devoted to him.   I would wager that most of his former employees would to this day be happy to be of service to him.  
Thanks to him, I developed an appreciation of the finer things in life – good food,  good wine, travel.  He not only earned substantially, he spent freely.  He is a very demanding individual and working for him was not easy.  But I am very happy that I had a chance to know him and work with him.    
I was glad to read your blog.

Reply 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 






Subscribe by email Enter your email address:
External LinksCanadian Association of Programs in Public Administration
Harvard Kennedy School Ash Center
IBM Center for the Business of Government
Institute of Public Administration of Canada
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Observatory of  Public Sector Innovation
University of Toronto Scarborough Department of Management
ProjectsEnterprising Fables – A book about narratives on private sector management


Search for:



 


























Public Gaming Interviews - Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer, Scientific Games Corporation 































 











 



HomePublic Gaming MagazinesJOBSRFP/TENDERSCorporateDaily Fantasy SportsEuropeFinanceHuman InterestInternet / Sports BettingLegalLottery USPoliticalRacino/CasinoRegulatoryResponsible GamingRetailSocial MediaTechnologyWorld LotteryHall of FameLifetime Achievement AwardPGRI TalksContact 




You are here:

Home»Corporate»Public Gaming Interviews - Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer, Scientific Games Corporation 















Public Gaming Interviews - Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer, Scientific Games Corporation 





Last Updated on 
					Wednesday, 02 May 2012 09:08				

					Wednesday, 02 May 2012 08:59				











 Public  						Gaming Interviews - Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer,  						Scientific Games Corporation.  PGRI Introduction:  The gaming industry, consumer markets, and macro-economic climate have moved out of a period of slow-growth conservatism and into a period of exciting change and high expectations.  The industry needs strong leadership to drive innovation and increase capital investment.  Lorne Weil served as CEO of Scientific Games from 1992 to 2008, during which time revenues grew from just under $50 million to over $1 billion. He returned to the CEO role in late 2010 to guide the company and its customers toward achieving full growth potential.   Mr. Weil talks about the important trends that will drive that growth and how Scientific Games is positioning its business units to create new and exciting player experiences that truly optimize the revenue growth of their lottery customers.   Paul Jason, Public Gaming: How important is the U.S. DOJ memorandum which empowers states to regulate i-gaming and i-distribution of lottery products? Lorne Weil: Scientific Games is a big believer that regulation of gaming is a state-level function. In 2011, state-regulated lotteries in the U.S. generated $18.4 billion in funding for good causes. Click here to continue



Public Gaming Interviews - Lorne Weil, Chief Executive Officer, Scientific Games Corporation 
PGRI Introduction:  The gaming industry, consumer markets, and macro-economic climate have moved out of a period of slow-growth conservatism and into a period of exciting change and high expectations.  The industry needs strong leadership to drive innovation and increase capital investment.  Lorne Weil served as CEO of Scientific Games from 1992 to 2008, during which time revenues grew from just under $50 million to over $1 billion. He returned to the CEO role in late 2010 to guide the company and its customers toward achieving full growth potential.   Mr. Weil talks about the important trends that will drive that growth and how Scientific Games is positioning its business units to create new and exciting player experiences that truly optimize the revenue growth of their lottery customers. 
Paul Jason, Public Gaming: How important is the U.S. DOJ memorandum which empowers states to regulate i-gaming and i-distribution of lottery products? 
Lorne Weil: Scientific Games is a big believer that regulation of gaming is a state-level function. In 2011, state-regulated lotteries in the U.S. generated $18.4 billion in funding for good causes. Future revenue will be seriously eroded if legal internet gaming is not regulated and taxed by the states. State lottery contributions are in jeopardy if lotteries are forced to compete with federal internet gaming providers, but are prohibited from offering their own games for sale on the internet. After talking to our lottery customers, we anticipate that some will be first to move to sell new games through new channels to their players. Some will offer an expanded internet experience that engages players with their current games. Others will wait and see what emerges.  Scientific Games most definitely sees the internet as the next significant growth channel for the lottery industry. It engages players in an experiential relationship with the lottery and its games.  As you know, Paul, because we’ve been discussing this for the last few years, we call our solution Sciplay.
The internet has been transformational for other industries.  I evangelize its potential to be the same for our industry.  How would you assess the potential of the internet to contribute to Lotteries' business? 
L. Weil: With 74% of the U.S. population currently having access to or using the internet, a new internet-based sales channel could definitely lead to expanded playership for lottery products by introducing new players to the games and by offering current players new interactive ways to play the lottery from their home computers, laptops, tablets and mobile devices. Certainly, internet sales require examination by each individual state.  But any time there is a new channel to market and promote lottery games to players, it’s a good opportunity to increase sales performance and maximize returns to beneficiary programs.  The internet should not be viewed a separate sales channel in isolation, but as one component of a lottery’s entire sales and marketing mix for all games -- both draw games and instant games. Lotteries must find ways to use the internet to increase, not cannibalize, overall sales. A lottery’s internet platform must be customized so that it works in tandem with the existing brick and mortar retail network. Integration with traditional products and retail networks must be a crucial component of a lottery’s internet channel strategy.
As for potential, since our PropertiesPlus™ program launched with the Tennessee Lottery in February this year, the results have been phenomenal. This program is clear indication of the value that can be realized when traditional products are integrated with an internet strategy.  The Lottery’s board of directors and Rebecca Hargrove, the Lottery’s President & CEO, are incredibly engaged and excited about this new lottery initiative.
The Tennessee Lottery just had a phenomenal, record month in February. Total sales were up 16% over last February with the launch of our PropertiesPlus™ program for internet-based player engagement and rewards. This is solid proof that engaging players in a new way using the internet can build playership and increase sales.
How is Scientific Games positioning itself to help customers/i.e. lottery operators, optimize performance going forward, and to integrate the internet into their channel mix for optimal impact, etc?
L. Weil: It's not how we are positioning, but how we have already positioned ourselves over the last decade or so, because we have been anticipating that this day would come. Since 2001, Scientific Games has developed a strong leadership position helping our lottery customers outside the U.S. with internet sales, then taken this knowledge into the U.S. and created meaningful internet programs for our lotteries here. We have developed a portfolio of assets and internal company expertise through the strategic acquisitions of leading content firms GameLogic and Barcrest, and our creation of Sciplay continues to be our focus. Very important to the unique internet gaming position we have here in the U.S. is our launch of almost 400 micro sites in 35 U.S. states, along with our successful players club and loyalty rewards programs that have enhanced both player engagement and retail participation.  Sciplay brings the technologies and expertise together and integrates an internet program for U.S. lotteries.
I have found myself making a distinction between “i-gaming" and “i-distribution” of traditional games.  But I have not seen that others are making any such distinction.  Do you feel that there is a relevant distinction to be made between i-gaming, which would include all forms of internet wagering games like i-poker, casino-style games and actually any i-games other than traditional lottery games, and i-distribution of traditional games, which would include all the varieties of second-chance draws, Instants, and jackpot games and what I would like to think is a whole new portfolio of i-distribution strategies and traditional lottery games customized for lottery distribution?
 L. Weil: For us, the distinction is actually between iLottery and iGaming because the internet is generally not purely a distribution channel for any consumer product. The internet will always deliver a unique, personal, interactive experience. It can also help build playership by establishing a “community” for players through players clubs and loyalty reward programs, and of course, social media. iLottery – which is the sale of draw, including subscriptions, and electronic instant games – offers a very different player experience than iGaming – which is bingo, poker and other casino-style games. There is a big difference between buying an instant or draw game to play on the internet (iLottery) versus engaging in a casino-style game play experience on the internet (iGaming). The internet will be able to offer an expanded play experience that engages a lottery’s players with current games, and it will also offer new channels (through computers and laptops, tablets, mobile devices) for the lottery to sell new interactive games to their players. 
I have been quite outspoken, though, with the notion that this U.S. DOJ position statement is a window of time that will close at some point. This U.S. DOJ opinion is fungible and can be overturned in Congress, or by the DOJ itself under guidance of the next administration.  In fact, Big Casino is spending tens of millions of dollars to affect just that result and, given enough time, will almost certainly succeed.  Do you agree with those suppositions and/or how would you clarify or better explain the current position of state governments and their lotteries and what they should do about it? 
L. Weil: The government entity that regulates gaming is a local issue. Scientific Games has always been a believer that states need to make this decision. Scientific Games supports all lottery advocacy groups and we are working with NASPL to support its efforts in this area. U.S. lotteries should proceed carefully but expediently to interpret the DOJ’s recent opinion as it applies to other federal laws as well as their own existing state laws. Because U.S. lotteries work diligently to deliver revenue performance to the state governments they serve, naturally they must view the internet as a very important growth opportunity – based on what’s happening in other areas of the world, internet sales initiatives have generated significant growth for lotteries.
Tell us about Sciplay and Scientific Games' strategies to support the efforts of U.S. lotteries to leverage the internet for optimizing the gaming experience and integrate the internet into the channel mix. 
 L. Weil: Well, I’ll begin by sharing some research we’ve done that may surprise you …77% of lottery players have access to or use the internet – that’s actually more than the general population. And 73% of lottery players are age 35 or older – so we’re definitely not talking about creating a new channel that reaches the “younger demographic” – we’re talking about adding a sales and distribution channel that will reach a lottery’s existing, loyal player base and grow playership as well as attract new players to the games. Again, the internet must be integrated into the lottery’s overall strategy; it cannot stand alone, but must work in tandem with existing products and retail networks.
One of our key areas of focus has always been to customize offerings to meet the dynamics of each individual lottery jurisdiction, and we approach internet and Sciplay in the same way. Working with our U.S. lottery customers, we have already implemented successful loyalty rewards programs to help optimize the play experience and build playership. Loyalty rewards programs foster a more social or emotional relationship with players – so the internet becomes much more than simply an additional channel for sales transactions. Once this relationship is established, it’s all about continuing to engage players and build loyalty with Points for Prizes®, 2nd Chance drawings and other promotions. The opportunity to integrate these promotions with existing lottery retailers to drive traffic to brick and mortar locations is virtually unlimited. When a lottery begins using the internet to sell products within its state, responsible gaming will be of the utmost importance. And because we have been anticipating this, Scientific Games has expertise in place that will enable lotteries to launch an internet sales channel with age verification, geolocation, self-exclusion and fraud prevention technologies that regulate purchases through a secure Sciplay platform. As lotteries explore the possibility of offering their players electronic versions of instant scratch games, Scientific Games can provide our customers the proven expertise of a content creation team that’s designed and programmed many of the best-selling traditional scratch games in the U.S.
The Association of Convenience Stores (NACS) posted a statement proclaiming the negative impact that i-distribution would have on land-based retail sales.  The records of lotteries that have been distributing over the internet for years shows clearly that is not the case.  How can we convince our retail channel partners to embrace the tremendous opportunity this represents for them to drive new consumer groups into their stores and affect all manner of new outreach that will benefit everyone including retailers?  Any thoughts on what SG/MDI is doing in particular to make that happen?
L. Weil: Lotteries, like other businesses, make sales through marketing and distribution channels. The most successful lotteries in the world – indeed the most successful businesses in the world – watch what their customers are doing, help shape behaviors and ultimately adapt to the consumer’s choice.   Today, consumers are choosing the internet in addition to traditional retail operations to make their purchases.  Virtually every consumer industry understands that both their existing customers and future customers are using the internet for news, information, shopping, entertainment and staying connected – so it has now become mandatory to build internet-based sales channels or risk obsolescence. By no means does selling lottery products on the internet require or result in shutting the store and moving exclusively to the internet.  Indeed, successful businesses, including pioneering lotteries, have found that effective integration of the internet into the channel mix can increase, not cannibalize, a lottery’s overall sales. In fact, it can be used to drive traffic back to brick and mortar retailers.  Experiences from international jurisdictions that have pursued comprehensive internet-based sales have seen a corresponding growth in brick and mortar retail sales.  Simply put, distribution over the internet can expand the opportunity for all stakeholders.  This is an important approach that needs to be shared with the retail partners. Success happens through partnership and collaboration.
An important driver for a successful internet sales initiative is providing a wide range of methods for a consumer to fund the activity.  In the world of iTunes®, a very successful example, consumers can deposit funds into their account through numerous online sources (e.g. credit card, debit card, bank account transfer, etc.)  A consumer can also deposit funds by purchasing a prepaid card distributed through an extensive network of retail outlets.  The same would be true for a lottery internet sales program.  Players could deposit funds through traditional internet means.  But, they could also do so through a visit to any lottery retail outlet.  This connection is critical to making the internet and retail channels two parts of the same consumer connection. Promotions designed to drive sales growth will also target play at traditional retailers.  For example, last year, Zynga® – the world’s most successful social gaming website with over 240 million monthly active users – ran a promotion in conjunction with 7-Eleven®.  Slurpee® cups contained web-codes that awarded free bonuses in the popular Zynga game, Farmville.  Consumer traffic to 7-Eleven peaked as Farmville players took advantage of this promotion.  Lotteries selling games on the internet will offer continued promotions that tie-in their retailers as a natural means to drive overall sales.  It just makes sense.  And, the traditional retail base will benefit. The connection to retail and launching marketing programs that bring players to the internet and back to retail are important elements of Sciplay.
Selling Powerball and other draw games over the internet would seem to be a no-brainer - certainly a great way for lotteries to get started on the internet.  But how about instant scratch games and other game concepts?  I would think the instants category offers a fertile ground for innovating to create new and engaging games. 
L. Weil: As they explore the possibility of internet programs, lotteries must make decisions that don’t limit their options. Maintaining flexibility for access to the best electronic instant game content is really important. This is an area where Canadian lotteries are making some strong decisions today to make sure they always have access to the best content portfolio and are not limited exclusively to the firm that delivers the infrastructure solution for selling internet iLottery games.
A West Virginia legislator appears to be trying to stanch the growth of VLT's there in WV?  It concerns me that Big Casino is turning more and more big guns towards steering states away from i-gaming and now it seems they are attacking the VLT and distributed venue model? 
L. Weil: While we remain supportive of the West Virginia Lottery and the West Virginia legislative team, licensing and enforcement is not within the scope of Scientific Games’ relationships in West Virginia or any of the other 13 VLT jurisdictions in the U.S. What I can share is that the West Virginia Lottery manages nearly 9,000 VLTs in over 1,700 bars and taverns, and five racinos with nearly 10,000 VLTs – including the state’s largest racino with over 5,000 VLTs. Our AEGIS-Video™ System has been in operation there for over five years and utilizes a variety of gaming industry protocols which seamlessly interface with every licensed VLT manufacturer. From the robust security of the games, to financial accounting that balances to the penny, our system has been very successful in this and other VLT jurisdictions.
Congrats on the award of the Illinois central server contract which is huge and represents the real heart of a distributed-venue system. 
L. Weil: We are very excited about Illinois – it’s a big win. Illinois could grow to be the largest video gaming network in the country with the potential for up to 60,000 terminals. Our sixth generation AEGIS-Video Central Communication System will be implemented and managed by experienced Scientific Games staff from an operational center in Chicago. The Scientific Games Video Gaming group will provide real-time communication and control between every licensed video gaming terminal in the state of Illinois, as well as day-to-day management of the operation of the system and service throughout the state. This is truly a case of enhancing our product offering to meet a customer’s evolving and expanding needs. Globally, Scientific Games’ Video Gaming group currently manages over 94,000 gaming machines in nearly 9,000 locations.
 You served as CEO of Scientific Games' from 1992 to 2008, during which time revenues grew from less than $50 million to over $1 billion.  You returned to the CEO role in late 2010. What are some of your observations on the lottery and gaming industry since you've been back at the helm, and what do you see in the coming years as growth potential with regard to potential for lotteries? And, how has the global economic crisis changed the market and impacted innovation?
L. Weil: I'm optimistic because we're seeing innovation return on the investment side of the lottery business. For years, the lottery practice was to focus on the cost side of the business at the expense of real growth and return on investment. A look at the reduced combined market capitalization of the major suppliers will confirm the impact of an out-of-balance investment model. More and more, we are being directly engaged by government leaders – especially in the U.S. – to enter into discussions and make recommendations as they look to fully optimize the performance of the lottery as a government asset. With the integration of interactive channels, public-private partnerships, consortiums and focused execution in current channels, innovation will once again fuel growth in our unique industry. More and more, lotteries are beginning to take an entrepreneurial focus – for example, some of the strategic projects that have been initiated by the Pennsylvania Lottery. Overall, I do find it very interesting to see a shift in the conversation over the last 12-18 months to a real focus on generating return on investment and realization that lotteries can provide a significant benefit when they receive adequate investment.
 
 

















  



  







  




  


WORLD LOTTERY WEBSITE LINKS


							WORLD LOTTERY WEBSITE LINKS - Click Here
  


Human Interest


IN MEMORIAM: Barbara "Bobbie" Shaheen...
Mr Green appoints Stefan Gustafsson as acting CEO of technology division 
...
Thousands of gaming jobs seen as Okada resort opens  (PHILIPPINES
...
Ruben Sigala Appointed Chief Marketing Officer of Caesars Entertainment
...



Legal


Judge rejects daily fantasy sports company’s argument that its products are illegal
...
IRS drops proposal to reduce reportable gaming winnings to $600"Today's final IRS regulation is a big win not onl...
The latest filings in the New Jersey sports betting case represent the last steps before the US Supreme Court decides whether to hear the state’s appeal.
...
Nevada AG Backs Bid to Block Online Gambling
...
Judge won't reconsider Seminole gambling ruling
...



Regulator Links


Click here to access links to Gaming Regulators throughout the world

.  


Internet, Mobile


News January 24th, 2017

Tabcorp eyes world domination with new betting...
Trump presidency could spur legalized sports betting
...
Sports Integrity Conference as part of the International Sports Convention 2016Chairman of EL Sport Committee, Torbjørn Almlid, ...
Online Poker Ban Support Remerges with 10 State AGs Signing Letter to Trump and Pence
...
By Macarena Rodicio Interview with PA Rep. George Dunbar sees “greater chance” of sports betting ban removal with Trump president...



Industry


Latest News January 15
Alan Larrick appointed West Virginia lottery dir...
Biggest Global Gaming Issues Of 2016: Millenials, eSports, and DFS Dominated
...
Year in Review Geoff Freeman President & CEO, AGA
...
Yggdrasil partners with LottolandFrom the editor- Lottoland operates legally in Gib...









  







  


Regulatory


Singapore casino at risk of Beijing crackdown over capital flight through potential misuse of UnionPay network...
Clarifications made within Australia’s Interactive Gambling Amendment Bill 2016 passed in November are poised to force dozens of European operators to step away from the Australian market....
Pagcor to close unlicensed online gaming firms 
...
Govt says Malawians should embrace gambling 
...



Casino/Racino


Macau's gaming industry to see better days in 2017 ...
Casino Gambling Law Now In Effect in Japan
...
Casino Gambling Law Now In Effect in Japan
...
Bill Would Legalize Gambling to Pay for SC Roads
...
Casino meeting Wednesday
...
Study: No significant link between casino and crime uptick
...



Political


 O’Brien to create state scholarship program
...
 Push on to expand Lottery online
...
Rep. Youngblood: Pennsylvania Is Already Paying The Price For Senate's Inaction On Online Gambling
...
Gambling To Top Georgia's Legislative Agenda Supporters of legalizing casino gambling...
Arkansas Rep. Fred Love filed Bill which would create the General Assembly Promise Lottery Scholarship Program...
States Push VP-Elect Pence for Online Gambling Ban
...



Worldwide


News February 17, 2017Aric Nesbitt to be new Michigan lottery commission...
Latest News February 14, 2017New Jersey law is the first to authorize and regul...
Latest News February 8, 2017
Hearing set for NH casino bill on Wednesday   
...
January 31, 2017

 New West Virginia Lottery Director Alan Larri...



OPINION


Opinion: State busts in legal showdown with Seminole Tribe
...
Amaya: A Special Situation
...
The Lame Duck Congress Should Not Make Internet Gambling Illegal ...
Cayman Islands’ Sports Minister says national lottery significant
...











  




Public Gaming International Magazine November/December 2016

  


LOTTERY EXPO 2016

  


Corporate


Scientific Games Names Karin-Joyce Tjon Chief Operating Officer and President   Karin-Joyce  (KJ) Tjon.  Tjon will report dire...
William Hill Exits Czech Market Following New Gambling Legislation
...
NOVOMATIC to unfold complete gaming solutions at ICE 2017...
Novomatic says met conditions re Casinos Austria stake
...
 Orderly transition under way at Aristocrat: executives
...



Europe


LATEST NEWS February 9, 10Arjan van ’t Veer is the new Secretary General o...
February 2, 2017 Kentucky Lottery proceeds are helping create a be...
February 1, 2017Svenska Spel - Year-end report January-December 20...
IGT Wins Seven-Year Contract To Provide Video Lottery Terminals, Central System, Site Controllers, Games And Operational Services To Svenska Spel In Sweden...



Financial


Scientific Games Completes Acquisition of DEQ Systems Corp....
 Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Announces Successful Business Combination With Inspired Gaming GroupLorne Weil, Executive Chairman of Inspir...
Novomatic, among the beneficiaries of subsidies from the European Central Bank seeking to boost the economy
...
Canada Stock Worth Mentioning: Innova Gaming Group Inc (IGG) Increases 2.48% On Dec 20
...
Former Amaya CEO David Baazov walks away from bid to buy Montreal gaming company
...



Technology


Apple’s first AI paper focuses on creating ‘superrealistic’ image recognition
...
VR is the future of online gaming 
...
Google releases the top five global searches 2016 - POWERBALL  was #5  Rebecca  Hargrove, second from right, pr...
Amazon unveils ‘self-driving’ convenience store...
DARPA gamification plan to get deep-thinkers, game-changers to collaborate...
Techcrunch Disrupt London - The Emotional Journal ...



Social Media 


NPR Takes Dive Into Facebook's Content Management Process, Says It's 'Set Up To Fail'...
Facebook’s fake news problem and fantasy sports: Listen to TCBC 9 with Jordan Crook...
Wondering how successful branded Facebook Live sessions are? Lowe's is an interesting case study. The...
7 Tips for a Killer Facebook Video Advertising Strategy
...
Social media has revolutionised how we communicate. In this series, we look at how it has changed the media, politics, health, education and the law.
...
Facebook Messenger tops 1 billion users
...
Facebook Is Changing Its News Feed Algorithm to Focus Less on Publishers' Conten...
IGT's DoubleDown Casino Launches The Ellen DeGeneres Show™ Have a Little Fun Today Slots on Desktop and Mobile
...
California Lottery ad  'California Lottery: Forever Five"
...
Zynga Is Now Offering Native Political Gaming Ads for Presidential Campaigns...






Responsible Gaming


GEG hosts 4th “Responsible Gaming Awareness Week”...
Mauritius: Govt to Inculcate a Responsible Gambling Code of Conduct, Says PM...
Kenya: Calls for Responsible Gaming as Sh100 Million Lotto Winner Awaited
...
BCLC Fifth annual New Horizons in Responsible Gambling Conference ...



SMART-TECH 2016 Photos 



  


INDUSTRY DAYS  2016 PHOTOS MARRAKECH/MOROCCO 

INDUSTRY DAYS 
2016 MARRAKECH/MOROCCO 

  





News Sections and Archives

HomePublic Gaming MagazinesJOBSRFP/TENDERSCorporateDaily Fantasy SportsEuropeFinanceHuman InterestInternet / Sports BettingLegalLottery USPoliticalRacino/CasinoRegulatoryResponsible GamingRetailSocial MediaTechnologyWorld LotteryHall of FameLifetime Achievement AwardPGRI TalksContact 











Public Gaming Magazines


Public Gaming September/October 2016

  .Pdf version of the magazine - click here

2016 Public Gaming July/August

2016 Public Gaming May/June




2016 Public Gaming March/April
														

2016 Public Gaming 
														January/February 

  






Public Gaming /Paul Jason - 
pjason@publicgaming.com   
/
Susan Jason - sjason@publicgaming.com  
/Office
Phone - + 425-449-3000
   






Blue
Red
Green



								Template Design © Joomla Templates | GavickPro. All rights reserved.				



