



Goldman banker John Weinberg to retire - Business Insider




































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Top Goldman banker with legendary roots John Weinberg is retiring










Julia La Roche













Jul.  6, 2015,  4:22 PM



7,060




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 








John S.
  Weinberg
Goldman
  Sachs




  Goldman Sachs' banker John S. Weinberg is retiring after 32 years
  at the investment banking giant, according to an internal
  memo. 


  Weinberg had been serving as a vice chairman since 2006. He's now
  going to become a senior director.


"We are very pleased that he will become a senior
  director," Lloyd Blankfein and Gary Cohn wrote in the
  memo.


"John has been an extraordinary leader of our client
  franchise and steward of the Goldman Sachs culture. He is
  passionately committed to our Business Principles, which served
  as the foundation for everything he did on behalf of the firm –
  from serving our clients to leading the Investment Banking
  Division (IBD) and enhancing our culture."


The memo continued: "During his more than three decades at
  the firm, John was responsible for many of our most important
  clients. His work as a trusted advisor has been characterized by
  integrity, transparency, humility and a deep understanding of
  each client’s business. As a result, his advice and counsel have
  been deeply valued by corporate leaders across
  industries." 





Weinberg
  co-headed Goldman's investment bank from 2001 until
  late last year. Back in December, the bank
  selected 
John
  Waldron to replace him. 


Weinberg, 58,
  joined Goldman in 1983 as an associate. He's held a number of
  leadership roles in his tenure. He 
became a partner in 1992.



Weinberg
  also has deep roots at Goldman. He's the son of former Goldman
  Sachs management committee chairman John L.
  Weinberg, 
who
  passed away back in 2006.
 He's also the grandson
  of 
Sidney J. Weinberg, who was CEO of
  Goldman 
from 1930 until
  1969.




The news
  of Weinberg's retirement was first reported
  by 
Bloomberg
  News.



Here's the
  full memo: 


After 32 years of distinguished
  service, John S. Weinberg has decided to retire from the
  firm.


We are very pleased that he
  will become a senior director. John has been an extraordinary
  leader of our client franchise and steward of the Goldman Sachs
  culture. He is passionately committed to our Business Principles,
  which served as the foundation for everything he did on behalf of
  the firm – from serving our clients to leading the Investment
  Banking Division (IBD) and enhancing our culture.


During his more than three
  decades at the firm, John was responsible for many of our most
  important clients. His work as a trusted advisor has been
  characterized by integrity, transparency, humility and a deep
  understanding of each client’s business. As a result, his advice
  and counsel have been deeply valued by corporate leaders across
  industries.


During his 13 years as co-head
  of IBD, John helped to grow and diversify our business across
  regions, industries and products. His leadership, devotion and
  client focus played an invaluable role in contributing to the
  preeminent franchise IBD is today. John has also been deeply
  committed to our people, dedicating significant effort to
  developing and mentoring professionals across divisions and
  regions.


Through his commitment, John
  has helped develop many of our leaders who today drive client
  service, innovation and execution. John began his career at the
  firm in 1983 as an associate in Corporate Finance, later working
  in Mortgage Finance. He served as co-head of Investment Banking
  in the Americas, and from 1997 to 2001 he was co-head of
  Investment Banking Services.


John was later named co-head of
  the Investment Banking Division. He was named vice chairman of
  the firm in 2006. In 2014, we asked John to focus on client
  development and initiatives across our major divisions. John is a
  member of the Mana 


Those who know John well know
  that his family is at the very center of his life. Please join us
  in expressing our profound gratitude for John’s extraordinary
  leadership of and service to Goldman Sachs and in wishing him,
  his wife Amy and his family the very best for the future. We look
  forward to continuing to benefit from his advice and
  counsel.


Lloyd C. Blankfein Gary D.
  Cohn

Get the latest Goldman Sachs stock price here.

NOW WATCH: 11 facts that show how different China is from the rest of the world








            More:

                                                        Wall Street
Goldman Sachs
Bankers
Promotion
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Top Goldman banker with legendary roots John Weinberg is retiring
Top Goldman banker with legendary roots John Weinberg is retiring

Goldman Sachs' banker John S. Weinberg is...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 















































John S. Weinberg | Ford Media Center




























Close
Media Log In



Check Back Soon.
Sorry, your request for access is still pending. Check back soon.


Try Again.
Sorry, your email address or password is incorrect. Please try again.

Email

Password

Forgot password?


Why Register?
You will be able to access:

Content tailored to your personal preferences
Favorite content saved within your briefcase
Media advisories, newsletters, and email alerts
PR contact information





Log In


Register Now











Close
Welcome
Registration














Email

*
















Password

*





Your passwords must be 8 characters in length and contain at least one uppercase letter and one number.








Retype Your Password

*


















First Name

*













Last Name

 *














Address

 *













Country

 *



Select a Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe









Zip Code

 *















Job Title

*













Company/Affiliation

*














City

 *













State/Province

* 



Select a State














Primary Focus

* 



Select best answer
Broadcast/TV
Blog/Social
Ford Team Member
Print/Wire Service
Web
Other











Comments




















 

 




Agree





By checking this box, for the purposes of obtaining access to the www.media.ford.com or the www.media.lincoln.com website, I agree to the privacy statement and voluntarily give consent to have my personally identifiable information collected, processed, and stored in Ford Motor Company's databases located in Michigan, USA and to global transfers of this information within Ford and its affiliates, and their service providers. 








 
 








Contact media@ford.com for assistance.























Thank you for your interest in The Ford Motor Company Media Center.  We will do our best to process your information quickly.











Close
Forgot Password

Enter your email below and we'll send a link to help you access your account.

Try Again.
Sorry, your email address is not recognized.

Email




Send



An email has been sent.
Instructions on how to reset your password have been sent to the email you entered.







Close
Subscribe to RSS Feeds




Region

{{#each regions}}{{name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}






All Releases

Highlights
Features
Corporate Citizenship
History
Manufacturing
Marketing & Customer Service
Motorsports
People
Product
Safety & Technology
Sales & Financial Results
Sustainability










Close
Preview






Images, video and audio from this Web site are provided without login for the purpose of editorial use only.
You must contact media@ford.com to obtain approval for advertising, marketing or other commercial uses.


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected briefcase items?


Are you sure that you want to delete the selected slideshows?






Close
Search




Region

{{#each regions}}{{ name}}{{/each}}



Back {{name}}




{{#each countries}}{{name}}{{/each}}





Back {{name}}

{{#each languages}}{{name}}{{/each}}





From



Invalid Date




To



Invalid Date





		        	Sort By | Date






	              				Sort By Date



	              					Sort By Relevance




 
Clear



Start typing to search...
Please hit Enter or Start typing to apply the changes...










Photo
Video
All





Global
Regional
Local












0 / 0
Loading...










Close
Downloads



Documents


PDF

John S. Weinberg



Images



375 x 563 (72 dpi, 49.2 kB)

John Weinburg

 






Go Further
The Ford Motor CompanyMediaCenter



Log In

 us | en
Contacts
RSS







Search









Downloads





Sep 8, 2016
John S. Weinberg
Member, Board of Directors, Ford Motor Company
John Weinberg was elected to the board of directors of Ford Motor Company, effective 
 Oct. 1, 2016. He serves on the Nominating and Governance, Sustainability and Innovation, and Finance Committees.
Most recently Weinberg served as vice chairman of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. from June 2006 until October 2015.
Having joined Goldman Sachs in 1983 as an associate, he was made partner in 1992. He spent the majority of his career in the banking division, most recently as a head of global investment banking. In this capacity, he also served as an advisor to clients including Ford, General Electric and Boeing. He also led the Goldman Sachs team on the initial public offerings for Visa and Under Armour.
He currently serves as a board member of New York-Presbyterian Hospital and Middlebury College, and as a member of the advisory committee of The Steppingstone Foundation. He previously served on the board of Greenwich Country Day School and on the visiting committee for Harvard Business School.
Weinberg received a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University in 1979 and Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School 1983.













Close
Select a Location

Current Location United States | English


Region



Country








Language


















 




John Weinberg, Ex-Goldman Executive, Takes a Top Post at Evercore - The New York Times

































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|John Weinberg, Ex-Goldman Executive, Takes a Top Post at Evercore







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2eEhKB5








Advertisement













 



Supported by




John Weinberg, Ex-Goldman Executive, Takes a Top Post at Evercore

By MICHAEL J. de la MERCEDNOV. 16, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









Until last year, John S. Weinberg was a top corporate adviser at Goldman Sachs, a high-powered executive at the firm where his family built a banking dynasty.Now, he is moving to a newer Wall Street firm, taking one of its most senior posts.The investment bank Evercore Partners said on Wednesday that it had hired Mr. Weinberg as its executive chairman and chairman of its board. Roger C. Altman, a co-founder of the firm and its current executive chairman, will take the new role of senior chairman, while Ralph L. Schlosstein will remain chief executive.“I am excited because this is an organization that has done an extraordinary job of focusing on clients,” Mr. Weinberg said in a telephone interview.Mr. Altman added: “We take a very long-term point of view with clients. I don’t know a single banker over my years who better epitomizes that ethos — who isn’t at Evercore — than John.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Weinberg’s hiring is one of the most prominent by the 21-year-old firm. The Weinberg name has long been closely tied to Goldman Sachs, ever since Sidney J. Weinberg rose from a spittoon cleaner at the firm in the early 1900s to the chief executive who made the bank one of the most powerful on Wall Street, leading the initial public offerings of Sears and Ford Motor. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Weinbergs have been at Goldman ever since, including John S. Weinberg’s late father, John L. Weinberg, and late uncle Sidney Weinberg Jr.Still, members of the family have gone to work elsewhere in the financial world. One of Mr. Weinberg’s cousins, Peter A. Weinberg, previously served as Goldman’s head of Europe — and subsequently helped found the boutique investment bank Perella Weinberg Partners.John S. Weinberg spent 32 years at Goldman, becoming a partner in 1992, eventually becoming a co-head of its investment bank and, finally, a vice chairman of the firm. During his tenure, he advised the likes of Ford, where he is a director; General Electric; and Visa.Now he’s joining Evercore, which has become one of the most prominent independent investment banks, dispensing advice but forgoing the lending and trading operations of traditional firms like Goldman or JPMorgan Chase. Still, over the years Evercore has grown to 28 offices across the globe, with research and wealth management arms in addition to its core advisory operations.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




The firm ranks 10th among merger advisers so far this year, having worked on 144 deals worth $254 billion, according to Thomson Reuters. Among the transactions it helped with are Qualcomm’s $39 billion takeover of fellow chip maker NXP Semiconductor and Samsung’s $8 billion acquisition of the audio company Harman International.And it has been one of the best-performing independent investment banks, its stock having risen 19 percent this year. Evercore shares closed on Tuesday at $64.35, valuing the firm at nearly $3 billion.Evercore had long been led by Mr. Altman, a veteran deal maker at Lehman Brothers who has also been immersed in Democratic politics, including as deputy Treasury secretary in the Clinton administration. He co-founded the firm in 1995 after leaving Washington.Evercore’s leadership began to change seven years ago, when Mr. Altman brought in Mr. Schlosstein, a veteran financier and co-founder of the asset management giant BlackRock, as chief executive. Still, Mr. Altman has remained involved in many of the firm’s biggest transactions.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Weinberg said in the interview that when he retired from Goldman last summer at the age of 58, he had no intention of decamping to a rival and instead wanted to evaluate his career options.“I wanted to go back to work, but I only wanted to go back to work at an organization that had the values and principles that I could really get behind,” he said.One of the earliest and most persistent sets of suitors were Mr. Altman and Mr. Schlosstein, who pitched him on Evercore as a corporate adviser with a deep focus on client relationships.“When we had the opportunity to speak with him and attract him to the firm, it was literally a no-brainer,” Mr. Schlosstein said.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage









BREAKINGVIEWS 

AT&T’s Bid for Time Warner Could Bolster Boutique Advisers
OCT. 27, 2016













Centerview Benefits From Wall St.’s Pivot to Smaller Banks
JAN. 5, 2016
























Related Coverage






BREAKINGVIEWS 

AT&T’s Bid for Time Warner Could Bolster Boutique Advisers
OCT. 27, 2016













Centerview Benefits From Wall St.’s Pivot to Smaller Banks
JAN. 5, 2016















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times





























John L. Weinberg - Wikipedia






















 






John L. Weinberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


John L Weinberg, former management committee chairman of Goldman Sachs (who this article is on and who is now deceased) is not to be confused with John S Weinberg, his son and Vice-Chairman of Goldman Sachs since June 2006.



John L. Weinberg





Born
John Livingston Weinberg
(1925-01-25)January 25, 1925
Scarsdale, New York


Died
August 7, 2006(2006-08-07) (aged 81)
Greenwich, Connecticut


Nationality
United States


Alma mater
Deerfield Academy, Princeton University, Harvard Business School


Occupation
Investment banker


Employer
Goldman Sachs


Spouse(s)
Sue Ann Gotshal (m. 1952)


Children
2[1]


Parent(s)
Sidney J. Weinberg (Senior partner, Goldman Sachs, 1930-69)


John Livingston Weinberg (January 25, 1925 – August 7, 2006) was an American banker and businessperson, running Goldman Sachs from 1976 to 1990.
Biography[edit]
Weinberg was the son of Sidney Weinberg, a banker at Goldman Sachs, and was born and grew up in the Westchester County suburb of Scarsdale. He was educated at Deerfield Academy, Princeton University, and Harvard Business School. He had served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Marines in World War II and was recalled for the Korean War.
He joined Goldman Sachs in 1950 and rose to become a senior investment banker and chairman of the management committee, running the firm from 1976 to 1990.[2] At Goldman, he resisted taking the firm public, and during his tenure, Goldman refused to work on hostile takeovers.
He was a director of the Seagram drinks group, newspaper publisher Knight-Ridder, and the chemical firm Du Pont. He was a trustee of Princeton and New York-Presbyterian Hospital. He endowed the Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware.
He hired a man to keep his name and his firm's out of the press, and kept him off the full-time payroll (though he sat full-time at a desk in head office) so that if, improbably, a comment did slip out, it could be honestly dismissed as not coming from a Goldman Sachs employee.[citation needed]
He died of complications following a fall at the age of 81. He and his wife Sue Ann Gotshal, daughter of Sylvan Gotshal (1897–1968),[3] lived in Greenwich, Connecticut and had three children and five grandchildren.
References[edit]



^ "John L. Weinberg". nndb.com. Retrieved 2015-04-08. 
^ http://www.latimes.com/news/obituaries/la-me-passings10.1aug10,1,6835515.story?coll=la-news-obituaries
^ Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders, Volume 4, p. 1584, at Google Books





Business positions


Preceded by
John C. Whitehead
Chairman and CEO, Goldman Sachs
1976–1990
Succeeded by
Robert Rubin






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_L._Weinberg&oldid=785056655"					
Categories: 1925 births2006 deathsAmerican corporate directorsAmerican investment bankersAmerican JewsAmerican Marine Corps personnel of the Korean WarAmerican Marine Corps personnel of World War IIBusinesspeople from New YorkChairmen of Goldman SachsChief Executive Officers of Goldman SachsDeerfield Academy alumniHarvard Business School alumniPeople from Scarsdale, New YorkPrinceton University alumniPrinceton University peopleUnited States MarinesHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 June 2017, at 11:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 





























 



 John S. Weinberg to Join Evercore as Executive Chairman 

         










    










 













 











 



















John S. Weinberg to Join Evercore as Executive Chairman
        																											
																																																						
																												
																								
																											
																																																					
	

		 English
	 


  Latin America  - español



















 News provided by
Evercore  
Nov 16, 2016, 00:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 
Evercore (NYSE:    EVR) announced today that John S. Weinberg has joined Evercore as Chairman of the Board and Executive Chairman.  He joins a senior management team that now includes Roger Altman, who will become Founder and Senior Chairman, and Ralph Schlosstein, President and Chief Executive Officer.  Both Mr. Altman and Mr. Schlosstein will remain on the Board of Directors.  








Mr. Weinberg most recently was Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs Group from June 2006 to October 2015.  John was Co-Head of Global Investment Banking from 2002 to 2014.  Before that he was Co-Head of Investment Banking in the Americas.  At Goldman Sachs, Mr. Weinberg provided strategic and financial advice to a number of leading companies, including Ford, General Electric, and Boeing, and he advised on the IPOs of Visa and Under Armour.  Mr. Weinberg joined Goldman Sachs in 1983 and was promoted to Partner in 1992.  
Roger Altman, Evercore's Founder and Senior Chairman said, "This is a profound step forward for Evercore. There is no advisor more respected by clients around the world than John Weinberg.  He epitomizes the values of quality, integrity and excellence which are the heart of our firm.  I look forward to working closely with John‎, as we continue to build Evercore towards becoming the one, truly elite global advisory firm."
Ralph Schlosstein, Evercore's President and Chief Executive Officer said, "We are excited to have John join Evercore as Chairman of the Board and a member of our senior leadership team.  John has a well-deserved reputation among clients and industry leaders as an extraordinarily talented and highly principled advisor and leader.  His deep experience as a long-time leader of a premier financial institution will strengthen and deepen our senior leadership team as we continue to pursue our goal of becoming the most elite global independent investment banking advisory firm in the world.  I sincerely look forward to having him as our partner in leading the firm."
Mr. Weinberg commented, "I am excited to join the senior leadership team of Evercore.  I also look forward to working closely with the many people of this outstanding organization.  Their reputation for excellence and intense focus on their clients' interests make it a privilege for me to do so." 
Mr. Weinberg received a BA from Princeton University in 1979 and an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1983.  He currently serves as a board member of Ford Motor Company, New York-Presbyterian Hospital, and Middlebury College, and he serves on the Investment Committee of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.  He previously served on the visiting committee for Harvard Business School.
About EvercoreEstablished in 1995, Evercore is a leading global independent investment banking advisory firm. Evercore advises a diverse set of investment banking clients on a wide range of transactions and issues and provides institutional investors with high quality equity research, sales and trading execution that is free of the conflicts created by proprietary activities. The Firm also offers investment management services to high net worth and institutional investors. With 27 offices and affiliate offices in North America, Europe, South America and Asia, Evercore has the scale and strength to serve clients globally through a focused and tailored approach designed to meet their unique needs.  More information about Evercore can be found on the Company's website at www.evercore.com.




 Investor Contact:   
 Robert B. Walsh   



 Chief Financial Officer, Evercore  



 +1.212.857.3100  






 Media Contact:     
 Dana Gorman   



 The Abernathy MacGregor Group, for Evercore  



 +1.212.371.5999 




Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150517/216568LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/john-s-weinberg-to-join-evercore-as-executive-chairman-300363772.html
SOURCE Evercore
 Related Links

http://www.evercore.com



 

















Nov 16, 2016, 06:13 ET
Preview: John S. Weinberg se sumará a Evercore como Presidente Ejecutivo




















Oct 13, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Evercore to Announce Third Quarter and Nine Months 2016 Financial Results and Host Conference Call on October 26, 2016








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 18, 2017, 16:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Evercore to Announce Second Quarter and First Half 2017 Financial...








 











Jul 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Evercore Wealth Management Appoints Debora Carswell as Managing...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
John S. Weinberg to Join Evercore as Executive Chairman


 News provided by
Evercore  
Nov 16, 2016, 00:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











JOHN L. WEINBERG - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















JOHN L. WEINBERG
Former Board Member at Yum! Brands, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you JOHN L. WEINBERG? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view JOHN L. WEINBERG's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in JOHN L. WEINBERG's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in JOHN L. WEINBERG's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with JOHN L. WEINBERG through your network of contacts.
												








JOHN L. WEINBERG's Executive Work History


Past
To view JOHN L. WEINBERG's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
92

 


JOHN L. WEINBERG's Biography



Senior Advisory Director of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., an investment banking
           firm, since April 2001; Director of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. from 1999 to
           2001; Senior Chairman and Limited Partner of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1990 to
           1999; Senior Partner and Chairman of the Management Committee of The Goldman
           Sachs Group, L.P. and its principal affiliate, Goldman, Sachs & Co. until 1990;
           Investment banker with Goldman, Sachs & Co. since 1950. Director of Providian
           Financial Corporation and Tricon Global Restaurants. Member of The Business
           Council. B.A., Princeto ...
(Read More)

			Senior Advisory Director of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., an investment banking
           firm, since April 2001; Director of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. from 1999 to
           2001; Senior Chairman and Limited Partner of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1990 to
           1999; Senior Partner and Chairman of the Management Committee of The Goldman
           Sachs Group, L.P. and its principal affiliate, Goldman, Sachs & Co. until 1990;
           Investment banker with Goldman, Sachs & Co. since 1950. Director of Providian
           Financial Corporation and Tricon Global Restaurants. Member of The Business
           Council. B.A., Princeton University; M.B.A., Harvard University.

		
Source: Knight-Ridder, Inc. on 03/22/2002
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view JOHN L. WEINBERG's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like JOHN L. WEINBERG. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in JOHN L. WEINBERG's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in JOHN L. WEINBERG's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with JOHN L. WEINBERG through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: JOHN L. WEINBERG


















JOHN L. WEINBERG's Connections (39)





Sign up now to view JOHN L. WEINBERG's 39 connections »









James I. Cash
Lead Independent Director, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









Leonard D. Schaeffer
Board Member, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.









Aylwin B. Lewis
Chairman of the Board, Potbelly Corporation









David J. Deno
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Bloomin' Brands, Inc.









David C. Novak
Board Member, Comcast









James Dimon
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, JPMorgan Chase & Co.









Sandra S. Wijnberg
Former Board Member, Johnson Controls International plc









Gonzalo F. Valdes-Fauli
Former Board Member, Gildan









John E. Warnock
Board Member, Adobe









Kathleen F. Feldstein
Former Board Member, The McClatchy Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 




John Weinberg, Scion of Goldman, Is Retiring - The New York Times






















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|John Weinberg, Scion of Goldman, Is Retiring







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1LOF4Ex








Advertisement













 



Supported by




John Weinberg, Scion of Goldman, Is Retiring

By NATHANIEL POPPERJULY 6, 2015



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









John S. Weinberg, a banker whose father and grandfather led Goldman Sachs for decades, is retiring after his own 32-year career at the firm.


            The Weinberg Family Dynasty        

            The Weinberg family has played a central role at Goldman Sachs since 1907.        



 



Mr. Weinberg, the co-head of Goldman’s investment bank division until last year, is descended from Sidney Weinberg, who led Goldman in the middle of the last century, and John L. Weinberg, who led Goldman in the 1970s and 1980s.Mr. Weinberg, 58, joined Goldman as an associate in 1983 and rose up the ranks, becoming a partner in 1992 and finishing as vice chairman. Unlike his father and grandfather, who helped formulate the bank’s strategy, Mr. Weinberg was known for his focus on advising large corporate clients.“During his more than three decades at the firm, John was responsible for many of our most important clients,” Goldman’s chief executive, Lloyd C. Blankfein, and president, Gary D. Cohn, wrote in a note to employees on Monday. “His work as a trusted adviser has been characterized by integrity, transparency, humility and a deep understanding of each client’s business.”
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























