

























Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Buys 54,163 Shares of Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Dover Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Dover Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) Position Cut by PhiloSmith Capital Corp
Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Has $216,000 Stake in Rayonier Inc. (NYSE:RYN)
Iowa State Bank Maintains Stake in Otter Tail Corporation (OTTR)
Paloma Partners Management Co Sells 6,442 Shares of ITT Inc. (NYSE:ITT)
13,747 Shares in Progressive Corporation (The) (NYSE:PGR) Acquired by Two Sigma Securities LLC
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX)
Nomura Holdings Inc. Sells 76,726 Shares of Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI)
Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX) Shares Bought by Shelton Capital Management
Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Shares Bought by Bares Capital Management Inc.
Bank of America Corp DE Sells 21,544 Shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (NYSE:MJN)
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Position Decreased by Nomura Holdings Inc.
Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) Stake Raised by Bank of America Corp DE
Trex Company, Inc. (TREX) Position Cut by Invictus RG
Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Buys 54,163 Shares of Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV)
Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Takes Position in Retrophin, Inc. (NASDAQ:RTRX)
Level Four Advisory Services LLC Sells 3,477 Shares of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG)
Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) Stake Lowered by Renaissance Technologies LLC
Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX) Position Raised by State Street Corp
ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG) Position Cut by Sii Investments Inc. WI
20,000 Shares in PACCAR Inc. (NASDAQ:PCAR) Acquired by TVR Capital Management LP


 


Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Buys 54,163 Shares of Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC boosted its position in Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) by 1,417.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 57,984 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 54,163 shares during the period. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC’s holdings in Dover Corporation were worth $4,659,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. First Bank & Trust raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 15.5% in the first quarter. First Bank & Trust now owns 1,326 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 178 shares during the last quarter. Ledyard National Bank raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 421.1% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,485 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,978 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 172 shares during the last quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 16.8% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 2,114 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $170,000 after buying an additional 304 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA bought a new position in shares of Dover Corporation during the first quarter valued at $200,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.62% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) traded down 0.36% on Friday, reaching $82.87. 1,185,977 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Dover Corporation has a 52 week low of $65.50 and a 52 week high of $85.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.72 and a beta of 1.27. The company’s 50-day moving average is $82.08 and its 200-day moving average is $80.17. 


 Get Dover Corporation alerts:



Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The industrial products company reported $1.04 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.01 by $0.03. Dover Corporation had a return on equity of 13.56% and a net margin of 8.61%. The company had revenue of $1.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.94 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.76 earnings per share. Dover Corporation’s revenue was up 18.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Dover Corporation will post $4.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/weiss-multi-strategy-advisers-llc-has-4-66-million-position-in-dover-corporation-dov-updated-updated.html. 
Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc. increased their price target on shares of Dover Corporation from $88.00 to $90.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of Dover Corporation from $88.00 to $91.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Dover Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $95.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, July 18th. BidaskClub raised shares of Dover Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $90.00 price objective (up previously from $89.00) on shares of Dover Corporation in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $87.73.
In other Dover Corporation news, Director Michael B. Stubbs sold 40,000 shares of Dover Corporation stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.22, for a total value of $3,328,800.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 275,344 shares in the company, valued at $22,914,127.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP William Spurgeon sold 7,864 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $81.25, for a total value of $638,950.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 39,155 shares in the company, valued at $3,181,343.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 63,502 shares of company stock worth $5,216,444 in the last 90 days. 2.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Dover Corporation Company Profile
Dover Corporation is a diversified global manufacturer delivering equipment and components, specialty systems, consumable supplies, software and digital solutions and support services. The Company’s segments include Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The Company’s Energy segment is a provider of solutions and services for production and processing of fuels around the world. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Dover Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dover Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC Launches its First Liquid Alternative Fund 
         










    










 






 











 









Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC Launches its First Liquid Alternative Fund

		  New Fund Seeks to Bring Balanced Risk and Multi-Strategy Benefits to the Retail Investment Market
		

Dec 14, 2015, 09:00 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Dec. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC ("Weiss"), an asset management firm which, with its affiliates, has over 40 years of trusted performance and dedicated client service, today announced a liquid alternative ('40 Act) fund called the Weiss Alternative Balanced Risk Fund ("WEISX"). This new fund combines passive investment with an investment in the actively managed underlying strategies of Weiss' flagship multi-strategy long/short strategy. 
"Today's investors are finding it increasingly challenging to achieve steady and smooth returns and preserve their capital in the current volatile, zero interest rate market," said Jordi Visser, President and Chief Investment Officer at Weiss. "The Weiss Alternative Balanced Risk Fund seeks to mitigate this by offering a liquid alternative investment option that has the potential for lower volatility and low correlation with the return curves of any existing products."
Alternative investment channels have long been considered mysterious and complex, and generally out of reach for the broader investment community. Weiss' combination of a passive investment strategy with an active multi-strategy investment, previously only available to institutions via WEISX's hedge fund counterpart, will now be available for the first time to retail investors. 
Weiss has long held a standard of providing information and best practices to investors and distributors. With the launch of the new fund, Weiss renews this commitment to registered investment advisers, financial advisors and the investment community at large. The firm will continue to discuss trends and challenges, sharing much of this information through articles it publishes on its new website, www.gweiss.com. 
About Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC  
Weiss is a next generation boutique investment management firm which, through its affiliates, has a nearly 40 year history. Over the years, Weiss has developed a reputation for its sound investment solutions, thought-leadership and commitment to philanthropy. Weiss is a firm that places a premium on people - our investors, our employees and our community.
The Weiss mission strives to deliver consistent risk-adjusted returns by combining people with a clear process and sound risk management. Our multi manager approach to investing is adaptable, allowing us to create products designed to perform over multiple market cycles. Our portfolio managers are sector specialists and bring diversity in perspective and expertise. And roughly half of Weiss' employees are dedicated to maintaining the firm's robust operational infrastructure, allowing the firm to offer investors multiple product structures beyond the traditional private fund.
For more information, please visit website, www.gweiss.com. 



Mutual fund investing involves risk. Principal loss is possible. Investments in medium and small capitalization companies have historically been subject to greater investment risk than large company stocks. The prices of medium and small company stocks tend to be more volatile and less liquid than large company stocks. Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. This risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities. Derivatives may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management, and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Leverage may cause the effect of an increase or decrease in the value of the portfolio securities to be magnified and the Fund to be more volatile than if leverage was not used. The Fund will indirectly bear the principal risks and its share of the fees and expenses of any investment company or other pooled investment vehicle, including any ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds), in which the Fund invests. The Fund may invest in foreign securities, which involve greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods; these risks are greater for investments in emerging markets.
 




The fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses must be considered carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information about the investment company, and it may be obtained by calling 1-866-530-2690, or visiting https://www.gweiss.com/Solutions/Mutual-Funds/. Read it carefully before investing.
 




The Weiss Alternative Balanced Risk Fund is distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.

 
 SOURCE  Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.gweiss.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 ﻿






























Rosenbaum Jay D. Has $1,286,000 Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Rockwell Automation Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Rockwell Automation Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Cpcm LLC Sells 639 Shares of Tesla Inc. (TSLA)
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Buys New Position in Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB)
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) Shares Sold by Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Has $1.70 Million Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSK)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $841,000 Position in National General Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:NGHC)
Menta Capital LLC Invests $354,000 in Northrim BanCorp Inc (NASDAQ:NRIM)
Endurant Capital Management LP Has $3.55 Million Stake in Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)
American International Group Inc. Cuts Position in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB)
Swiss National Bank Continues to Hold Stake in MTS Systems Corporation (NASDAQ:MTSC)
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Position Lowered by Edge Wealth Management LLC
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 14,676 Shares of Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR)
American International Group Inc. Sells 3,816 Shares of Magellan Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGLN)
Gotham Asset Management LLC Buys 156,915 Shares of The Michaels Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ:MIK)
Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) Position Held by Pettyjohn Wood & White Inc.
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (AXAS) to Sell
Wagner Bowman Management Corp Has $290,000 Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)
Rosenbaum Jay D. Has $1,286,000 Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)
Arc Logistic Partners LP (NYSE:ARCX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
SOL Capital Management CO Acquires 1,050 Shares of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA)
BMO Capital Markets Raises Atlantic Gold Corp (CVE:AGB) Price Target to C$2.20







Rosenbaum Jay D. Has $1,286,000 Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Rosenbaum Jay D. continued to hold its stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 7,940 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Rockwell Automation makes up  approximately  2.5% of Rosenbaum Jay D.’s portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Rosenbaum Jay D.’s holdings in Rockwell Automation were worth $1,286,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of ROK. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter worth about $104,000.  Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation by 1,700.0% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. now owns 720 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 680 shares in the last quarter.  Appleton Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter worth about $213,000.  Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter worth about $215,000.  Finally, OLD National Bancorp IN bought a new stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter worth about $216,000. Institutional investors own  73.50% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Rockwell Automation Inc. alerts:



Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) traded up 0.08% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $164.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 415,862 shares. Rockwell Automation, Inc. has a 12-month low of $111.52 and a 12-month high of $167.97. The company has a market cap of $21.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.39 and a beta of 1.17. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $162.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $155.21. 





Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.55 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.40 by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $1.55 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.48 billion. Rockwell Automation had a return on equity of 39.71% and a net margin of 12.88%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 7.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.37 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Rockwell Automation, Inc. will post $6.66 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, September 11th. Investors of record on Monday, August 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.76 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, August 10th. This represents a $3.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.85%. Rockwell Automation’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 50.75%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rosenbaum Jay D. Has $1,286,000 Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/rosenbaum-jay-d-has-1286000-position-in-rockwell-automation-inc-nyserok.html. 
A number of brokerages recently issued reports on ROK. HSBC Holdings plc  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $147.00 price target (up from $134.00) on shares of Rockwell Automation in a research report on Saturday. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $167.00 target price on shares of Rockwell Automation in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. Wolfe Research initiated coverage on Rockwell Automation in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. They set a “peer perform” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Rockwell Automation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $184.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded Rockwell Automation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Rockwell Automation currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $148.53.
In related news, SVP Sujeet Chand sold 9,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $159.72, for a total transaction of $1,517,340.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 46,873 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,486,555.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Kenneth M. Champa sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $159.08, for a total value of $795,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 8,169 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,299,524.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 129,605 shares of company stock worth $20,469,855 in the last 90 days. 1.65% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Rockwell Automation Company Profile
Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK).







Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿




























34,784 Shares in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Acquired by Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Ecolab Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ecolab Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
Vantiv, Inc. (NYSE:VNTV) Lifted to Buy at Guggenheim
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Teladoc, Inc. (NYSE:TDOC) to Sell
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Wacker Neuson SE (ETR:WAC) Given a €30.00 Price Target at Hauck & Aufhaeuser
Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€89.00” Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN)
Peugeot SA (EPA:UG) Given a €18.00 Price Target at UBS AG
Peugeot SA (EPA:UG) PT Set at €18.00 by Macquarie
Peel Hunt Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gocompare.Com Group PLC (LON:GOCO)
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MAM Software Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MAMS) to Hold
Limbach Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:LMB) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Deutsche Telekom AG (FRA:DTE) Given a €16.45 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein
Steven Maddock Buys 41 Shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Stock
Sky Plc (LON:SKY) Insider Jeremy Darroch Sells 1,200,000 Shares
Short Interest in Liberty Global PLC (LBTYK) Increases By 57.9%
Short Interest in Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Drops By 6.3%
Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest
Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Short Interest Up 26.4% in June



 


34,784 Shares in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Acquired by Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC

					Posted by Andrew Steele on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC acquired a new stake in  Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 34,784 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,360,000. 
Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Raymond James Trust N.A. boosted its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 6.4% in the first quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 16,648 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $2,086,000 after buying an additional 1,002 shares during the period.  Northstar Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Ecolab during the first quarter valued at about $418,000.  Fulton Bank N.A. purchased a new stake in shares of  Ecolab during the first quarter valued at about $320,000.  Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 7.6% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 522,078 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $65,437,000 after buying an additional 36,954 shares during the period.  Finally, Capital Investment Services of America Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Ecolab by 0.5% in the first quarter. Capital Investment Services of America Inc. now owns 124,943 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $15,660,000 after buying an additional 597 shares during the period. 75.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Ecolab Inc. alerts:



Ecolab Inc. (ECL) opened at 132.04 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $132.94 and a 200 day moving average price of $126.39. The company has a market cap of $38.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.19 and a beta of 0.98. Ecolab Inc. has a 12 month low of $110.65 and a 12 month high of $134.89. 




Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. Ecolab had a net margin of 9.47% and a return on equity of 18.96%. The business had revenue of $3.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.16 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.77 EPS. Ecolab’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  Ecolab Inc. will post $4.78 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were given a $0.37 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $1.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.12%. Ecolab’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 34.91%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “34,784 Shares in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Acquired by Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC” was  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/25/34784-shares-in-ecolab-inc-ecl-acquired-by-weiss-multi-strategy-advisers-llc.html. 
Several brokerages have recently issued reports on ECL. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $141.00 price objective (up from $133.00) on shares of Ecolab in a report on Friday, June 2nd. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised Ecolab from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $120.00 to $138.00 in a report on Friday, May 26th. Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $135.00 price objective on shares of Ecolab in a report on Monday, May 1st. Nomura raised Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Instinet raised Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Ecolab currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $129.79.
In other Ecolab news, SVP Bruno Lavandier sold 1,000 shares of Ecolab stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $133.52, for a total value of $133,520.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 8,922 shares in the company, valued at $1,191,265.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Stephen M. Taylor sold 23,151 shares of Ecolab stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.06, for a total value of $3,080,472.06. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,916,645.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 44,810 shares of company stock worth $5,897,361 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own  1.49% of the company’s stock. 
Ecolab Company Profile
Ecolab Inc provides water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. The Company’s cleaning and sanitizing programs and products, pest elimination services and equipment maintenance and repair services support customers in the foodservice, food and beverage processing, hospitality, healthcare, government and education, retail, textile care and commercial facilities management sectors in over 170 countries.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL).







Receive News & Ratings for Ecolab Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 

















































Bibey Post | 														




















 



















































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News








Latest Headlines





Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31
test
Granite Construction Incorporated is a heavy civil contractor and construction materials producer in the United States. The company has market cap of $1.89 billion. The Firm operates through three divisions: (more…)




Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%
Hazel Jackson
The stock of Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) hit a new 52-week low and has $1.10 target or 8.00% below today’s $1.20 share price. The 8 months bearish chart indicates high risk for the $158.51 million (more…)


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%
Winifred Garcia
Genesee Valley Trust Company decreased The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) stake by 22.84% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Genesee Valley Trust Company sold 372 shares as The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)’s stock (more…)




Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million
Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week
Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts
Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000
American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week
Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)
Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts
Davidson Investment Advisors Trimmed Its Potlatch Holdings (New) (PCH) Position, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has Lifted By $2.36 Million Its Netflix (NFLX) Stake
Cypress Capital Group Upped By $2.96 Million Its Microsoft (MSFT) Stake, 4 Analysts Are Bullish TopBuild (BLD) Last Week
Df Dent & Co Has Increased Tyler Technologies (TYL) Position; Orasure Technologies (OSUR) Sentiment Is 1.24
Santa Barbara Asset Management Boosted Monsanto Co (MON) Stake By $3.81 Million; Belmond Limited (BEL) Shorts Raised By 7.01%
United Capital Financial Advisers Lowered Its Mainsource Financial Group (MSFG) Holding; Shorts at BEIERSDORF A G (BDRFF) Raised By 1.69%
Chilton Investment Co Has Trimmed Hunt J B Trans Svcs (JBHT) Holding By $430,874; Commscope Holding Company (COMM) Has 1.62 Sentiment
Chilton Investment Co Has Lifted Its Pepsico (PEP) Position, RENAULT SA EUR3.81 (RNSDF) Had 1 Bulls
Vertex One Asset Management Upped Golar Lng Partners LP (GMLP) Holding; Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises (BW) Shorts Up By 1.24%
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Upped Oasis Petroleum  (OAS) Stake, Hyster-yale Materials Handling Has 0.77 Sentiment
Horizon Kinetics Boosted By $2.15 Million Its Royce Micro (RMT) Position; Turtle Creek Asset Management Has Boosted Pra Group (PRAA) Position
Contour Asset Management Cut Computer Sciences (CSC) Position, Abraxas Petroleum (AXAS) Has 1.34 Sentiment
Schneider National (SNDR) Reaches $21.64 After 8.00% Up Move; Haverford Trust Company Has Lifted Its Pfizer (PFE) Position






 





Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact











﻿
































Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Has $1.03 Million Position in Imperva Inc (NYSE:IMPV) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Imperva Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Imperva Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) Given a €169.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts
WashTec AG (WSU) Given a €75.00 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts
Peugeot SA (UG) Given a €23.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts
STMicroelectronics NV (STM) PT Set at €16.00 by S&P Global
AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) Insider Nazneen Rahman Acquires 39 Shares
Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from DZ Bank AG
Petra Diamonds Limited’s (LON:PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Insider Buying: Innovaderma Plc (IDP) Insider Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock
GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
Mitie Group PLC’s (LON:MTO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity
Greencore Group plc (LON:GNC) Given “Buy” Rating at Peel Hunt
Brave Bison Group PLC (BBSN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday
Britvic Plc (LON:BVIC) Given “Buy” Rating at Whitman Howard
Colefax Group Plc (CFX) Upgraded at Peel Hunt
Insider Buying: Centrica PLC (CNA) Insider Purchases £1,983.31 in Stock
Shawbrook Group PLC (SHAW) Insider Sells £265,016.40 in Stock
Tate & Lyle PLC (LON:TATE) Receives Buy Rating from Liberum Capital
United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) Price Target Cut to $31.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.
TrovaGene, Inc. (NASDAQ:TROV) Given a $4.00 Price Target at Maxim Group
Tarena International’s (TEDU) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC




 


Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Has $1.03 Million Position in Imperva Inc (NYSE:IMPV)

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 




Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of  Imperva Inc (NYSE:IMPV) by 127.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 25,000 shares of the software maker’s stock after buying an additional 14,000 shares during the period. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC owned approximately 0.07% of Imperva worth $1,026,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. purchased a new position in  Imperva during the first quarter worth $102,000.  KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new position in  Imperva during the first quarter worth $201,000.  Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new position in  Imperva during the fourth quarter worth $207,000.  US Bancorp DE increased its position in  Imperva by 142.3% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 5,386 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $221,000 after buying an additional 3,163 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Ellington Management Group LLC purchased a new position in  Imperva during the fourth quarter worth $242,000. 92.72% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Imperva Inc alerts:



Shares of Imperva Inc (NYSE:IMPV) traded up 1.97% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $51.80. The stock had a trading volume of 326,094 shares. Imperva Inc has a 52-week low of $34.40 and a 52-week high of $57.24. The firm’s market cap is $1.73 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $49.16 and its 200 day moving average is $43.54. 




Imperva (NYSE:IMPV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The software maker reported ($0.29) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.62) by $0.33. The business had revenue of $72.31 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $68.16 million. Imperva had a return on equity of 36.67% and a net margin of 31.92%. The business’s revenue was up 21.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.25) earnings per share.  On average, analysts expect that  Imperva Inc will post $0.45 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: “Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC Has $1.03 Million Position in Imperva Inc (NYSE:IMPV)” was  posted by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/18/weiss-multi-strategy-advisers-llc-purchases-14000-shares-of-imperva-inc-impv-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Royal Bank Of Canada raised their price objective on Imperva from $52.00 to $55.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. TheStreet raised Imperva from a “d” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Imperial Capital  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $57.00 price objective (up previously from $55.00) on shares of Imperva in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $47.00 price objective on shares of Imperva in a research note on Friday. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on Imperva in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $60.00 price objective on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $50.29.
In related news, CRO Michael D. Mooney sold 52,356 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.51, for a total value of $2,487,433.56. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive now directly owns 52,356 shares in the company, valued at $2,487,433.56. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Sunil D. Nagdev sold 4,857 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.00, for a total value of $237,993.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 16,290 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $798,210. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 60,302 shares of company stock valued at $2,875,861 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own  2.20% of the company’s stock. 
Imperva Company Profile
Imperva, Inc provides cyber-security solutions that protect business-critical data and applications whether in the cloud or on premises. The Company is engaged in the development, marketing, sales, service and support of cyber-security solutions. The Company’s products include its Imperva SecureSphere Paltform, Imperva CounterBreach and Imperva Camouflage for enterprise data centers, and Imperva Incapsula offering for cloud-based security services.







Receive News & Ratings for Imperva Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperva Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website































































DPL (NYSE:DPL) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































DPL Company Profile (NYSE:DPL)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About DPL (NYSE:DPL)
DPL Inc. (DPL) is a regional energy company. DPL operates in two segments: the Utility segment, comprised of its DPL Energy Resources, Inc. (DP&L) subsidiary, and the Competitive Retail segment, comprised of its DPL Energy Resources, Inc. (DPLER) subsidiary and DPLER's subsidiary, MC Squared, LLC. DP&L is engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in West Central Ohio. DPLER sells retail electric service, under contract, to residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers. DPL's other subsidiaries include DPL Energy, LLC (DPLE), which owns and operates peaking generating facilities, from which it makes wholesale sales of electricity and Miami Valley Insurance Company (MVIC), DPL's captive insurance company that provides insurance services to the Company and DPL's other subsidiaries. On November 28, 2011, DPL was acquired by The AES Corporation (AES) and is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of AES. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Utilities
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSE:DPL
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A



P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AP/E Growth: N/ADividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%



 

Frequently Asked Questions for DPL (NYSE:DPL)
What is DPL's stock symbol?

DPL trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "DPL."



Who are some of DPL's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to DPL include NextEra Energy (NEE), Duke Energy Corporation (DUK), Telefonica SA (TEF), Iberdrola S.A. (IBDRY), Dominion Energy (D), Southern Company (The) (SO), National Grid Transco, PLC (NGG), BCE (BCE), BT Group PLC (BT), Telstra Corp. (TLSYY), China Telecom Corp Ltd (CHA), Exelon Corporation (EXC), American Electric Power Company (AEP), Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PCG), National Grid plc (NG), Telenor ASA (TELNY), Vivendi SA (VIVHY) and Sempra Energy (SRE).



How do I buy DPL stock? 

Shares of DPL can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for DPL (NYSE DPL)Community Ranking:  2.2 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  15 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  19 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  34MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about DPL and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for DPL (NYSE:DPL) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for DPL (NYSE:DPL)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for DPL (NYSE:DPL)Earnings History by Quarter for DPL (NYSE DPL)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails10/27/2011$0.79$0.70ViewN/A7/28/2011$0.54$0.33ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for DPL (NYSE:DPL)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for DPL (NYSE:DPL)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for DPL (NYSE:DPL)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for DPL (NYSE:DPL)


Latest Headlines for DPL (NYSE:DPL)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineHottest Retail Trade Stocks Now – SSI RRGB CBD DPLOinvestorplace.com - May 24 at 11:40 AMHottest Retail Trade Stocks Now – WING DPLO ODP CTRNinvestorplace.com - April 1 at 5:31 PM


Social





Chart
DPL (DPL) Chart for Saturday, July, 29, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers - Home




























About
Insights
Solutions

Overview
Weiss Private Funds 
Mutual Funds


Philanthropy
News
Connect


LOG IN










About
Insights
Solutions

Overview
Weiss Private Funds 
Mutual Funds


Philanthropy
News
Connect


LOG IN
|
SIGN UP







Log InRegister for Online Access

EMAIL*



PASSWORD*


FORGOT PASSWORD? 

LOG IN








Warning


                You are about to leave GWEISS.com and are being redirected to the website for Mutual Funds.
              


CANCEL
PROCEED


















Innovations In Alternatives
Investment Solutions for a Dynamically Changing World









Weiss is a next generation boutique investment management firm with a nearly 40 year history.  Over the years, Weiss has developed a reputation for its sound investment solutions, thought-leadership and commitment to philanthropy.  
READ MORE


















Insights


A resource for investors seeking fresh perspective and thought provoking content.
VIEW ALL








FEATURED INSIGHT

July 2017  / CIO Perspectives
An Emotionally Intelligent Bike Ride Down Wall Street
The overwhelming feedback from the last CIO Perspective, which discussed how humans still have a lot to offer the investment...
READ MORE




June 2017  / CIO Perspectives
Shrinking Alpha: Bruce Springsteen, Big Data and the Need for Knowledge
Growing up as a blue collar kid in New Jersey, it should not be surprising that Bruce Springsteen holds an...
READ MORE


May 2017  / Dynamic Insights
Enterprise Driven Investing for Insurance Companies: The Hot Mess - and Future - of Asset Management
Investors of all types face constraints in meeting their investment objectives, but for insurance companies these limitations can be particularly...
READ MORE










Weiss' goal is to offer core portfolio investment solutions that provide stable, risk-adjusted returns that are uncorrelated to broader markets.  
We offer both classic multi-strategy investment vehicles as well as innovative solutions engineered to help investors meet their goals in today's complex economic environment.
DISCOVER OUR SOLUTIONS







We Care About Education
Almost 30 years ago, George Weiss told 112 sixth graders at a Philadelphia public school that if they graduated from high school, he would pay for their college education.  This promise turned into Say Yes to Education, which today impacts 140,000 children throughout the United States. 
READ MORE










Follow us on




New York Office
320 Park Avenue20th FloorNew York, NY 10022Phone +1 212-415-4500


Hartford Office
One State Street 20th FloorHartford, CT 06103Phone +1 860-240-8900


































Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers - About





























About
Insights
Solutions

Overview
Weiss Private Funds 
Mutual Funds


Philanthropy
News
Connect


LOG IN










About
Insights
Solutions

Overview
Weiss Private Funds 
Mutual Funds


Philanthropy
News
Connect


LOG IN
|
SIGN UP







Log InRegister for Online Access

EMAIL*



PASSWORD*


FORGOT PASSWORD? 

LOG IN








Warning


                You are about to leave GWEISS.com and are being redirected to the website for Mutual Funds.
              


CANCEL
PROCEED











Frederick E. Doucette, III
Chief Operating Officer
After serving as principal and deputy general counsel of Pequot Capital Management, Inc., a registered investment adviser. Prior to that, Mr. Dillabough was a senior associate in the Hedge Fund Group at the law firm Sidley Austin LLP. Mr. Dillabough earned a Master of Laws from Georgetown University Law Center (with distinction) and received a Juris Doctor (Law) and Bachelor of Arts (Psychology) from the University of Western Ontario in Canada. He is admitted to the practice of law in New York, Massachusetts, Canada, London & Wales.








Frederick E. Doucette, III
Adaptive Quant *
joined the firm in 1990 and is the Chief Operating Officer and portfolio manager for the Adaptive Quant strategy. He worked previously at Hubbell Inc., where he managed the company's excess cash and retirement plan assets. Prior to Hubbell, Mr. Doucette co-founded Atlantic Century Advisers, an investment advisor business, headed research for Webster Management Co. and was an investment consultant in what is now SEI's Fund Evaluation group. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Doucette is a board member and treasurer of Urban Squash of Greater Hartford, as well as a member of the development board of The Devereux Glenholme School of Washington, Connecticut, and a board member of Estrogen Gene Test, a private company.









Weiss is a next generation boutique investment management firm with a nearly 40 year history.  Over the years, Weiss has developed a reputation for its sound investment solutions, thought-leadership and commitment to philanthropy. Weiss is a firm that places a premium on people - our investors, our employees and our community.











A firm that places a premium on people
Our unique culture attracts and retains talented investment professionals, providing each with the risk management and operational framework necessary to allow him or her to focus on meeting our clients' objectives. Through thoughtful management, Weiss has cultivated a workplace that provides all its employees with a sense of family, inclusiveness and a foundation for success. Our portfolio managers, some of whom joined Weiss straight out of college, have an average tenure of approximately 11 years with the firm. We nurture our PMs to succeed, not push them to fail. From executive management to junior analysts, ours is a culture founded on respect and teamwork. We encourage collaboration among all professionals to ensure each is constantly learning from one another.
 
The Weiss mission strives to deliver consistent risk-adjusted returns by combining people with a clear process and sound risk management. Our multi manager approach to investing is adaptable, allowing us to create products designed to perform over multiple market cycles. Our portfolio managers are sector specialists and bring diversity in perspective and expertise. And roughly half of Weiss’ employees are dedicated to maintaining the firm’s robust operational infrastructure, allowing the firm to offer investors multiple product structures beyond the traditional private fund. 









“Weiss today combines the stability of a nearly 40 year old company with the culture and enthusiasm of a start up.”
- G. WEISS


Meet our team



George A. Weiss
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / CHAIRMAN Founded George Weiss Associates, Inc. in 1978. Prior to establishing the company, George specialized in utility stocks and investing on behalf of institutional clients at Bache Halsey Stuart, Inc., in Hartford and briefly at Faulkner, Dawkins and Sullivan, Inc. He is a graduate of The Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania where he is a Trustee Emeritus. He is also a Trustee Emeritus of the Woodrow Wilson Fellowship Foundation. Mr. Weiss is the founder of Say Yes to Education, Inc., (a charity dedicated to the educational advancement of inner-city students), a trustee of the Orphan Disease Pathway Project Foundation, and a Director of Somerset Re Ltd. 




Jordi Visser
PRESIDENT / CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER Joined the firm in 2005. Previously, Jordi was the founding managing partner of Anchor Point Asset Management, a global macro fund.  A former managing director at Morgan Stanley, he traded various global equity derivative books for nine years. He opened the Morgan Stanley office in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and managed the derivative sales and trading effort there during the 1997–1998 emerging market crisis. Upon his return to New York in 1999, he managed index derivatives and ETF trading and was a member of the Equity Division Risk Committee. Jordi is a magna cum laude graduate of Manhattan College and a board member of the School of Business at Manhattan College. 



Executive Committee
Senior Management
Portfolio Managers






George A. Weiss
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / CHAIRMAN
Founded George Weiss Associates, Inc. in 1978. Prior to establishing the company, George specialized in utility stocks and investing on behalf of institutional clients at Bache Halsey Stuart, Inc., in Hartford and briefly at Faulkner, Dawkins and Sullivan, Inc. He is a graduate of The Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania where he is a Trustee Emeritus. He is also a Trustee Emeritus of the Woodrow Wilson Fellowship Foundation. Mr. Weiss is the founder of Say Yes to Education, Inc., (a charity dedicated to the educational advancement of inner-city students), a trustee of the Orphan Disease Pathway Project Foundation, and a Director of Somerset Re Ltd.





Jordi Visser
PRESIDENT / CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER
Joined the firm in 2005. Previously, Jordi was the founding managing partner of Anchor Point Asset Management, a global macro fund.  A former managing director at Morgan Stanley, he traded various global equity derivative books for nine years. He opened the Morgan Stanley office in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and managed the derivative sales and trading effort there during the 1997-1998 emerging market crisis. Upon his return to New York in 1999, he managed index derivatives and ETF trading and was a member of the Equity Division Risk Committee. Jordi is a magna cum laude graduate of Manhattan College  and a board member of the School of Business at Manhattan College.





Jay Tucker
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Joined the firm in 2008. He began his tenure with the firm as a Portfolio Manager for the Rates/FX strategy. Previously, in 2003, he opened the macro fund, East Wind Capital Partners, LP, as well as East Wind Capital International, Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Tucker spent a year managing a macro fund for Troubh Partners. Between 1997 and 1999, he managed $75 million for Caxton in a macro/emerging markets portfolio. He spent 11 years at Credit Suisse First Boston beginning in 1985, managing foreign exchange and local emerging markets trading. Mr. Tucker also worked at Dean Witter trading currencies and began his career in 1980 at Mocatta Metals trading gold and foreign exchange. He is a former board member of the Financial Index Exchange, the Currency Committee of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Real Estate Finance Alliance at George Washington University. He is a current Trustee of Franklin College in Lugano, Switzerland. Mr. Tucker is also involved in The Disability Opportunity Fund, a non-profit providing housing loans and advice to parents of children with disabilities. He received his BA degree from George Washington University and an AA Degree from Franklin College in Lugano, Switzerland.





David Betten
PORTFOLIO MANAGER - TECHNOLOGY
Joined the firm in 1998. He began his tenure as a trader for the Quantitative strategy and then became co-manager of proprietary trading and the Global Event strategy. Previously, he worked as a broker in the private client group at Quick and Reilly. David graduated with a BA in economics from the University of Pennsylvania.





Scott Sartorius
PORTFOLIO MANAGER - FINANCIALS
Joined the firm in 1986.  He began his tenure with the firm as a portfolio manager for international and utility strategies.  Previously, Scott was a portfolio manager and analyst for electric utility stocks and bonds at Bass Brothers Enterprises.  He started his investment career as an analyst with Salomon Brothers.  Scott holds a BS from the University of Vermont and an MBA from New York University.





Lundy Wright
PORTFOLIO MANAGER - INTEREST RATE
Joined the firm in 2007. Previously, Lundy spent three years as a managing director at Nomura Securities where he managed and traded global U.S. treasury and agency businesses. He was also a managing director at Morgan Stanley for nearly 17 years, where he managed and traded the global U.S. treasury and mortgage pass-thru businesses. Lundy holds an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business and a BS from the University of Florida.









Pierce Archer
Director of Operations
Joined the firm in 2006.  Previously, Pierce was the director of trading operations at Ziff Brother Investments ("ZBI"), responsible for trade allocation and settlement, asset services, middle office administration and P&L reporting for the investment portfolios. Prior to ZBI, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Anchor Point Asset Management, LLC, a Global Macro strategy hedge fund. He also held a variety of senior management positions at Morgan Stanley in the equity operations group and has over 15 years of operations experience. Pierce is a graduate of Hartwick College in NY. He is a board member of the Heads Advisory Board for the Tilton School in Tilton, New Hampshire.





Beth Andrew-Berry
Director of Human Resources
Joined the firm in 2016. Previously, Beth was the human resources manager at AEFCU, the largest credit union in Connecticut, where she managed all aspects of human resources for over 300 employees. She has over 20 years of combined experience in the human resources field. Beth earned her BA in psychology at Eastern Connecticut State University. She also attended the University of Saint Joseph where she completed an HR certification program. Beth currently holds a Senior Professional in Human Resources, (SPHR) and Senior Certified Professional (SHRM-SCP) certification designations. She is a member of the Human Resource Leadership Forum of Southern New England, (HRLFSNE) where she serves on their program committee. 





Steven Breen
Chief Technology Officer
Joined the firm in 2009. Steve oversees the development and implementation of Information Technology ("IT") across the organization. Previously, he was the Chief Information Officer at Pequot Capital Management, managing technology and operations. Prior to Pequot, he was the Deputy Chief Information Officer at Deutsche Asset Management, responsible for the company's investment management systems. He has more than 20 years of IT experience in the financial services sector.  Steve is a graduate of Bryant University in Rhode Island.





Jeffrey D. Dillabough
General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Joined the firm in 2009. Previously, Jeff was the Principal and Deputy General Counsel of Pequot Capital Management, Inc., a registered investment adviser.  Prior to Pequot, he was a senior associate in the Hedge Fund Group at the law firm Sidley Austin LLP.  Jeff earned a Master of Laws from Georgetown University Law Center (with distinction) and received a Juris Doctor (Law) and Bachelor of Arts (Psychology) from the University of Western Ontario in Canada. He is admitted to the practice of law in New York, Massachusetts, Canada, London & Wales.





Robert Gendreau
Director of Tax
Joined the firm in 1998.  Prior to joining Weiss, Robert was a tax manager at BlumShapiro, New England's largest regional tax, accounting and business advisory firm.  Robert received a Master of Science in Taxation from the University of Hartford and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Central Connecticut State University.  He became a licensed Certified Public Accountant in 1991.





Jay Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer
Joined the firm in 2014. Previously, Jay was a Managing Director at Gartland and Mellina Group, a management consulting company. During the years leading up to Gartland and Mellina, which acquired Jay's previous employer, Avalon Lake Partners, he consulted for a number of hedge fund clients. From 2001 to 2007, he was the Principal of Goldstein Consulting LLC. Prior to that, his positions include serving as the Managing Director of DSG Investments and before that a vice president and business unit manager at Salomon Inc.  His early career was spent at UNICEF and McMillan Ticket Co. prior to joining Dean Witter Reynolds in 1984.  Jay graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from C.W. Post College.





Viju Joseph
Chief Risk Officer
Joined the firm in 2015. Previously, Viju was the Chief Executive Officer of Atlas Capital Services, a startup that provided hedge fund infrastructure and capital raising for early stage hedge funds. From 2006-2014, he was Chief Risk Officer at Eton Park Capital Management, a global multi-strategy hedge fund. In his role, he was responsible for risk management and coordinating the macro, sector and regional positioning in the portfolio. Before Eton Park, he was an executive director and co-head of Global Market Risk and Capital Management in Institutional Equity Division at Morgan Stanley, where he started his career. Viju received his M.B.A. from the Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland and his Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from IIT Bombay.





Michele M. Lanzoni
Controller
Joined the firm in 1987. Prior to joining Weiss, Michele worked for the investment accounting division at CIGNA. Michele also served as the Chief Financial Officer for Say Yes to Education, Inc. from 2009 to 2011. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Post College.





Cory Solomon
Portfolio Finance
Joined the firm in 2008. Previously, Cory was the Treasurer at Merrill Lynch's Hedge Fund Integration Services, a group formed to build out a platform for Merrill to seed and spinout managers into their own funds. In the build out, he was responsible for the development of all funding systems as well as running the global funding for these potential spinoffs.  Prior to Merrill, he spent the previous 10 years in various management and senior roles within the portfolio finance divisions of Citadel Investment Group and Amaranth Advisors LLC. Cory earned a B.S. in Economics from the University of Albany in 1995. 





Hank Swiggett
Chief Administrative Officer
Joined the firm in 2015. Previously, Hank was a portfolio manager at Bluecrest Capital focused on Technology, Media and Telecommunications. Prior to Bluecrest, he was a portfolio manager at Tudor Investments for the Technology, Media and Telecommunications team from 2011 to 2013. From 2005 to 2011, he managed a Technology portfolio at Millennium Partners. Other relevant experience includes working as a portfolio manager and/or analyst at J&W Seligman, Warburg Pincus Asset Management and Chancellor Capital Management, and an analyst at Armen Partners. Hank holds a BS from Northeastern University.





Jay Tucker
Chief Operating Officer
Joined the firm in 2008. He began his tenure with the firm as a Portfolio Manager for the Rates/FX strategy. Previously, in 2003, he opened the macro fund, East Wind Capital Partners, LP, as well as East Wind Capital International, Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Tucker spent a year managing a macro fund for Troubh Partners. Between 1997 and 1999, he managed $75 million for Caxton in a macro/emerging markets portfolio. He spent 11 years at Credit Suisse First Boston beginning in 1985, managing foreign exchange and local emerging markets trading. Mr. Tucker also worked at Dean Witter trading currencies and began his career in 1980 at Mocatta Metals trading gold and foreign exchange. He is a former board member of the Financial Index Exchange, the Currency Committee of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Real Estate Finance Alliance at George Washington University. He is a current Trustee of Franklin College in Lugano, Switzerland. Mr. Tucker is also involved in The Disability Opportunity Fund, a non-profit providing housing loans and advice to parents of children with disabilities. He received his BA degree from George Washington University and an AA Degree from Franklin College in Lugano, Switzerland.





Gillian Tullman
Director of Investor Relations and Marketing
Joined the firm in 2013. Previously, Gillian was the Vice President of Business Development at Linden Advisors LLC where she focused on institutional fund raising as well acting in an Investor Relations capacity for new and existing investors. Prior to Linden, Gillian worked at Liability Solutions, Inc. in the hedge fund placement group. Before fund raising, Gillian served as in-house counsel to Sailfish Capital Partners. She began her career as an associate at Bryan Cave and then as an associate at Seward & Kissel.  Gillian graduated with a BA from Colgate University and earned her JD from Fordham University School of Law.








Raymond Azizi
Infrastructure
Joined the firm in 2010.  He began his tenure with the firm as an analyst for the Global REIT strategy. Previously, Raymond was an investment professional at Lehman Brothers Merchant Banking where he focused on leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments.  Prior to that, he was in the Investment Banking division at Lehman Brothers where he helped advise corporate and private equity clients on M&A and capital market transactions. Raymond holds a B.S. in finance from Rutgers University and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.




David Betten
Technology
Joined the firm in 1998. He began his tenure as a trader for the Quantitative strategy and then became co-manager of proprietary trading and the Global Event strategy. Previously, he worked as a broker in the private client group at Quick and Reilly. David graduated with a BA in economics from the University of Pennsylvania.




Richard Comizio
Energy
Joined the firm in 1991.  He began his tenure with the firm as a utilities trader, and he joined the Financials team as a trader in 1996. He has been the portfolio manager for the Energy strategy since 2004. Previously, he worked as a floor trader specializing in precious metals and cotton at Singer-Wenger Trading. Richard is a graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.





Brad Donovan, CFA
Utilities
Joined the firm in 1997. Previously, he worked as a portfolio manager for the utility and energy hedge funds at Enron Corp. Before Enron, Brad worked at First Union Capital Markets Group as a utility analyst and managed a $350 million utility mutual fund. He began his investment career as an equity analyst and portfolio manager for the Bank of Boston in Florida, covering semiconductors and managing personal trust accounts. Brad graduated with a BSBA in Finance from the University of Florida and is on the board of Pathfinders for Autism.




Kaska Dratewska
Discretionary Quantitative Macro*
Joined the firm in 2017. Previously, she worked at Caxton Associates where she was a macro portfolio manager for four years. Before Caxton, she was a managing director and portfolio manager at Fortress Investment Group for the discretionary macro team. She started her macro career as a core member of the D.E. Shaw Oculus macro team where she spent six years applying rigorous quantitative analysis and trading across asset classes. Kaska graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University with a B.A. in Economics and Statistics, after attending the Massachusetts Institute of Technology her freshman year.




Brian Hamlet
Investment Grade Opportunities
Joined the firm in 2015. Previously, he worked as the Head of Investment Grade/Crossover strategies at RBC Global Arbitrage and Trading from 2011-2014.  Before Royal Bank of Canada, he was an Executive Director and Trader in Investment Grade Credit, specializing in industrials at Nomura. From 2007-2010 he was the Head Trader and a Portfolio Manager at Delaware Investments, and prior to that was a Trader for the Investment Grade Credit group at Lehman Brothers from 2003-2007. He began his career as an officer in the United States Marine Corps in 1996. Brian holds a BS in Management from the U.S. Air Force Academy and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.




Adam Hyncik
Infrastructure 
Joined the firm in 2008.  He began his tenure with the firm as a trader for the Global REIT strategy, and contributed to the idea generation and managed the risk for the strategy. Previously, he worked  in Private Banking and Wealth Management at UBS.  Adam graduated with a B.S. in finance from Lehigh University.




Brian Leidich
Cross Asset Volatility
Joined the firm in 2008. He began his tenure with the firm as an Analyst and Trader responsible for trading and idea generation across Global FX and interest rates in the Interest Rate strategy.  Previously, Brian worked as a Trader / Jr. Portfolio Manager helping manage the U.S. Interest Rates strategy at Sailfish Capital Partners.  Brian holds a BA in Finance from The University of Toledo.




Jonathan Levin
Global Cyclicals
Joined the firm in 2006. He began his tenure with the firm as a trader for the Industrials strategy. He managed a proprietary trading sub account within the strategy, and was responsible for managing the risk of the strategy as a whole. Previously, he worked as a consultant for KPMG. Jonathan graduated with a BS in economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.




Rob Levites
Global Consumer
Joined the firm in 2010. He began his tenure with the firm as the trader for the Consumer strategy for 5 years. Previously, Rob was an Electronic Market Maker for Barclays from 2008-2010. Prior to that, he was a NYSE Specialist for Lehman Brothers and Bear Wagner Specialists from 2002-2008. Rob is a graduate of Hofstra University with a BBA in Marketing. 




Cory Liberman
Global Cyclicals
Joined the firm in 2006. He began his tenure with the firm as an Analyst and Sector Head responsible for the global transportation sectors on the Industrials strategy.  Previously, Cory worked as an equity research associate covering Specialty Finance for Fulcrum Global Partners and Soleil Securities.  Cory holds a BA in Politics from Brandeis University and an MBA in Finance from Hofstra University.




Ron Lior
REIT
Joined the firm in 1993. He began his tenure with the firm in capital structure arbitrage in Europe, Asia and Latin America. He co-developed financial stock models and built models for Japanese warrants and convertibles. Ron holds a dual degree in finance and mechanical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.




Adam Mackillop
Global Derivatives
Joined the firm in 2008.  Previously, he worked at Barclays Capital trading a proprietary multi-asset class macro book and developed the Barclay's Non-Yen franchise in Asia. Prior to Barclays, Adam worked at Morgan Stanley in the Fixed Income Division, learning and trading various government securities and derivatives in New York, Toronto and Tokyo. Adam holds a B.S. in Management from the University of Tennessee. 




Andrew Mahony
Late Cyclicals
Joined the firm in 2014. Previously, he worked as a portfolio manager for Millennium Management, where he managed a market neutral long/short industrials strategy from 2008 to 2014. He managed a similar strategy at Balyasny Asset Management from 2007 to 2008. Prior to Balyasny, Andrew was an Analyst for the Industrials strategy at Weiss from 2004-2007. Before Weiss, he was at Lehman Brothers, where he worked in Equity Research. He began his career at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as an Analyst in the Infrastructure Group of the Public Finance Department. Andrew graduated Magna Cum Laude with an A.B. in Economics from Princeton University.




Matthew Maitland
Financials
Joined the firm in 1999. He began his tenure with the firm as  an analyst, trader and risk manager for the European strategy.  Matt studied systems engineering and finance in the Jerome Fisher Program for Management and Technology at the University of Pennsylvania.




Clinton Matter
Credit Opportunities
Joined the firm in 2015. Previously, he worked as a Managing Director and Co-Head of Credit Opportunities at Royal Bank of Canada from 2008-2014. Before Royal Bank of Canada, he was the Co-Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager and Partner at ARX Investment Management from 2002-2008. In 2001, he was an Analyst focused on Distressed Research at MHR Fund Management. He started his career at Morgan Stanley on the Global High Yield desk in 1997. Clinton holds a BS in Economics and a BA in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania. 




Brenda Reed
Global Equities
Joined the firm in 2011.  Previously, she spent 18 years at Fidelity Investments based in Boston, Tokyo and London.  During her last 8 years at Fidelity, she built a London-based global equity team of 10 investment professionals and was the portfolio manager for the "Global Focus" Fidelity funds.  Her other positions during her career at Fidelity included portfolio manager in Tokyo, director of research in Tokyo and London, and a number of analyst roles.  Brenda graduated with a BS in Finance from Boston University and holds an MBA from the Tuck School at Dartmouth College.




George Rubis
MILE
Joined the firm in 2012. Previously, he managed utility/energy infrastructure strategies at both Galleon and RBC Capital. George was responsible for long/short books ranging from $125-$500m in gross size. He also held sell-side positions with Barclays Capital and BT Alex Brown.  George holds a BS in Business Administration from Georgetown University and an MBA from Columbia University.  




Scott Sartorius
Financial Factor*
Joined the firm in 1986. He began his tenure with the firm as a portfolio manager for international and utility strategies. Previously, Scott was a portfolio manager and analyst for electric utility stocks and  bonds at Bass Brothers Enterprises. He started his investment career as an analyst with Salomon Brothers. Scott holds a BS from the University of Vermont and an MBA from New York University.




Ross Schubak
U.S. Consumer Discretionary
Joined the firm in 2016.  Previously, Ross was a Consumer Sector Head and Portfolio Manager at Cadian Capital Management LLC, a long-short hedge fund, from 2013-2016.  Prior to that, Ross was an Analyst and Sector Head for the Consumer Retail strategy at Weiss for 5 years.  Other relevant experience includes working as a consumer analyst at Diamondback Capital, and in the investment banking group at Deutsche Bank in the global consumer sector.  Ross graduated from the school of business with a BBA in Finance from Emory University.




Joanne Soja, CFA
Healthcare
Joined the firm in 2008. Previously, Joanne managed a long/short health care book at Tribeca, a Citibank owned multi-strategy fund which closed in late 2007. She has managed long/short health care portfolios since 1997 when she began her hedge fund career at Moore Capital Management. Prior to Moore Capital, she managed a $2.3 billion healthcare-dedicated mutual fund at Putnam Management in Boston. Other relevant investment experience includes co-management of a post-venture healthcare fund at Chancellor Capital Management and analytical responsibilities for several industries, including auto and selected consumer durables, retailers and small cap opportunities at Putnam. Joanne graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison with an MBA in Finance.




Rich Wallman
Information Science
Joined the firm in 2004. Previously, he was a portfolio manager at Paramount where he managed technology long/short funds with $100 million in assets. Between 1995 and 1999, he was a portfolio manager at Dreyfus and launched its Premier Technology Growth Fund. He also worked as a technology analyst at Desai Capital between 1991 and 1995 and in a similar capacity at Bankers Trust before that. Rich holds an MBA in finance from New York University and a BA in psychology from George Washington University.




Lundy Wright
Interest Rate
Joined the firm in 2007. Previously, Lundy spent three years as a managing director at Nomura Securities where he managed and traded global U.S. treasury and agency businesses. He was also a managing director at Morgan Stanley for nearly 17 years, where he managed and traded the global U.S. treasury and mortgage pass-thru businesses. Lundy holds an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business and a BS from the University of Florida.



* Incubator strategy - currently invests only the Firm's proprietary capital










Next Section
Insights>









Follow us on




New York Office
320 Park Avenue20th FloorNew York, NY 10022Phone +1 212-415-4500


Hartford Office
One State Street 20th FloorHartford, CT 06103Phone +1 860-240-8900


















Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC


Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC

320 Park Avenue 20th Floor
New York NY 10022 United States
Phone: +1 212-___-____
Fax: +1 212-___-____
https://www.gweiss.com





41
Managers




11
IT employees




$2.5MEST.
IT Budget




Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC hedge fund sponsor and provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It is headquartered in New York, NY and was founded in 2005.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Financial Services)


Employees
134


Revenue
$60.2M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2016-09-23
Technology Updates
Topic: Cloud.
Company: Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC, New York, NY
Opportunity: Deployed Amazon (cloud) in the last 60 days.




2015-12-18
Technology Updates
Topic: Cloud.
Company: Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC, New York, NY
Opportunity: Deployed Amazon Web Services in the last 60 Days.




2015-07-30
Management Change
Company: Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC, New York, NY
Change: Marc Peckman has left the position of Chief Financial Officer.






Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Relational Databases
Microsoft SQL Server

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)
Data Infrastructure

Desktop Virtualization
BomgarCitrix XenApp

IaaS
Amazon (cloud)Amazon EC2Amazon Web Services

Infrastructure Management
Data Storage

Data Backup
Symantec Enterprise Vault

Enterprise Storage
IBM Spectrum ProtectIBM Tivoli Storage Manager

Storage Networking Solutions
Dell EqualLogic Networked Storage
Enterprise/ ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Analytics

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Mobile Application and Content Services
BlackBerry

Mobile Product Management
MobileIron
Social

Online Communities/Collaboration
Microsoft Exchange
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Michele Lanzoni
Senior Vice President and Controller
___@gweiss.com
+1 860-___-____







Brian Leidich
Cross Asset Volatility
___@gweiss.com
+1 212-___-____







Rob Levites
Global Consumer
___@gweiss.com
+1 212-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing














WEISS MULTI-STRATEGY ADVISERS LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






WEISS MULTI-STRATEGY ADVISERS LLC






320 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10020, (212) 415-4500


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
570


New Positions
222


Increased Positions
328


Decreased Positions
215


Positions with Activity
543


Sold Out Positions
121


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
2,033



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
9.28%


Basic Materials
3.08%


Industrials
9.73%


Consumer Cyclicals
16.25%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
3.36%


Financials
35.44%


Healthcare
6.2%


Technology
9.16%


Telecommunication Services
0.52%


Utilities
6.97%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






570 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



MACK CALI RLTY CORP
COM
47,608
15,781
49.58
1,823,351


BRANDYWINE RLTY TR
SH BEN INT NEW
46,607
10,749
29.98
2,772,600


FIRST INDUSTRIAL REALTY TRUST
COM
42,160
25,690
155.99
1,385,022


INVITATION HOMES INC
COM
41,585
41,585
New
1,955,084


ATHENE HLDG LTD
CL A
35,829
10,556
41.77
710,751


NEW YORK REIT INC
COM
34,760
34,760
New
4,000,000


MCDONALDS CORP
COM
33,416
33,416
New
212,911


EQUITY RESIDENTIAL
SH BEN INT
31,399
31,399
New
465,168


DDR CORP
COM
30,212
-3,951
(11.57)
2,800,000


UDR INC
COM
25,153
-1,963
(7.24)
650,291


KILROY RLTY CORP
COM
24,642
-11,936
(32.63)
348,540


FEDERAL REALTY INVT TR
SH BEN INT NEW
23,641
-5,972
(20.17)
175,076


DUKE REALTY CORP
COM NEW
23,002
-28,358
(55.21)
800,067


PHYSICIANS RLTY TR
COM
22,188
22,188
New
1,200,000


BOSTON PROPERTIES INC
COM
21,221
-33,939
(61.53)
175,077


SPIRIT RLTY CAP INC NEW
COM
20,000
20,000
New
2,500,000


JACK IN THE BOX INC
COM
19,954
4,827
31.91
209,180


ENTERPRISE PRODS PARTNERS L P
COM
19,044
1,860
10.82
700,403


UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC
CL B
18,658
16,745
875.04
173,099


JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP
COM
17,409
17,409
New
801,880




<< first< previous1234510152025next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































