

Wellfount Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























wellfount corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Supply Chain
Wellfount Corporation provides pharmacy services. The Company offers drug regimen reviews, packaging, distribution, and charting solutions to patients that reside in long-term care facilities such as nursing homes.




Corporate Information
Address:

5751 West 73rd Street
Indianapolis, IN 46278
United States


Phone:
1-800-949-4979


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.wellfount.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Home - Wellfount & TED Rx Wellfount & TED Rx





































































The Leading Long Term Care Remote Dispense Enabled Pharmacy Founded in 2006, Wellfount's innovative use of remote dispensing technology transforms the way skilled nursing providers deliver medications to their residents. By placing the vast majority of medications onsite, Wellfount enables its customers to meet the demands of quality, cost, and timeliness revolutionizes the way medications are delivered to long term care residents. Learn More 





A Personal Pharmacy Without Leaving Your Home Wellfount’s Connect — TED program brings the pharmacy to you.  Utilizing our personalized packaging and timely service, your medications will arrive at your doorstep every month. Learn More 













Enabling you to deliver the highest quality care, while eliminating unnecessary waste experienced with traditional pharmacies.
Wellfount Pharmacy’s TED remote dispensing technology, alone, doesn’t define Wellfount’s innovative approach to pharmacy services. We offer a full range of medications and consulting services, allowing you to administer the highest levels of care to your residents. Our pharmacy team is focused on helping you achieve improved resident outcomes, reduced re-hospitalizations, lower medication waste, and reduced overall costs.
Meet TED
It doesn’t get any more local, more responsive or lower cost than being able to deliver pharmacy services, at the point of patient care, right inside your facility.
Watch the Video







TED Rx Model
See how the TED Rx can help to 
achieve your goals.


Value Proposition
Deliver pharmacy service at the point of patient care, inside your facility.


Full Service Pharmacy
Continuous innovation, world-class operation, point-of-care solutions.
 



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 
































Wellfount,Corp, 5751w 73rd St Indianapolis Indiana 46278 Usa 317 524 1515 | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Wellfount,Corp
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Wellfount,Corp's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
4 U.S. shipments available for Wellfount,Corp, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2010-01-08
See all 4 shipment records for Wellfount,Corp with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2009-09-08


2009-01-28
Wellfount,Corp
Shenzhen Conmit Flastic Co., Ltd.
Imported Pvc Package
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 3 suppliers of Wellfount,Corp
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Shenzhen Zhongruitianhong 






Sign up to access 







Sign up to access 







3 suppliers available
        


Top products


pvc 





blister 






2 top products available
        





Contact information for Wellfount,Corp


 

Address
5751w 73rd St Indianapolis Indiana 46278 Usa 317 524 1515

 



Sign up to access 


www.wellfount.com 
 




           

      

85 employee contacts for Wellfount,Corp




Job title
Name
Email
Phone number




            Production Manager          

            Chris F          


              See all 85 employee contacts
Request a demo





            Director of Human Resources          

            Carrie K          




            Executive Assistant          

            Julia B          



 See all 85 Employee Contacts





Sample Bill of Lading
4 shipment records available



Date
2010-01-08


Shipper Name
Shenzhen Zhongruitianhong


Shipper Address
COMMERCE CO.,LTD., RM.1707,BLOCK A,HAISONG BLDG,, CHEGONGMIAO,FUTIAN SHENZHEN, CITY,GUANGDONG PROVINCE CHINA


Consignee Name
Wellfount,Corp


Consignee Address
5751W.73RD STREET INDIANAPOLIS,, INDIANA 46278 USA, 317.524.1515


Notify Party Name
Wellfount,Corp


Notify Party Address
5751W.73RD STREET INDIANAPOLIS,, INDIANA 46278 USA


Weight
596


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
596.0


Quantity
31


Quantity Unit
CTN


Measure
3


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
China


Details
596.0 kgFrom port: Yantian, ChinaTo port: Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Place of Receipt
Yantian


Foreign Port of Lading
Yantian, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California


Commodity
Blister Package


Container
TRLU7287179


Marks Description
S1 1 S1 2 S1 3. S1 31


Carrier Name
BINEX LINE CORPORATION


Vessel Name
MSC JUDITH


Voyage Number
TX615


Bill of Lading Number
BNXCLAX91208081


Master Bill of Lading Number
CMDUGGZ0284002A


Lloyd's Code
9299549


HTS Codes
HTS 6306







 



Buyers of similar products 
blister buyers




Suppliers of similar products
blister manufacturers




Buyers similar to Wellfount,Corp

Suram Trading Corp.







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 







Wellfount, Corporation                                                                                                   - Indianapolis                                      , IN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



Indianapolis



Drugs, Proprietaries, and Sundries



Pharmaceuticals



                            Wellfount, Corporation
                                    



 





















W 


Wellfount, Corporation                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5751 W 73RD ST INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46278
Get Directions



(317) 297-6052
www.wellfount.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $27,950,732.00
 Employee Count 40
 Industries Pharmaceuticals
 Contacts Paul L Leamon                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Wellfount, Corporation                                                                                                   was founded in 2006, and is located at 5751 W 73rd St in Indianapolis. Additional information is available at www.wellfount.com                                                                                        or by contacting Paul L Leamon                                                                                                            at (317) 297-6052. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Leadership Team - Wellfount & TED Rx Wellfount & TED Rx





































































  Leadership Team 







Eric Orme
Chief Executive Officer and President
Eric Orme has over 17 years experience in management and broad business functions, working with both large companies and small private endeavors. As Chief Operating Officer for AIT Laboratories, Eric oversaw Finance, Sales and Marketing, HR and Business Operations for the fast-growing Healthcare Services company. Eric helped lead the sale of AIT in 2009 to a 100% employee-owned ESOP, and during his tenure, the company grew from roughly 90 employees to nearly 500 employees in four years. Eric also worked for Boston Scientific for seven years, where he held various roles in Finance, Marketing and Sales Leadership. Other experience includes working for Price Waterhouse Consulting, helping lead a venture backed company called iProperty.com and working on Capitol Hill for a United States congressman.
Eric holds both an MBA in Finance and a BA in Economics through the Honors Division at Indiana University.
 
Jim Smith
Chief Operating Officer
Jim Smith has over 25 years experience in general management and strategic marketing roles, within both large public companies and emerging venture and private equity funded businesses. Within the medical device, product and service markets, Jim has held the following positions: VP & General Manager at Hill-Rom, Chief Operating Officer at Suros Surgical, Chief Executive Officer of RCS Management Corporation, and most recently as President & COO of Specialized Medical Corporation. In addition, Jim has led marketing, strategic planning and new product development organizations. Jim also has served on the Board of Directors for local not-for-profits and privately funded emerging businesses.
Jim holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University, and an MBA in Marketing/Finance from Indiana University.
 
Robert Meyer
Chief Financial Officer
Robert Meyer has nearly 15 years experience in pharmacy and related healthcare services to the long-term care and home care industries. Robert joined Wellfount in April 2015 and is responsible for all financial reporting (both archival and operational), audit and compliance, planning (budgeting), treasury and capital structure. Prior to joining the company, Robert spent two years at OrionRx in the roles of President and Chief Financial Officer. Robert spent six years at Omnicare, Inc. as a Senior Regional Chief Financial Officer responsible for pharmacy-related finance operations and budgeting for approximately 175 branches, generating nearly $3.5 billion in net sales. Prior to joining Omnicare, Robert was an Audit Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, specializing in audit-related services, including mergers and acquisitions in the long term care sector.
Robert is a Certified Public Accountant and is a graduate of the University of Cincinnati.
 
John Solhan
Vice-President of Strategic Projects
John Solhan has over 30 years in financial and accounting management experience, with 13 years in the health care manufacturing of international diagnostic equipment. John then transitioned into health care distribution, assisting in the business development of both medical supplies and numerous pharmacy operations. As the VP of Strategic Projects of Wellfount, John is responsible for operational support for the organization, in addition to overseeing day-to-day planning, implementing, managing and controlling of all financial-related activities of the company.
John has a BS in Business, with a concentration in accounting from Indiana University.
 
Greg Lawless, RN
Vice-President of Sales & Service
Greg Lawless began his career as a registered nurse in critical and trauma care, long-term care and nursing management. Greg then moved to the pharmacy services industry and has served for 26 years in operations, customer service and sales roles, consistently focused on the development and implementation of services designed to answer the needs of long-term care facilities. As Director of Sales for Wellfount, Greg maintains a close connection to the LTC industry, is sensitive to the demands placed on providers and is adept at providing service solutions.
Greg has a diploma in nursing from Grant Hospital School of Nursing and an MBA from Northwestern University (Kellogg Graduate School of Management).


























corporategiftsnetwork.com










 










2017 Copyright.  All Rights Reserved. 
The Sponsored Listings displayed above are served automatically by a third party. Neither the service provider nor the domain owner maintain any relationship with the advertisers. In case of trademark issues please contact the domain owner directly (contact information can be found in whois).

Privacy Policy



 











Wellfount Pharmacy - Indianapolis, IN





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up








































































































Customer Support - Wellfount & TED Rx Wellfount & TED Rx




































































  Customer Support 






Looking for more information? Below you will find valuable resources to help navigate your long term pharmacy needs.

Phone Numbers
 Phone: 317-524-1515
 Phone Toll Free: 800-949-4979
 General Business Fax: 317-735-1716
Resident Specific and Medication Questions
 Customer Rx Order Fax: 844-325-7228
 Customer Service: customerservice@wellfount.com
 Invoice or Payment Questions
 Billing: billing@wellfount.com
Prescribers and Nursing Staff
 Pharmacy: pharmacist@wellfount.com
General Employment Questions
 Human Resources: hr@wellfount.com
 
Don’t see what you are looking for?
Contact Us































Leadership Team - Wellfount & TED Rx Wellfount & TED Rx





































































  Leadership Team 







Eric Orme
Chief Executive Officer and President
Eric Orme has over 17 years experience in management and broad business functions, working with both large companies and small private endeavors. As Chief Operating Officer for AIT Laboratories, Eric oversaw Finance, Sales and Marketing, HR and Business Operations for the fast-growing Healthcare Services company. Eric helped lead the sale of AIT in 2009 to a 100% employee-owned ESOP, and during his tenure, the company grew from roughly 90 employees to nearly 500 employees in four years. Eric also worked for Boston Scientific for seven years, where he held various roles in Finance, Marketing and Sales Leadership. Other experience includes working for Price Waterhouse Consulting, helping lead a venture backed company called iProperty.com and working on Capitol Hill for a United States congressman.
Eric holds both an MBA in Finance and a BA in Economics through the Honors Division at Indiana University.
 
Jim Smith
Chief Operating Officer
Jim Smith has over 25 years experience in general management and strategic marketing roles, within both large public companies and emerging venture and private equity funded businesses. Within the medical device, product and service markets, Jim has held the following positions: VP & General Manager at Hill-Rom, Chief Operating Officer at Suros Surgical, Chief Executive Officer of RCS Management Corporation, and most recently as President & COO of Specialized Medical Corporation. In addition, Jim has led marketing, strategic planning and new product development organizations. Jim also has served on the Board of Directors for local not-for-profits and privately funded emerging businesses.
Jim holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University, and an MBA in Marketing/Finance from Indiana University.
 
Robert Meyer
Chief Financial Officer
Robert Meyer has nearly 15 years experience in pharmacy and related healthcare services to the long-term care and home care industries. Robert joined Wellfount in April 2015 and is responsible for all financial reporting (both archival and operational), audit and compliance, planning (budgeting), treasury and capital structure. Prior to joining the company, Robert spent two years at OrionRx in the roles of President and Chief Financial Officer. Robert spent six years at Omnicare, Inc. as a Senior Regional Chief Financial Officer responsible for pharmacy-related finance operations and budgeting for approximately 175 branches, generating nearly $3.5 billion in net sales. Prior to joining Omnicare, Robert was an Audit Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, specializing in audit-related services, including mergers and acquisitions in the long term care sector.
Robert is a Certified Public Accountant and is a graduate of the University of Cincinnati.
 
John Solhan
Vice-President of Strategic Projects
John Solhan has over 30 years in financial and accounting management experience, with 13 years in the health care manufacturing of international diagnostic equipment. John then transitioned into health care distribution, assisting in the business development of both medical supplies and numerous pharmacy operations. As the VP of Strategic Projects of Wellfount, John is responsible for operational support for the organization, in addition to overseeing day-to-day planning, implementing, managing and controlling of all financial-related activities of the company.
John has a BS in Business, with a concentration in accounting from Indiana University.
 
Greg Lawless, RN
Vice-President of Sales & Service
Greg Lawless began his career as a registered nurse in critical and trauma care, long-term care and nursing management. Greg then moved to the pharmacy services industry and has served for 26 years in operations, customer service and sales roles, consistently focused on the development and implementation of services designed to answer the needs of long-term care facilities. As Director of Sales for Wellfount, Greg maintains a close connection to the LTC industry, is sensitive to the demands placed on providers and is adept at providing service solutions.
Greg has a diploma in nursing from Grant Hospital School of Nursing and an MBA from Northwestern University (Kellogg Graduate School of Management).



























Wellfount  Corporation in Indianapolis, IN 46278 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Indiana
» Indianapolis
» Brokers
» Wellfount  Corporation








 





Wellfount  Corporation


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





5751 W 73rd St  Indianapolis, Indiana 46278


(317) 297-6052
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Wellfount  Corporation is located at the address 5751 W 73rd St in Indianapolis, Indiana 46278.  They can be contacted via phone at (317) 297-6052 for pricing, hours and directions.  Wellfount  Corporation has an annual sales volume of 5M – 9,999,999.  .For more information contact Donna  Vignes, President or  go to www.wellfount.comFor maps and directions to Wellfount  Corporation view the map to the right.  For reviews of Wellfount  Corporation see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Perfumes
, Bath Products
, Body & Skin Care Products
, Facial Care Supplies
, Cologne



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (317) 297-6052
Website: www.wellfount.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 700-0000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 5M – 9,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Brokers
Drugs Manufacturing & Wholesale
Personal Care Products Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Agents, Buyers & Brokers
Health & Beauty Products Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


COUNTRY CHOICE MEATS


5721 Park Plaza Ct  Indianapolis, Indiana 46220




Schaub WM & Co


4921 E 78th St  Indianapolis, Indiana 46250




Tanner O C


3850 Priority Way South Dr 116 Ste Indianapolis, Indiana 46240




Sturman & Company Inc


6536 Cornell Ave  Indianapolis, Indiana 46220




Turley & Associates Inc


5142 Madison Ave Ste 2 Ste 2 Indianapolis, Indiana 46227




Edgcomb Metals Co


7155 Shadeland Sta 190 Ste Indianapolis, Indiana 46256





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Donna  Vignes
PRESIDENT
Phone: (317) 337-0189 
 



Paul  Leaman
PRESIDENT/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (317) 337-0189 
 



Suzanne  Hall
MANAGER
Phone: (317) 337-0189 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















Wellfount Corp in New Augusta, IN (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Wellfount Corp, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Wellfount Corp

Wellfount Corp imports from Shenzhen Zhongruitianhong in China through the port of Long Beach, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Wellfount Corp and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 PEPSICO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Wellfount Corp
Wellfount Corp imports from Shenzhen Zhongruitianhong in China through the port of Long Beach, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SHENZHEN ZHONGRUITIANHONG
COMMERCE CO.,LTD.                  
RM.1707,BLOCK A,HAISONG BLDG,      
CHEGONGMIAO,FUTIAN SHENZHEN        
CITY,GUANGDONG PROVINCE CHINA


WELLFOUNT,CORP
5751W.73RD STREET INDIANAPOLIS,    
INDIANA 46278 USA                  
                                   
317.524.1515



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



WELLFOUNT,CORP




S1-1 
S1-2 
S1-3 
..... 
S1-31
S1-1 
S1-2 
S1-3 
..... 
S1-31





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



CMDUGGZ0284002A


TRLU7287179
TRLU7287179


Product Description




BLISTER PACKAGE
BLISTER PACKAGE









Bill of LadingBNXCLAX91208081 Arrival Date2010-01-08Weight (LB)1,311Weight (KG)596UnitsCMQuantity31 CTNContainer Count1CBM3Voyage No.TX615Port of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeLONG BEACH, CALIFORNIAVessel NameMSC JUDITHCarrier CodeBNXCCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptYANTIAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Wellfount Corp. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Wellfount Corp has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Wellfount Corp







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Wellfount Corp
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Prima For Paints                                



                                    Caterpillar Inc Engine Division                                



                                    K's Enterprises Ltd.                                



                                    Ssa International Ltd                                



                                    Marieoff Corporation Oy                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.9222
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















