




Welltok - Denver, CO





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up

































































































WellTok Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























welltok inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
WellTok, Inc. designs and develops technology that applies social media and social analytics to the health care industry. The Company offers a site that engages members in health-related social networking and fun challenges, as well as provides a solution that enables population managers to listen to and learn from member chats and posts. WellTok conducts business in Denver, Colorado.




Corporate Information
Address:

1530 15th Street
Denver, CO 80202
United States


Phone:
1-888-935-5865


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.welltok.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Jeffrey Margolis
Welltok Inc








Board Members
Company


Bruce Hallett
Miramar Venture Partners LP


Stephen Kraus
Bessemer Venture Partners


Kevin Spain
Emergence Capital Partners SBIC LP




Mohamad Makhzoumi
New Enterprise Associates Inc




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




League expands across U.S. with new approach to health benefits

Jun 20, 2017



Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market Worth 7,988.8 USD Million by 2022

May 03, 2017






Key Executives


Jeffrey H Margolis "Jeff"


Chairman/CEO




Rob Scavo


President/COO




Linda Fenton


Chief Financial Officer




Brian Garcia


Chief Technology & Product Ofcr







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

























































 



 Aetna Executive Joins Welltok as New Chief Technology and Product Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Aetna Executive Joins Welltok as New Chief Technology and Product Officer

		  Technology Leader Brian Garcia Tapped to Support Exponential Growth of Company's Health Optimization Platform
		

Jul 29, 2015, 14:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Welltok, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Welltok logo    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Welltok logo
 


 

 




 





 


DENVER, July 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Welltok, developers of the CaféWell Health Optimization Platform that guides and incentivizes consumers, announced today the appointment of Brian Garcia as chief technology and product officer. With an established reputation for bringing user-centered design to product and technology, Garcia will lead the ongoing development and architecture of the company's consumer enterprise platform at a time of exponential growth and innovation for Welltok.  
Garcia most recently served as the chief technology officer for Healthagen, a subsidiary of Aetna, where he led technology strategy across multiple business units in both growth and start-up phases. One of Garcia's key accomplishments is the development of Healthagen's award-winning platform that combines claims and clinical data sets to create a holistic patient view and better inform clinical decisions. 
"Brian is joining Welltok at a pivotal time – the healthcare industry has embraced the need for an analytics-driven consumer health platform, and our recent acquisition of Predilytics advances our ability to provide a unique, dynamic Personal Health Itinerary for every consumer," said Jeff Margolis, chairman and chief executive officer for Welltok. "Brian's experience in building large scale enterprise platforms and integrating analytics, combined with his passion for consumer-centric design will help us push the boundaries of CaféWell even further for our clients and end users." 
During his 15-year tenure with Aetna, he held several senior technology leadership roles, including chief architect, and created an integrated suite of solutions driving the health payer business that improved efficiencies and reduced costs by $60 million. 
"I'm thrilled to be joining Welltok," said Garcia. "While I'm proud of the work I've done to advance technology and efficiencies in healthcare IT, it has primarily been patient-focused. It's time to truly bring the consumer into the mix, to empower them to engage in their own health and connect them with the right tools and resources to do so. I see Welltok at the forefront of making this happen and am incredibly excited to be a part of it." 
Garcia will be responsible for product and technology strategy at Welltok including product management, engineering, platform design and development, and architecture. He will be integral to meeting the growing demand among population health managers for the CaféWell platform with its ability to integrate innovative digital health solutions and engage consumers with a personalized, rewarding experience. 
Connect with Garcia on LinkedIn.
About Welltok, Inc. Welltok, Inc. is fundamentally transforming the way population health managers partner with consumers to optimize their health and get rewarded. Its groundbreaking CaféWell Health Optimization Platform™ organizes the growing spectrum of health and condition management programs, apps and digital tracking devices. The platform, accessible via web and mobile, drives engagement by providing personalized guidance and leveraging social, gaming and cognitive technologies. Welltok's novel approach increases revenue, improves operational efficiency and drives healthcare value. Follow Welltok on Twitter @Welltok
Media Contacts: WelltokErica Sniad Morgenstern 650-906-7240 pr@welltok.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150519/217089LOGO 
 
 SOURCE  Welltok, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.welltok.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Aug 17, 2015, 12:12 ET
Preview: Welltok Debuts High on Inc. Magazine's Annual List of America's Fastest-Growing Private Companies




















Jun 11, 2015, 12:40 ET
Preview: Welltok Announces Winners of 2015 Health Optimization Awards








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Apr 04, 2017, 09:30 ET
Ovum Puts Welltok "On the Radar"






 More news releases in:

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Health Care & Hospitals
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




















 



 Welltok Completes $37 Million Funding Round With New Investors 
         










    










 






 











 









Welltok Completes $37 Million Funding Round With New Investors

		  Jeff Margolis to Present Company Update and Vision at J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference
		

Jan 08, 2015, 11:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Welltok, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


DENVER, Jan. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Welltok, developer of the CafeWell Health Optimization Platform™, officially closed its most recent funding round of $37 million. Two new investors join the round, Hearst Health Ventures, a unit of Hearst Corporation focused on investments in health IT and technology-enabled healthcare services, and Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), one of the nation's largest health systems. This brings Welltok's completed funding in 2014 to $59 million. 
Hearst and CHI join the Series D round led by Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP) with participation from existing top tier investors, including Emergence Capital Partners, InterWest Partners, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Qualcomm Ventures. The new funds will be used to further accelerate the company's impressive growth to date through the launch of new products and services, as well as expansion into new market segments.
"With the capital raised in 2014, we are in a great position to deliver excellence to our existing and growing client portfolio. It also enables us to focus on building new capabilities into our groundbreaking Health Optimization Platform," said Jeff Margolis, chairman and chief executive officer of Welltok.
Margolis will share the company vision at the 33rd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, January 14, 2015 at 1:30 pm PT. Margolis' presentation will include a company update, discussion about health optimization and a demonstration of CafeWell Concierge, the company's newest application powered by IBM Watson.
"We are reaching a critical tipping point in the market. Existing solutions are reaching their limitations and a new enterprise-level platform must emerge to address the consumer and bring mass personalization to healthcare," said Margolis. "Our CafeWell Health Optimization Platform makes this possible by providing payers, providers and other population health managers with the ability to guide and incentivize consumers to achieve their optimal health."
About Welltok
Welltok, Inc. is fundamentally transforming the way population health managers partner with consumers to optimize their health and get rewarded. Its groundbreaking CafeWell Health Optimization Platform™ organizes the growing spectrum of health and condition management programs, communities, apps and tracking devices. The platform, accessible via web and mobile, drives engagement by providing personalized guidance and leveraging social, gaming and cognitive technologies. Welltok's novel approach increases revenue, improves operational efficiency and drives healthcare value. Follow us on Twitter @Welltok
About Hearst Health Ventures
Hearst Health Ventures is part of the Hearst Health network, which also includes FDB (First Databank), Zynx Health, MCG and Homecare Homebase, Hearst Health International and the Hearst Health Innovation Lab (www.hearsthealth.com). The mission of the Hearst Health network is to help guide the most important care moments by delivering vital information into the hands of everyone who touches a person's health journey. Each year in the U.S., care guidance from the Hearst Health network reaches 76% of discharged patients, 133 million insured individuals, 20 million home health visits, 1.88 billion retail pharmacy prescriptions and 3.26 billion prescription claims.
About Catholic Health Initiatives
Catholic Health Initiatives, a nonprofit, faith-based health system formed in 1996 through the consolidation of four Catholic health systems, expresses its mission each day by creating and nurturing healthy communities in the hundreds of sites across the nation where it provides care. One of the nation's largest health systems, Englewood, Colo.-based CHI operates in 19 states and comprises 105 hospitals, including four academic health centers and major teaching hospitals and 30 critical-access facilities; community health-services organizations; accredited nursing colleges; home-health agencies; and other facilities that span the inpatient and outpatient continuum of care. In fiscal year 2014, CHI provided $910 million in charity care and community benefit -- a nearly 20% increase over the previous year -- for programs and services for the poor, free clinics, education and research. Charity care and community benefit totaled more than $1.7 billion with the inclusion of the unpaid costs of Medicare. The health system, which generated revenues of almost $13.9 billion in fiscal year 2014, has total assets of $21.8 billion. Learn more at www.catholichealthinitiatives.com
About Bessemer Venture Partners
Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP) invests in early-stage, hyper-growth startups, partnering closely with entrepreneurs to build durable businesses. BVP is a global firm with offices in Menlo Park, Cambridge, New York, Bangalore, Herzliya and Sao Paulo. With $4 billion under management, BVP invests anywhere from $100,000 to $75 million in innovative companies like Pinterest, Twilio, Box, LinkedIn, Shopify, Yelp, Skype and CornerstoneOnDemand. Over 100 BVP companies have gone public. Learn more at www.bvp.com and follow us on Twitter @BessemerVP
Media Contact
Erica Sniad Morgenstern
650-906-7240
pr@welltok.com
 SOURCE  Welltok, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.welltok.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 11, 2015, 11:00 ET
Preview: Healthcare's Dilemma: Incumbents vs Consumers













Nov 20, 2014, 14:14 ET
Preview: The Consumer Revolution in Healthcare - Where Do We Go from Here?






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Apr 04, 2017, 09:30 ET
Ovum Puts Welltok "On the Radar"






 More news releases in:

  Computer Electronics
  Banking & Financial Services
  Health Care & Hospitals
Financing Agreements
Trade Show News












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 Welltok Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Welltok Inc.


Welltok Inc.

1675 Larimer Street Suite 300
Denver CO 80202 United States
Phone: +1 720-___-____
Fax: +1 720-___-____
http://welltok.com





14
Managers




32
IT employees




$7.2MEST.
IT Budget




Welltok Inc. is a health optimization company providing health managers with innovative ways to offer rewards to their consumers. It is based in Denver, CO.{BR}{BR}Welltok acquired Predilytics in 2015.






Sector (Industry)
Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals (Hospitals and Healthcare Providers)


Employees
159


Revenue
$28.1M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-10
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Databases
Company: Welltok Inc., Denver, CO
Opportunity: Seeking a Career Opportunities: Data Analyst, Data Operations (Denver, CO, 80208).




2017-07-10
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Databases
Company: Welltok Inc., Denver, CO
Opportunity: Seeking a Career Opportunities: Manager, Data Operations (5262) (Denver, CO, 80208).




2017-07-10
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Infrastructure
Company: Welltok Inc., Denver, CO
Opportunity: Seeking a Career Opportunities: Business Systems Analyst (5281) (Denver, CO, 80208).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
MongoDB

Business Intelligence
IBM CognosMicrosoft SSASMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)SAP Business ObjectsTableau

Data Modeling/Mining
Microsoft SSISPentahoSAS
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
node.js

Email Hosting
Intermedia.net (mail server)International Business Machines (mail server)Microsoft (mail server)

End User Hardware
Windows XP
Data Storage

Disaster Recovery

Enterprise Storage
Oracle Recovery Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Microsoft Dynamics CRMSalesForceSalesforce Radian6

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Microsoft Dynamics

Enterprise Systems Support
Kanban
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
Quickbooks

Retail Property Management
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )
Analytics

Business Intelligence
Adobe FrameMakerPentahoPythonTableau

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL ServerMongoDBMySQLPostgreSQL

Social Analytics
Heroku
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
Pivotal Tracker

User Experience

Website Design
Adobe Creative SuiteAdobe InDesignAdobe PhotoshopGoogle MapsLinkedInButtonMicrosoft VisioOmniGraffleOpenX
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache Server

Social Commerce
Amazon (cloud)Amazon Web ServicesGitHub
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management

Mobile Application and Content Services
Apple iOS

Promotions
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Joan Gormley
Director, Human Resources
___@welltok.com
+1 781-___-____







Robin Singhvi
Senior Solutions Architect
___@welltok.com
+1 720-___-____







Tiffany Herrick
Senior Director, Financial Planning and Analysis
___@welltok.com
+1 720-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing









CaféWell Earns Frost & Sullivan Product Leadership Award




















































CaféWell Earns Frost & Sullivan Product Leadership Award
Frost & Sullivan was hearing from population health management companies that they are looking to drive consumer engagement with a more user-friendly experience that offers incentives for participation in health and wellness activities and for behavior change. Based on this growing market need, the research firm conducted an audit and awarded Welltok with the Product Leadership Award for it's CaféWell Health Optimization Platform. 
Frost & Sullivan credits CaféWell's advanced personalization and integration capabilities with driving improved operational efficiencies, increased revenue and greater healthcare value for population health managers. 
Learn more about Frost & Sullivan's research in this newly published report, including:


What expertise is required for a leading consumer engagement platform


How an easy access platform can increase engagement 


What sets CaféWell apart from other platforms


“Where many programs focus on providing a generic wellness solution to a general population, Welltok’s CaféWell platform is designed to provide solutions to optimize the health of each person as an individual." -Frost & Sullivan

































    






































Welltok l Optimizing Health, Maximizing Rewards |   Leadership


















































































 




















Welltok l Optimizing Health, Maximizing Rewards |   Leadership
517
page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-517,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,select-theme-ver-3.4,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 

Our Leadership Team
Our diverse leadership team has deep experience in the healthcare, enterprise software and consumer engagement industries — and we’re passionate about creating solutions that provide real value and return on investment for the healthcare industry.







Read Bio




Jeff is the strategic and visionary leader for Welltok, developing the first holistic, agnostic Health Optimization Platform.

He is widely recognized as a healthcare IT entrepreneur and innovator based on his 30-year track record of successfully applying technologies to address the complex problems facing the healthcare industry.

Prior to Welltok, Jeff founded TriZetto, the first industry vertical SaaS enterprise solution, and originated the concept of Integrated Healthcare Management. During his tenure as Chairman and CEO, Jeff led TriZetto through a successful IPO and $1.4B private equity buyout.

Jeff currently serves as a member of the board of directors for Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII) and Alignment Healthcare, as well as on boards for Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach and University of California at Irvine’s Center for Health Care Management & Policy. Jeff received his bachelor’s degree with high honors in business administration/management information systems from the University of Illinois.






 







Read Bio




Rob is responsible for all operating aspects for Welltok including product innovation and execution, sales and client success.
 
During his 28-year career in healthcare IT, Rob has led some of the country’s largest operational and IT transformations. Rob most recently served as president of Payer Markets at TriZetto (now owned by Cognizant), where he had overall accountability for new business development for Cognizant’s Healthcare vertical and top-line growth for TriZetto’s 350+ payer clients and approximately $1B in yearly revenue. 
 
Rob also previously worked for PacifiCare Health Systems (now owned by UnitedHealthcare) and for Andersen Consulting (now Accenture), helping healthcare clients define and implement IT strategies.
 
Rob graduated with honors from the University of Colorado at Boulder.






 







Read Bio




Scott drives new strategic partnerships and forges collaborations with the most innovative population health organizations.

He brings more than 25 years of deep healthcare knowledge to Welltok with a focus on health plans. Prior to co-founding Welltok, Scott was a co-owner and led all sales for PSI, a healthcare services company acquired by Metavante Corporation in 2003. Following the acquisition, Scott served as Vice President of Sales for the Metavante Healthcare Solutions Group.

Scott holds a bachelor of science degree from the University of New Hampshire’s Whittemore School of Business and Economics.






 







Read Bio




Linda oversees the company’s finance management, treasury and accounting functions as well as real estate and facilities for all Welltok locations.

She most recently served as a principal with SpringBoard Strategic Advisors, leading the healthcare consulting practice. Linda spent more than a decade in senior management positions at TriZetto Corporation, including Chief Risk and Compliance Officer and interim CFO during a successful take-private transaction in 2008.

Prior to TriZetto, Linda held executive positions at Interliance, a boutique consulting firm specializing in platform enablement, CalFed Bank and South Coast Home Healthcare, where she worked closely with government-sponsored healthcare plans.

Linda holds a bachelor’s degree in business management, with an emphasis in Finance, and an MBA from the University of the Redlands, as well as a master’s of healthcare administration from the University of LaVerne.






 







Read Bio




Michelle leads all corporate marketing, product marketing, brand development, marketing communications and public relations activities for Welltok.

Michelle is a recognized as a marketing and strategy leader in the digital health space. She was most recently an Executive-in-Residence at InterWest Partners, investing in digital health companies and serving as an advisor to InterWest portfolio companies. She was also one of the early executives at Epocrates and worked for over a decade to build the company into one of the leading mobile healthcare technology companies and the most recognized technology brand among clinicians. Previously, she worked as a health strategy consultant with the Wilkerson Group and in health policy formation and implementation with the Lewin Group and the Georgetown Center for Health Policy Studies.

Michelle earned her bachelor’s degree from Carleton College and MBA from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.






 







Read Bio




Jim leads the legal, deal management, compliance and human capital management functions at Welltok.

He is an accomplished legal advisor within the healthcare industry, mastering the complexities of security, privacy and intellectual property. Jim recently served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Quality Systems, Inc., a healthcare technology company offering electronic health records, financial software and services to physician groups and community hospitals. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for TriZetto Corporation and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Long Beach Financial Corporation, a national mortgage lender.

Jim holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Southern California and a JD from Loyola Law School in Los Angeles.






 







Read Bio




Maneesh leads M&A, strategic partnership and alliances, and the CaféWell Connect partner program.

He brings a cross-disciplinary background of finance, investing, product development and engineering. Prior to joining Welltok, Maneesh was a Managing Director with Miramar Venture Partners, a leading early stage investor focusing on the information technology space. With Miramar, Maneesh led investments and was an advisor and board member for several health and consumer Internet companies. Before entering the venture world, Maneesh was an early employee with Broadcom, a Fortune 500 Company, leading product development and engineering efforts in more than a dozen communications technology solutions.

Maneesh earned a bachelor’s degree in biomedical engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute, a master’s in electrical engineering from the University of Southern California, and an MBA from the Anderson School of Management at the University of California, Los Angeles.






 







Read Bio




Chaz leads Welltok’s people function, responsible for attracting, developing and engaging a high-impact workforce dedicated to changing the way consumers experience healthcare.

Prior to joining Welltok, Chaz served as the Chief Human Capital Officer for Matrix Medical Network, a healthcare services company now part of Providence Service Corporation. Before that, he was a human resources and enterprise services executive at TriZetto Corporation where he focused on organizational effectiveness and leadership development. Chaz also served nearly 10 years in the U.S. Marine Corps achieving the rank of Gunnery Sergeant and completing two tours of duty in Iraq in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.

Chaz holds an MBA from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he also earned his bachelor of science in Finance and Accountancy degrees with highest honors.




 







Read Bio




Dave heads-up sales, sales operations and client services at Welltok. He brings over 20 years of experience in healthcare IT sales leadership in both new client footprint sales and revenue stream expansion in existing clients.

Prior to joining Welltok, Dave led all sales, account management and sales operations for Edifecs as the EVP of U.S. Sales. Dave worked at TriZetto for 14 years holding multiple positions, including solution architect, solution executive, national sales director, vice president and general manager.

Dave received a bachelor of arts degree from the University of California, Irvine and an MBA from Pepperdine University.




 

Meet Our FoundersRead More
































Welltok l Optimizing Health, Maximizing Rewards | Welltok, Optimizing Health Maximizing Rewards, Health Optimization Platform



















































































 




















Welltok l Optimizing Health, Maximizing Rewards | Welltok, Optimizing Health Maximizing Rewards, Health Optimization Platform
Health, wellness, platform, health rewards, consumer health, health optimization
4
home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-4,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,select-theme-ver-3.4,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 


Optimizing Health, Maximizing Rewards
See how Welltok optimizes consumer health… and your business
Request Demo
Join Us










Welltok’s Proud to be on the Forbes Cloud 100 List

 
Learn More



About Welltok

 


We are on a mission to empower consumers to achieve and sustain their optimal health. Our award-winning CaféWell Health Optimization Platform connects consumers with available and relevant resources, benefits and rewards using a data-driven, personalized approach. Additionally, our technology-enabled services leverage both advanced analytics and multi-channel communications to identify, target and reach consumers.

As one of the fastest growing companies in the U.S. and the leading consumer health enterprise SaaS company, we drive greater value for customers across the healthcare continuum including payers, employers, government programs (Medicare and Medicaid) and providers by increasing revenue and operational efficiencies, and improving quality of care.

 












We provide value to

 
Health PlansSupport bending healthcare trends across all lines of business
EmployersProvide a unified, highly personalized and rewarding employee experience
Government ProgramsEngage hard-to-reach Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries
ProvidersImprove employee health and provide a community health solution 

Learn More


CaféWell lets us have a relationship 365 days a year vs. one time a year around the benefit enrollment period.- Ellen ExumDirector of Health Benefits and Health Promotion Strategy and Design, IBMI think it's wonderful that my employer is taking an active investment in improving our knowledge.- Tom G.CaféWell UserWelltok has exceeded my expectations and the state-of-the art platform we now have for our members is a perfect fit. They love it.- Michelle WalkerDirector of Sales Administration and Product Development, Rocky Mountain Health PlanCaféWell allows me to easily access my benefits and resources in one place.- Bob M. CaféWell User


We deliver measurable results




Improving
Consumer Health

 
83Improved health (lost weight, more energy, reduced stress) 



Increasing Operational Efficiencies

 
30Reduction in cost per outreach



Maximizing
Revenue

 
20Higher lead conversion rates



Improving
Healthcare Value

 
20Increase in select compliance and adherence rates






























