










 




Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

A.I. Receivables Transfer Corp.
ABFC 2006-HE1 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT1 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT2 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT3 Trust
ABFC 2007-WMC1 Trust
ABFC Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-FF1
ABFC Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2005-WMC1
ACE Securities Corp Home Equity Loan Trust 2005-HE4
ACE Securities Corp Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2005-SN1
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-FM2
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-HE3
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-HE4
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-RM1
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-RM2



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016 C36




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Asset-backed securitiesAddress

301 South College Street, Charlotte, NC 28228-0166
Phone
7043832556



Sample Contracts



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(February 7th, 2017)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 7th, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of July 7, 2016 by and Between BARCLAYS
BANK PLC (Initial Note A-1 Holder) and BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial Note A-2
Holder) MALL AT TURTLE CREEK
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS ("Agreement"), dated as of July 7, 2016, by and between BARCLAYS BANK PLC ("Barclays" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-1, the "Initial Note A-1 Holder", and in its capacity as the initial agent, the "Initial Agent") and BARCLAYS BANK PLC (together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-2, the "Initial Note A-2 Holder" and together with the Initial Note A-1, the "Initial Note Holders").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of November 3, 2016 by and Between
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-1 Holder) and WELLS
FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-2 Holder) CONRAD INDIANAPOLIS
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS ("Agreement"), dated as of November 3, 2016, by and between WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("WFB" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-1 (as defined below), the "Initial Note A-1 Holder", and in its capacity as the initial agent, the "Initial Agent"), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-2 (as defined below), the "Initial Note A-2 Holder" and together with the Initial Note A-1 Holder, the "Initial Note Holders").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of November 3, 2016 by and Between
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-1-1 Holder, Initial Note
A-1-2 Holder and Initial Note A-2 Holder) and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (Initial
Note A-3 Holder and Initial Note A-4 Holder) and BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial
Note A-5 Holder) 101 Hudson ST.
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS ("Agreement"), dated as of November 3, 2016, by and between WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("WFB" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-1-1, the "Initial Note A-1-1 Holder", in its capacity as the initial owner of Note A-1-2, the "Initial Note A-1-2 Holder") and in its capacity as the initial owner of Note A-2 (the "Initial Note A-2 Holder"), and in its capacity as the initial agent (the "Initial Agent"), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. ("BOA" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-3, the "Initial Note A-3 Holder", and in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-4, the "Initial Note A-4 Holder") and BARCLAYS BANK PLC ("Barclays" together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-5, the "Initial Note A-5 Holder" and together with the Initial Note A-1-1 Holder, the Initial Note A-1-2



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AMENDED AND RESTATED CO-LENDER AGREEMENT Dated as of September 6, 2016 by and
Among WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, SOLELY IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE
IN TRUST FOR HOLDERS OF BBCMS 2016-Etc MORTGAGE TRUST, COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE
PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2016-Etc (Note A-1-A Holder, Note A-2-A
Holder, Note B-1 Holder and Note B-2 Holder) BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Note A-1-B-1
Holder, Note A-1-B-2 Holder and Note A-1-B-3 Holder) MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
(Note A-2-B Holder) Easton Town Center
(November 3rd, 2016)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CO-LENDER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of September 6, 2016, by and among WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, solely in its capacity as trustee in trust for Holders of the BBCMS 2016-ETC Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-ETC, as the Holder of Note A-1-A, Note A-2-A, Note B-1 and Note B-2, BARCLAYS BANK PLC ("Barclays"), as the Holder of Note A-1-B-1, Note A-1-B-2 and Note A-1-B-3 and MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. ("Morgan Stanley"), as the Holder of Note A-2-B.



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
CO-LENDER AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2016 Between RIALTO MORTGAGE
FINANCE, LLC (Note A-1 Holder) and RIALTO MORTGAGE FINANCE, LLC (Note A-2
Holder)
(November 3rd, 2016)
THIS CO-LENDER AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of September 16, 2016, is between RIALTO MORTGAGE FINANCE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("RMF"), having an address at 600 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10022, and, together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as the holder of Note A-1 (the "Note A-1 Holder") and RMF, and, together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as the holder of Note A-2 (the "Note A-2 Holder").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
CO-LENDER AGREEMENT Dated as of August 6, 2016 by and Between DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
NEW YORK BRANCH (Initial Note A-1 Holder), BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial Note A-2
Holder), DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH (Initial Note B-1 Holder) and
BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial Note B-2 Holder) Commercial Mortgage Loan in the
Principal Amount of $319,000,000 Secured by 555 W 5th Street and 350 South
Figueroa Street, Los Angeles, California
(November 3rd, 2016)
This CO-LENDER AGREEMENT (together with the exhibits and schedules hereto and all amendments hereof and supplements hereto, this "Agreement") is dated as of August 6, 2016, between DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH ("DB", in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-1-S1, Note A-1-S2, Note A-1-S3 and Note A-1-C described below, the "Initial Note A-1 Holder"), BARCLAYS BANK PLC ("Barclays", in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-2-S and Note A-2-C described below, the "Initial Note A-2 Holder"), DB (in its capacity as initial owner of Note B-1 described below, the "Initial Note B-1 Holder"), and Barclays (in its capacity as initial owner of Note B-2 described below, the "Initial Note B-2 Holder"; the Initial Note A-1 Holder, the Initial Note A-2 Holder, the Initial Note B-1 Holder and the Initial Note B-2 Holder are referred to collectively herein as the "Initial Note Holders").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of October 13, 2016 by and Between
BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial Note A-1 Holder) and BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Initial Note
A-2 Holder) PLAZA AMERICA I & II
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS ("Agreement"), dated as of October 13, 2016, by and between BARCLAYS BANK PLC ("Barclays" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-1, the "Initial Note A-1 Holder", and in its capacity as the initial agent, the "Initial Agent") and BARCLAYS BANK PLC (together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-2, the "Initial Note A-2 Holder" and together with the Initial Note A-1, the "Initial Note Holders").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement
(November 3rd, 2016)
This Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement"), is dated and effective as of October 21, 2016, between Basis Real Estate Capital II, LLC, as seller (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns hereunder, the "Mortgage Loan Seller" or "Seller"), Basis Investment Group LLC ("Basis Investment"), and Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., as purchaser (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns hereunder, the "Purchaser").



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of November 3, 2016 by and Between
COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC. (Initial Note A-1a Holder and Initial Note A-1b Holder),
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-2a Holder and Initial
Note A-2b Holder), and REGIONS BANK (Initial Note A-3 Holder and Initial Note
A-4 Holder) Gurnee Mills
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS (this "Agreement"), dated as of November 3, 2016 by and between COLUMN FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Column" and, together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-1A and Note A-1B described below, the "Initial Note A-1A Holder" and "Initial Note A-1B Holder" and, in its capacity as the initial agent, the "Initial Agent"), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association ("Wells" and, together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-2A and Note A-2B described below, the "Initial Note A-2A Holder" and "Initial Note A-2B Holder"), REGIONS BANK, an Alabama state banking corporation ("Regions" and, together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of Note A-3 and Note A-4 described below, the "Initial Note A-3 Holder" and "Initial Note A-4 Holder"; Initial Note A-1A Holder, Initial Note A-1B



Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
Contract
(November 3rd, 2016)




Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 –
AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS Dated as of September 29, 2016 by and Between
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-1 Holder) and WELLS
FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (Initial Note A-2 Holder) CENTRAL PARK RETAIL
(November 3rd, 2016)
This AGREEMENT BETWEEN NOTE HOLDERS ("Agreement"), dated as of September 29, 2016, by and between WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("WFB" and together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-1, the "Initial Note A-1 Holder", and in its capacity as the initial agent, the "Initial Agent"), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (together with its successors and assigns in interest, in its capacity as initial owner of the Note A-2, the "Initial Note A-2 Holder" and together with the Initial Note A-1 Holder, the "Initial Note Holders").













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








 



Fitch Assigns Final Ratings to Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Assigns Final Ratings to Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 
      2016-C36
    





November 03, 2016 12:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has assigned the following ratings and Rating Outlooks to 
      Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 commercial mortgage 
      pass-through certificates:
    

      --$41,947,000 class A-1 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$39,657,000 class A-2 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$220,000,000 class A-3 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$250,203,000 class A-4 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$48,917,000 class A-SB 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$77,236,000 class A-S 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$600,724,000b class X-A 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$120,145,000b class X-B 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$42,909,000 class B 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$36,473,000 class C 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$41,836,000ab class X-D 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$41,836,000a class D 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$9,118,000ac class E-1 'BB+sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$9,118,000ac class E-2 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$18,236,000ac class E 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$8,582,000ac class F 'B-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$26,818,000ac class EF 'B-sf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      a) Privately placed pursuant to Rule 144A.
    

      b) Notional amount and interest-only.
    

      c) The class E-1 and E-2 certificates may be exchanged for a related 
      amount of class E certificates, and the class E certificates may be 
      exchanged for a ratable portion of class E-1 and E-2 certificates. 
      Additionally, a holder of class E-1, E-2, F-1 and F-2 certificates may 
      exchange such classes of certificates (on an aggregate basis) for a 
      related amount of class EF certificates, and a holder of class EF 
      certificates may exchange that class EF for a ratable portion of each 
      class of the class E-1, E-2, F-1 and F-2 certificates. A holder of class 
      E-1, E-2, F-1, F-2, G-1 and G-2 certificates may exchange such classes 
      of certificates (on an aggregate basis) for a related amount of class 
      EFG certificates, and a holder of class EFG certificates may exchange 
      that class EFG for a ratable portion of each class of the class E-1, 
      E-2, F-1, F-2, G-1 and G-2 certificates.
    

      Fitch does not rate the following classes:
    

      --$4,291,000ac class F-1;
    

      --$4,291,000ac class F-2;
    

      --$6,098,000ac class G-1;
    

      --$6,098,000ac class G-2;
    

      --$12,196,000ac class G;
    

      --$39,014,000ac class EFG;
    

      --$9,992,979ac class H-1;
    

      --$9,992,979ac class H-2;
    

      --$19,985,958ac class H.
    

      The ratings are based on information provided by the issuer as of Nov. 
      3, 2016.
    

      The certificates represent the beneficial ownership interest in the 
      trust, primary assets of which are 73 loans secured by 98 commercial 
      properties having an aggregate principal balance of $858,177,959 as of 
      the cut-off date. The loans were contributed to the trust by Barclays 
      Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, C-III Commercial 
      Mortgage LLC, Rialto Mortgage Finance, LLC, National Cooperative Bank, 
      N.A., The Bancorp Bank, and Basis Real Estate Capital II, LLC.
    

      Fitch reviewed a comprehensive sample of the transaction's collateral, 
      including site inspections on 83.1% of the properties by balance and 
      asset summary reviews and cash flow analysis of 83.9% of the pool.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      Lower Fitch Leverage: The pool's leverage statistics are lower than 
      those of other recent Fitch-rated, fixed-rate multiborrower 
      transactions. The pool's Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of 1.38x and 101.5%, 
      respectively, are better than the YTD 2016 average Fitch DSCR and Fitch 
      LTV of 1.19x and 105.8%, respectively. Only 3.1% of the pool has a Fitch 
      Stressed DSCR below 1.00x, better than the YTD 2016 average of 22.9%. 
      Excluding credit opinion loans and loans secured by multifamily 
      cooperative properties, the pool's Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV is 1.20x and 
      110.2%, respectively.
    

      Co-Op Collateral: The pool contains 10 loans (8.4%) secured by 
      multifamily cooperatives. Nine of the co-ops are located within the 
      greater New York City metro area, with the remaining co-op located in 
      Suffolk County, Long Island. The weighted average Fitch DSCR and Fitch 
      LTV of the co-op loans are 2.91x and 54.1%, respectively.
    

      Investment Grade Credit Opinion Loans: Two of the loans in the pool, 
      Easton Town Center (5.2%) and Gas Company Tower & World Trade Center 
      Parking Garage (1.7%) have investment-grade credit opinions. Easton Town 
      Center has an investment-grade credit opinion of 'A+sf*' on a 
      stand-alone basis, and Gas Company Tower & World Trade Center Parking 
      Garage has an investment-grade credit opinion of 'Asf*' on a stand-alone 
      basis. The two loans have a weighted average Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of 
      1.64x and 54.3%, respectively.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      For this transaction, Fitch's net cash flow (NCF) was 8.8% below the 
      most recent year's net operating income (NOI; for properties for which a 
      full-year NOI was provided, excluding properties that were stabilizing 
      during this period). Unanticipated further declines in property-level 
      NCF could result in higher defaults and loss severities on defaulted 
      loans and in potential rating actions on the certificates.
    

      Fitch evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings assigned to WFCM 2016-C36 
      certificates and found that the transaction displays average sensitivity 
      to further declines in NCF. In a scenario in which NCF declined a 
      further 20% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 'AAAsf' 
      certificates to 'A-sf' could occur. In a more severe scenario, in which 
      NCF declined a further 30% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 
      'AAAsf' certificates to 'BBBsf' could occur. The presale report includes 
      a detailed explanation of additional stresses and sensitivities on page 
      11.
    

      USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10
    

      Fitch was provided with Form ABS Due Diligence-15E (Form 15E) as 
      prepared by Deloitte & Touche, LLP. The third-party due
    

      diligence described in Form 15E focused on a comparison and 
      re-computation of certain characteristics with respect to each of the 
      mortgage loans. Fitch considered this information in its analysis and it 
      did not have an impact on Fitch's analysis or conclusions.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 
      Sep 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006


      Criteria for Analyzing Large Loans in U.S. Commercial Mortgage 
      Transactions (pub. 18 Aug 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885802


      Criteria for Analyzing Multiborrower U.S. and Canadian Commercial 
      Mortgage Transactions (pub. 01 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882237


      Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance 
      Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130


      Rating Criteria for Structured Finance Servicers (pub. 01 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/884140


      Rating Criteria for U.S. Commercial Mortgage Servicers (pub. 14 Feb 2014)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/735382


      U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. 
      Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395


      Related Research
    

      Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 -- Appendixhttps://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/889228


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1014272


      ABS Due Diligence Form 15E 1https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf15E_frame.cfm?pr_id=1014272&flm_nm=15e_1014272_1.pdf


      Solicitation Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1014272


      Endorsement Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/regulatory


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third-party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Derek Shimeck, +1-312-368-3192Associate 
      DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 West Madison Ave.Chicago, 
      IL 60602orSecondary Analyst:Clement Okeke, 
      +1-312-606-2323Associate DirectororCommittee 
      Chairperson:Lauren Cerda, +1-312-606-2317Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278New Yorksandro.scenga@fitchratings.com















Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary Analyst:Derek Shimeck, +1-312-368-3192Associate 
      DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 West Madison Ave.Chicago, 
      IL 60602orSecondary Analyst:Clement Okeke, 
      +1-312-606-2323Associate DirectororCommittee 
      Chairperson:Lauren Cerda, +1-312-606-2317Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278New Yorksandro.scenga@fitchratings.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Contact - Obduro Capital LLC




































	319-270-3760














								Home
							



								About Us
							





			Who We Are
		





			How We Work
		







								Products
							





			Commercial Mortgage Loans
		





			SBA & USDA Loans
		





			Hard Money Loans
		





			Ag Loans
		





			Single Family Portfolios
		





			Alternative Finance
		>






			Construction Loans
		





			Business Loans
		





			Asset Based Loans
		





			Mezzanine Financing
		





			Private Equity
		





			Equipment Leasing
		





			EB-5 Immigrant Investment
		










								News & Tools
							





			Recent Transactions
		





			Calculators & Rates
		







								Brokers
							



								Contact
							

























Contact Us
Please submit the form below to learn more about our products and services. We look forward to fielding your inquiries, answering your questions, and working with you to meet your commercial financing needs.









Application Form

Name *



First



Last





Email *






Phone *






Property Type *






Property Address *






City *






State *






Loan Amount Requested *






Details of Loan Request *














Submit



 
Email: cjperry@obdurocapital.comPhone: 319.270.3760Obduro Capital LLC517 2nd Street, Suite 7Coralville, IA 52241  
 
















cjperry@obdurocapital.com
 
319-270-3760
 



















✕







Wells Fargo – Banking, Credit Cards, Loans, Insurance, Mortgages & More
















Skip to main content









 Enroll

Customer Service


ATMs/Locations


Español



Search

Enter search term, then press down arrow to navigate suggestions


















We're sorry, but some features of our site require JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript on your browser and refresh the page. Learn More





            Wells Fargo Personal





View Your Accounts


Go to

Account Summary
Transfer
Bill Pay
Brokerage
Trade
Messages and Alerts



Username



Password




Save usernameOpens a dialog







Forgot Password/Username? 











Enroll Now
Fraud Information Center
Privacy, Cookies, and Security



Notice
For your security, we do not recommend using this feature on a shared device.











Member FDIC
Simplified banking
Everyday Checking provides convenience and fast access. Open in minutes.
Start Now >













Keeping you informed
Actions we’re taking to make things right for our customers
Read the latest update >













Innovation. Security. Convenience.
Building better every day.
Learn More >
















            
            Estimate how much to borrow
        









            
            Find your credit card
        









            
            Free online budgeting tools

        






Make An Appointment

Location   







Check Today’s Rates

Check Rates 
Mortgage
Home Equity
CDs
Credit Card
Auto Loans
Student Loans
Personal Loans
All Rates
 








Banking



Accounts and Services


Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit and Prepaid Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services



 

Online Banking
Online Bill Pay
Transfers
Online Statements
Mobile Banking
Identity Theft Protection





Your Financial Goals


Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Protect What Counts
Planning for Retirement
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service




Loans and Credit



Accounts and Services


Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Lines and Loans



 

Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards





Your Financial Goals


Home Lending
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Auto Loan Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts




Insurance



Products and Services


Insurance Overview
Auto Insurance
Specialty Vehicle Insurance



 

Homeowners Insurance
Umbrella Liability Insurance





Your Financial Goals


Protect What Counts
Borrowing and Credit
Planning for Retirement
Home Lending




Popular Links


Small Business Insurance
Commercial Insurance




Investing and Retirement



Ways to Invest


Invest Online
Invest With Guidance
Invest in Mutual Funds
Compare Ways to Invest




Investing Solutions


IRAs
Investment Services
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education





Your Financial Goals


Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics




Popular Links


Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Compare IRAs
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On




Wealth Management



Wealth Services


The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services




Wealth Solutions


Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment Management
Specialized Wealth Services
Trust Services





Wealth Advice & Guidance


Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations Magazine




Next Step


Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing




Rewards and Benefits



Go Far™ Rewards


Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards




Relationship Program


Customer Relationship Overview





Your Financial Goals


Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Fraud Information Center




Popular Links


Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards









Borrowing and Credit





Banking Made Easy





Retirement





Home Lending





Going to College





Investing Basics





Protect What Counts®





Fraud Information Center









See how we can help you achieve your goals
Explore your credit options






How to establish credit >






Calculate your debt-to-income ratio >






Consolidate your debt >



Go to Borrowing and Credit








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Bank wherever life takes you






Simplify the way you pay >




 Bank on the go with your mobile device >

Bank on the go with your mobile device >




 Get account alerts >

Get account alerts >



Go to Banking Made Easy








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Take control of your retirement






Get the basics of retirement >






Plan for retirement income >






Manage money in retirement >



Go to Retirement Planning








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Homeownership, simplified






Buy a home >






Compare your loan options >






Refinance your mortgage >



Go to Home Lending








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Planning and paying for college






Learn about financial aid >






Explore private student loans >






Manage your money while in school >



Visit Going to College








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Pursue your investing goals






Understand investment types >






Compare ways to invest >






To save or to invest? >



Go to Investing Basics








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Safeguard yourself, and your assets, family, and identity






Learn the basics of insurance >






Get auto coverage >






Insure your home >



Protect What Counts








See how we can help you achieve your goals
Take action to help safeguard your accounts






Report fraud and suspicious activity >






Change your username and password often >






Recognize common scams >



Learn More About Fraud Prevention















Make saving a habit
Reach your financial goals with a savings account
Start Now




Suggested for you









Review your FICO® Credit Score
Free for eligible Wells Fargo consumer credit customers










Learn about your credit options
Let’s talk about your personalized My Credit Options Guide®










Questions about an old 401(k)?
Let’s talk about your options










Serving our customers and communities
It doesn’t happen with one transaction, in one day, or in one quarter. It’s earned relationship by relationship.

Our Vision and Values >
Who We Are >
Corporate Social Responsibility >
Wells Fargo Stories >













 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Yahoo News - Latest News & HeadlinesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Border agents face scrutiny in Mexican teen's deathGovernment surveillance video shows border officers apparently encouraging or permitting the teen to drink liquid meth.Violated protocols? »3,276people reactingWhite House says Trump will sign Russia sanctionsYellowstone to punish workers for misconductHackers join bid to uncover election vulnerabilitiesMarine veteran criticizes Trump's war strategyBig test for 'Putin's favorite congressman'PoliticsYahoo NewsMcConnell lashes out at GOP defectors, Democrats in aftermath of 'disappointing' health care voteAn angry Sen. Mitch McConnell rebuked Democrats and Republicans who voted against the GOP health care plan early Friday morning. “This is clearly a disappointing moment,” said the Senate Majority Leader after a vote on the Republicans’ “skinny repeal” of Obamacare fell 49-51. In a speech that began at 1:39 a.m. ET, McConnell stated that Republicans had run on repealing Obamacare for seven years.Everyone's tweeting the dramatic moment John McCain killed Obamacare repealMashableTrump Wants To Blow Up Senate Rules After Obamacare Repeal Push CollapsesTalking Points Memo5,716Reactions. Click to view reactionsSponsoredAmica®Drivers Expect More With Amica® Auto InsuranceAward-winning service. Complete coverage. Plenty of money-saving discounts. Click to get a free quote today!PoliticsYahoo NewsCongressional Budget Office showdown: GOP tries to shoot the messenger, missesRep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, is stopped by reporters as he passes by the Senate. When Congress created the Congressional Budget Office in 1974 to rein in President Nixon’s abuse of power, Steve Bell was a Republican staffer on Capitol Hill involved in the process. The Republican-controlled House overwhelmingly on Wednesday rejected a proposal to neuter the CBO by removing its budget analysis division, by a vote of 309-to-116.House Conservatives Move to Abolish Congressional Budget OfficeNewsweekPolitics Prevents CT Budget VoteWallingford, CT PatchPoliticsYahoo ViewMeet "The Mooch": Who Is Anthony Scaramucci?Donald Trump named Anthony Scaramucci his new White House communications director, despite his lack of communications experience.Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three yearsDaily MailAnthony Scaramucci is flooding the media with nonsensical, idiotic comparisonsMedia Matters for AmericaYahoo News ExclusivesKatie CouricSeth Moulton thinks Democrats need ‘new generation’ of leadershipMichael IsikoffRussian-American lobbyist: I just strolled into Trump Jr. meetingMatt BaiTrump to Sessions: ‘You’re kind of fired! (Maybe.)’








 















Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36

Moody's Org ID:725199838







Moody's Org ID:725199838

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties



                                    Due Diligence Reports







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 7
Of 
        7


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Data Report
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    07 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to Seven CMBS Classes of Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Nov 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    WFCM 2016-C36 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS - Conduit Fusion v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C36: Pre-Sale - Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C36





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    Data Report
                













                                    WFCM 2016-C36 Top Ten Cash Flows





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    Data Report
                













                                    WFCM 2016-C36 Excel Interactive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to Seven CMBS Classes of Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    WFCM 2016-C36 Deal v1.0 Compared To CMBS - Conduit Fusion v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 7
Of 
        7


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































Yahoo News - Latest News & HeadlinesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Border agents face scrutiny in Mexican teen's deathGovernment surveillance video shows border officers apparently encouraging or permitting the teen to drink liquid meth.Violated protocols? »3,276people reactingWhite House says Trump will sign Russia sanctionsYellowstone to punish workers for misconductHackers join bid to uncover election vulnerabilitiesMarine veteran criticizes Trump's war strategyBig test for 'Putin's favorite congressman'PoliticsYahoo NewsMcCain’s ‘no’ vote on GOP health bill elicits gasps in Senate chamberSen. John McCain, R-Ariz., shocked his conservative colleagues early Friday morning by defying President Trump to cast the decisive vote against the Republican Party’s bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. With Democrats firmly opposed, the GOP could afford only two Republican defections to gut Obamacare. When McCain, who was recently diagnosed with brain cancer, walked onto the Senate floor about 1:30 a.m. and voted “no” with a thumbs-down, the shock was palpable.Watch the Moment John McCain Voted Against the Obamacare 'Skinny Repeal'TimeAfter Senate rejects 'skinny repeal' bill: Hollywood and DC have a lot to say on TwitterSan Francisco Chronicle8,134Reactions. Click to view reactionsSponsoredCompareCards.comTop 10 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent CreditBanks are offering insane deals to people with great credit. Take advantage of huge sign up bonuses, unlimited miles, 0% intro APR for up to 21 monthsResults Are In: See The Best Credit Cards of 2017CompareCards.com2 Cards Charging 0% Interest Until 2019CompareCards.comPoliticsYahoo NewsCongressional Budget Office showdown: GOP tries to shoot the messenger, missesRep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, is stopped by reporters as he passes by the Senate. When Congress created the Congressional Budget Office in 1974 to rein in President Nixon’s abuse of power, Steve Bell was a Republican staffer on Capitol Hill involved in the process. The Republican-controlled House overwhelmingly on Wednesday rejected a proposal to neuter the CBO by removing its budget analysis division, by a vote of 309-to-116.House Conservatives Move to Abolish Congressional Budget OfficeNewsweekPolitics Prevents CT Budget VoteWallingford, CT PatchNewsAFPMS-13: a ruthless Latino gang that preys on its ownThe ultra-violent Latino street gang MS-13, which President Trump vowed to wipe out in a speech in suburban New York on Friday, is estimated to have some 10,000 members in the United States. Each of these units is loyal to the broader gang but has its own leader and functions differently, says Hector Silva of Insight Crime, a Washington-based center that studies organized crime in Latin America. Many were born in the United States.Trump: MS-13 'Transformed Peaceful Parks into Killing Fields'Fox News InsiderPresident Trump Heads to Long Island to Talk About MS-13 Gang ViolenceWPIX - New YorkYahoo News ExclusivesKatie CouricSeth Moulton thinks Democrats need ‘new generation’ of leadershipMichael IsikoffRussian-American lobbyist: I just strolled into Trump Jr. meetingMatt BaiTrump to Sessions: ‘You’re kind of fired! (Maybe.)’















INITIAL PRICING: Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2016-C36































  


















Remember Me

















HomeTop NewsRegional DigestsMidwest DigestMidwest ArchiveMid-Atlantic DigestMid-Atlantic ArchiveNortheast DigestNortheast ArchiveSouth Central DigestSouth Central ArchiveSoutheast DigestSoutheast ArchiveWest DigestWest ArchiveCMBSPipelineUpcoming/Priced Deals20172016201520142013201220112010Fixed2009Fixed2008Fixed2007FixedFloating2006FixedFloating2005FixedFloating2004FixedFloating2003FixedFloating2002FixedFloating2001FixedFloating2000FixedFloating1999FixedFloatingCMBS Pricing MatrixDatabase201420132012201120102009200820072006200520042003200220012000Special ServicingRankingsB-Piece Buyers201520142013201220112010200720062004Bookrunners20152014201320122011200820072006200520042003200220012000Lenders201520142013200620052004DelinquencyCMBS Issuance DataCRE DataREIT DebtREIT Unsecured DebtLoan SalesOfferingsFDIC Loan-Sales ResultsSales DatabaseRatesSign Up






Follow: 


















 






Advanced Search






Daily market intelligence on mortgages, equity raising, investment sales, and CMBS.




















			Friday, 21 October 2016		


						
	  	INITIAL PRICING: Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2016-C36
	  


			Written by 
						Orest Mandzy








font size

decrease font size



increase font size






Print





Email









Rate this item



1
2
3
4
5

(0 votes)













Class
Amt $mln
Sub Level%
Avg Life (yrs)
Rating Fitch 
Rating Moody's 
Rating MStar 
Pricing %
Yield%
Final Pricing (bp)
Bnch mark


A-1
41.95
30.00
2.44
AAA
Aaa
AAA
100.000
1.434
+34
swaps


A-2
39.66
30.00
4.79
AAA
Aaa
AAA
102.999
1.835
+58
swaps


A-3
220.00
30.00
9.70
AAA
Aaa
AAA
101.000
2.692
+113
swaps


A-4
250.20
30.00
9.91
AAA
Aaa
AAA
102.997
2.722
+115
swaps


A-SB
48.92
30.00
7.05
AAA
Aaa
AAA
102.999
2.463
+105
swaps


A-S
77.24
21.00
9.95
AAA
Aa3
AAA
102.998
3.073
+150
swaps


B
42.91
16.00
9.95
AA-
NR
AA
102.997
3.323
+175
swaps


C
36.47
11.75
9.95
A-
NR
A
98.617
4.423
+285
swaps


D
41.84
6.875
9.95
BBB-
NR
BBB
 
7.573
+600
swaps


E-1
9.12
5.813
9.95
BB+
NR
BBB
 
 
 
Treas


E-2
9.12
4.75
9.95
BB-
NR
BB+
 
 
 
Treas


E
18.24
4.75
9.95
BB-
NR
BB+
 
 
 
Treas


F-1
4.29
4.25
9.95
NR
NR
BB
 
 
 
Treas


F-2
4.29
3.75
9.95
NR
NR
BB-
 
 
 
Treas


F
8.58
3.75
9.95
B-
NR
BB-
 
 
 
Treas


EF
26.82
3.75
9.95
B-
NR
BB-
 
 
 
Treas


G-1
6.10
3.039
9.95
NR
NR
B
 
 
 
Treas


G-2
6.10
2.329
9.95
NR
NR
B-
 
 
 
Treas


G
12.20
2.329
9.95
NR
NR
B-
 
 
 
Treas


EFG
39.01
2.329
9.95
NR
NR
B-
 
 
 
Treas


H-1
9.99
1.164
9.95
NR
NR
NR
 
 
 
Treas


H-2
9.99
0.00
9.97
NR
NR
NR
 
 
 
Treas


H
19.99
0.00
9.96
NR
NR
NR
 
 
 
Treas


X-A
600.72*
NA
NA
AAA
Aaa
AAA
9.527
3.794 
+215 
Treas


X-B
120.15*
NA
NA
AA-
NR
AAA
 
 
 
Treas


X-D
41.84*
NA
NA
BBB-
NR
AAA
 
 
 
Treas



*Notional amount, interest only
Pricing Date: 21 Oct., 2016
Collateral balance: $858.18 million 
Trepp/BBG Ticker: WFCM 2016-C36
Bookrunner(s): Wells Fargo Securities (69 percent of deal balance), Barclays Capital (31 percent)
Lead Managers: Wells Fargo Securities, Barclays Capital
Co-managers: Academy Securities, Citigroup
B-Piece Buyer: C-III Investment Management (C-III High Yield Real Estate Debt Fund IV)
Master Servicer: Wells Fargo Bank
Special Servicer: C-III Asset Management/National Cooperative Bank
Certificate Administrator: Wells Fargo Bank
Trustee: Wilmington Trust
Operating Adviser: Park Bridge Lender Services
Asset Representations Reviewer: Park Bridge Lender Services
Originators: Barclays Bank (31 percent of pool balance), Wells Fargo Bank (28.2 percent), C-III Commercial Mortgage (12 percent), Rialto Mortgage Finance (11.4 percent), National Cooperative Bank (8.4 percent), Bancorp Bank (5.4 percent), Basis Real Estate Capital (3.6 percent)
Number of Loans/Properties: 73/98
Top-10 Concentration: 50.8 percent
Property Types: Retail (30.6 percent of pool balance), office (23.8 percent), hotels (15.4 percent), multifamily (12.9 percent), manufactured housing community (6.6 percent), industrial (5.5 percent), self storage (4.9 percent), mixed use (0.3 percent)
Underwritten DSCR:...


Log In or 
				Subscribe to read more...





“The Weekly”
“The Weekly” is Commercial Real Estate Direct’s PDF newsletter, sent to subscribers every Friday morning. With over 100 news stories published on Commercial Real Estate Direct each week, “The Weekly” features the top stories in commercial real estate that industry participants need to know first. “The Weekly” also contains:

Breaking mortgage, CMBS, and REIT news

Quarterly league tables with rankings of B-piece buyers, book runners, and lenders

Industry moves and changes in “The Insider“

Sign Up for a Trial
 



Additional Info


Syndicate to Realpoint:
No


Subject:
CMBS Pricing (PRICE)


Deal Name:
Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2016-C36


Private:
Yes


bloombergDealName:
WFCM 2016-C36







				Read 434 times			


				Last modified on Tuesday, 25 October 2016			










Tweet

















Published in
General








Orest Mandzy








Latest from Orest Mandzy


INITIAL PRICING: CGMS Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2017-MDDR


Highland Capital Enters Alternative-Lending Biz


INITIAL PRICING: CD, 2017-CD5


NCREIF Total Return Index Changes Direction and Increases Slightly in 2Q


Historic St. Louis Hotel Sold; $104Mln Mixed-Use Development Slated







More in this category:

			« Modified $62.1Mln CMBS Loan Against N.J. Offices Moves to Special Servicing Again		

			HNA to Buy 25 Percent Stake in Hilton Worldwide for $6.5Bln »
		





			back to top		








Data Digest






 
CMBS DELINQUENCY VOLUME



 
CMBS SPECIAL SERVICING VOLUME




  


Top Bookrunners Domestic, Private-Label CMBS - 2016


Investment Bank
#Deals
Vol$mln
MktShr%


JPMorgan Securities
14.94
10,350.16
15.14


Deutsche Bank
14.21
9,926.60
14.52


Wells Fargo Securities
13.36
9,513.96
13.92


Citigroup
10.87
8,061.79
11.80


Goldman Sachs
10.05
7,563.72
11.07







 
MOODY'S/RCA CPPI
 

 
 


CMBS 2.0 Spreads




   


Top CMBS Loan Contributors - 2016


Lender
#Loans
Vol$mln
MktShr%


JPMorgan Chase Bank
133.67
8,670.33
13.34


Goldman Sachs
156.20
7,418.37
11.41


Deutsche Bank
178.17
6,510.75
10.02


Citigroup
184.41
5,512.20
8.48


Morgan Stanley
113.18
4,130.53
6.35



 
 



















&lt;A href=&quot;http://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/click/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;lookup=true&amp;position=1&quot; mce_href=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/click/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;lookup=true&amp;position=1&quot; target=&quot;_top&quot;&gt; &lt;IMG src=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/view/banner/image/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;position=1&quot; mce_src=&quot;https://crenews.advertserve.com/servlet/view/banner/image/zone?zid=31&amp;pid=0&amp;position=1&quot; height=&quot;300&quot; width=&quot;250&quot; hspace=&quot;0&quot; vspace=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;Click Here!&quot;&gt; &lt;/A&gt;
 


REITCafe


Challenging Retail Environment Weights on REITsMixed economic news is weighing on retail markets, pushing REIT performance down in 2015. This week, the National Retail Federation announced that back-to-school spending is expected to be down 9.3% in 2015. This news came on the heels of a report from the Commerce Department stating that retail sales declined 0.3%... 
US REITs Feeling Effects from Turmoil in Greece and ChinaInternational economic forces have taken center stage this week, affecting both US stock markets and REITs. The crash in the Chinese stock market and ongoing concerns about the future of Greece in the eurozone drove markets down during the first half of the week. REITs fared better than the overall market...
What Does Increased Construction Mean for Apartment REITs?REITs so far this year have raised $17.1 billion of capital through the sale of unsecured notes, bringing the total raised over the past two and a half years to just more than $75 billion. That’s more than they raised during the previous five years. The massive volume shouldn’t be a surprise as it comes while the yield from 10-year Treasury bonds, the benchmark...

shouldn’t be a surprise as it comes while the yield from 10-year Treasury bonds, the benchmark against which most REIT’s price their bonds








Weekly Archive




								Jul 24 - Aug 11
							


								Jul 17 - Aug 04
							


								Jul 10 - 28
							


								Jul 03 - 21
							


								Jun 26 - Jul 14
							
 

				More
			
























 









LoginAdvertising InfoAbout UsContact UsSign UpTerms


Regional Digest

MidwestMid-AtlanticNortheastSouth CentralSoutheastWest


CMBS

Priced DealsUpcoming DealsDatabaseCMBS Pricing MatrixSpecial ServicingRankingDelinquencyCMBS Issuance Data


CRE Data

REIT DebtREITCafeLoan Sales



Sales DatabaseRatesAdvanced Search



©1999-2017 Commercial Real Estate Direct.All rights reserved.










warehouse-backstage




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Fitch Assigns Final Ratings to Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballFitch Assigns Final Ratings to Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36Business WireNovember 3, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareCHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has assigned the following ratings and Rating Outlooks to Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 commercial mortgage pass-through certificates:--$41,947,000 class A-1 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$39,657,000 class A-2 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$220,000,000 class A-3 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$250,203,000 class A-4 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$48,917,000 class A-SB 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$77,236,000 class A-S 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$600,724,000b class X-A 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--$120,145,000b class X-B 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$42,909,000 class B 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$36,473,000 class C 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$41,836,000ab class X-D 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$41,836,000a class D 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$9,118,000ac class E-1 'BB+sf'; Outlook Stable;--$9,118,000ac class E-2 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$18,236,000ac class E 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$8,582,000ac class F 'B-sf'; Outlook Stable;--$26,818,000ac class EF 'B-sf'; Outlook Stable.a) Privately placed pursuant to Rule 144A.b) Notional amount and interest-only.c) The class E-1 and E-2 certificates may be exchanged for a related amount of class E certificates, and the class E certificates may be exchanged for a ratable portion of class E-1 and E-2 certificates. Additionally, a holder of class E-1, E-2, F-1 and F-2 certificates may exchange such classes of certificates (on an aggregate basis) for a related amount of class EF certificates, and a holder of class EF certificates may exchange that class EF for a ratable portion of each class of the class E-1, E-2, F-1 and F-2 certificates. A holder of class E-1, E-2, F-1, F-2, G-1 and G-2 certificates may exchange such classes of certificates (on an aggregate basis) for a related amount of class EFG certificates, and a holder of class EFG certificates may exchange that class EFG for a ratable portion of each class of the class E-1, E-2, F-1, F-2, G-1 and G-2 certificates.Fitch does not rate the following classes:--$4,291,000ac class F-1;--$4,291,000ac class F-2;--$6,098,000ac class G-1;--$6,098,000ac class G-2;--$12,196,000ac class G;--$39,014,000ac class EFG;--$9,992,979ac class H-1;--$9,992,979ac class H-2;--$19,985,958ac class H.The ratings are based on information provided by the issuer as of Nov. 3, 2016.The certificates represent the beneficial ownership interest in the trust, primary assets of which are 73 loans secured by 98 commercial properties having an aggregate principal balance of $858,177,959 as of the cut-off date. The loans were contributed to the trust by Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC, Rialto Mortgage Finance, LLC, National Cooperative Bank, N.A., The Bancorp Bank, and Basis Real Estate Capital II, LLC.Fitch reviewed a comprehensive sample of the transaction's collateral, including site inspections on 83.1% of the properties by balance and asset summary reviews and cash flow analysis of 83.9% of the pool.KEY RATING DRIVERSLower Fitch Leverage: The pool's leverage statistics are lower than those of other recent Fitch-rated, fixed-rate multiborrower transactions. The pool's Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of 1.38x and 101.5%, respectively, are better than the YTD 2016 average Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of 1.19x and 105.8%, respectively. Only 3.1% of the pool has a Fitch Stressed DSCR below 1.00x, better than the YTD 2016 average of 22.9%. Excluding credit opinion loans and loans secured by multifamily cooperative properties, the pool's Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV is 1.20x and 110.2%, respectively.Co-Op Collateral: The pool contains 10 loans (8.4%) secured by multifamily cooperatives. Nine of the co-ops are located within the greater New York City metro area, with the remaining co-op located in Suffolk County, Long Island. The weighted average Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of the co-op loans are 2.91x and 54.1%, respectively.Investment Grade Credit Opinion Loans: Two of the loans in the pool, Easton Town Center (5.2%) and Gas Company Tower & World Trade Center Parking Garage (1.7%) have investment-grade credit opinions. Easton Town Center has an investment-grade credit opinion of 'A+sf*' on a stand-alone basis, and Gas Company Tower & World Trade Center Parking Garage has an investment-grade credit opinion of 'Asf*' on a stand-alone basis. The two loans have a weighted average Fitch DSCR and Fitch LTV of 1.64x and 54.3%, respectively.Read MoreRATING SENSITIVITIESFor this transaction, Fitch's net cash flow (NCF) was 8.8% below the most recent year's net operating income (NOI; for properties for which a full-year NOI was provided, excluding properties that were stabilizing during this period). Unanticipated further declines in property-level NCF could result in higher defaults and loss severities on defaulted loans and in potential rating actions on the certificates.Fitch evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings assigned to WFCM 2016-C36 certificates and found that the transaction displays average sensitivity to further declines in NCF. In a scenario in which NCF declined a further 20% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 'AAAsf' certificates to 'A-sf' could occur. In a more severe scenario, in which NCF declined a further 30% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 'AAAsf' certificates to 'BBBsf' could occur. The presale report includes a detailed explanation of additional stresses and sensitivities on page 11.USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10Fitch was provided with Form ABS Due Diligence-15E (Form 15E) as prepared by Deloitte & Touche, LLP. The third-party duediligence described in Form 15E focused on a comparison and re-computation of certain characteristics with respect to each of the mortgage loans. Fitch considered this information in its analysis and it did not have an impact on Fitch's analysis or conclusions.Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.Applicable CriteriaCounterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 Sep 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006Criteria for Analyzing Large Loans in U.S. Commercial Mortgage Transactions (pub. 18 Aug 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885802Criteria for Analyzing Multiborrower U.S. and Canadian Commercial Mortgage Transactions (pub. 01 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882237Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130Rating Criteria for Structured Finance Servicers (pub. 01 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/884140Rating Criteria for U.S. Commercial Mortgage Servicers (pub. 14 Feb 2014)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/735382U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395Related ResearchWells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C36 -- Appendixhttps://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/889228Additional DisclosuresDodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1014272ABS Due Diligence Form 15E 1https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf15E_frame.cfm?pr_id=1014272&flm_nm=15e_1014272_1.pdfSolicitation Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1014272Endorsement Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/regulatoryALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE.Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third-party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed.The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers.For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161103006318/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSpanish Economy Expands at Fastest Pace in Almost Two YearsBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredS&P Gets Positive on Best Buybarrons.comChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersEnter A Name, Wait 10 Seconds, Brace YourselfTruth FinderSponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beTrump, vowing gang crackdown, urges cops ‘don’t be too nice’Chance: Beating up on suspects -- even if they're GUILTY -- is a sure way to get charges thrown out.  So I hope police DO NOT listen to Trump.  Just continue proper police practices and use good judgement.  America supports you.Join the Conversation1 / 52.9k








