












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.













Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC Buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Sells ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC Buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Sells ...


February 10, 2017, 09:38:01 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Wellesley Investment Partners, LLCNew Purchases: NKE , SLB , APD , CVX, CL, GIS, ITW, SJM, VB, VEU,Added Positions:VEA, IVV, BSV, AGG, IJH, IEF, SCHD, SCPB, CAH, ITR,Reduced Positions:ABT, QQQ, TU, SPY, NGG, EMR, BND, GSK, HRB, BRK.B,Sold Out:KO, NEE, ADNT, ASIX,For the details of Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Wellesley+Investment+Partners%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Wellesley Investment Partners, LLCiShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 90,643 shares, 10% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 7.10%Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets ( VEA ) - 543,525 shares, 9.74% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 7.47%Vanguard Short-Term Bond ( BSV ) - 242,715 shares, 9.45% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 6.45%iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap ( IJH ) - 94,472 shares, 7.66% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 3.93%Schwab US Dividend Equity ( SCHD ) - 215,901 shares, 4.61% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.52%New Purchase: Nike Inc (NKE)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in Nike Inc. The purchase prices were between $49.62 and $52.67, with an estimated average price of $51.3. The stock is now traded at around $55.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 7,330 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Schlumberger Ltd (SLB)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in Schlumberger Ltd. The purchase prices were between $77.76 and $86.38, with an estimated average price of $81.96. The stock is now traded at around $81.21. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 3,374 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Air Products & Chemicals Inc (APD)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in Air Products & Chemicals Inc. The purchase prices were between $132.26 and $149.64, with an estimated average price of $139.95. The stock is now traded at around $138.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 1,983 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Chevron Corp (CVX)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in Chevron Corp. The purchase prices were between $99.92 and $118.77, with an estimated average price of $108.9. The stock is now traded at around $112.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 2,243 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Colgate-Palmolive Co (CL)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in Colgate-Palmolive Co. The purchase prices were between $64.63 and $73.62, with an estimated average price of $68.57. The stock is now traded at around $66.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 3,980 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: General Mills Inc (GIS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in General Mills Inc. The purchase prices were between $60.59 and $63.88, with an estimated average price of $61.95. The stock is now traded at around $63.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 4,059 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Cardinal Health Inc (CAH)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Cardinal Health Inc by 41.52%. The purchase prices were between $65.17 and $76.71, with an estimated average price of $72.29. The stock is now traded at around $77.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 11,660 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Walt Disney Co (DIS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Walt Disney Co by 25.59%. The purchase prices were between $90.83 and $105.56, with an estimated average price of $97.5. The stock is now traded at around $109.49. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 10,111 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Goldman Sachs Group Inc by 30.66%. The purchase prices were between $161.07 and $243.09, with an estimated average price of $203.06. The stock is now traded at around $241.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 3,205 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Duke Energy Corp (DUK)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Duke Energy Corp by 50.45%. The purchase prices were between $72.75 and $80.02, with an estimated average price of $76.59. The stock is now traded at around $77.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 6,006 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Nielsen Holdings PLC (NLSN)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Nielsen Holdings PLC by 50.33%. The purchase prices were between $41.95 and $54.93, with an estimated average price of $45.95. The stock is now traded at around $43.18. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 11,081 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Amgen Inc (AMGN)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in Amgen Inc by 39.10%. The purchase prices were between $135.22 and $168.31, with an estimated average price of $150.5. The stock is now traded at around $167.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 4,013 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: NextEra Energy Inc (NEE)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in NextEra Energy Inc. The sale prices were between $112.95 and $128, with an estimated average price of $119.51.Sold Out: Coca-Cola Co (KO)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in Coca-Cola Co. The sale prices were between $40.17 and $42.88, with an estimated average price of $41.62.Sold Out: Adient PLC (ADNT)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in Adient PLC. The sale prices were between $44.2 and $58.6, with an estimated average price of $51.92.Sold Out: AdvanSix Inc (ASIX)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in AdvanSix Inc. The sale prices were between $14.01 and $22.97, with an estimated average price of $17.96.Reduced: Abbott Laboratories (ABT)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC reduced to the holdings in Abbott Laboratories by 38.21%. The sale prices were between $37.6 and $43.5, with an estimated average price of $39.65. The stock is now traded at around $42.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.08%. Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC still held 5,813 shares as of 2016-12-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with CAH. Click here to check it out.CAH 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CAHPeter Lynch Chart of CAHPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        VEA
                                    
, 

                                        BSV
                                    
, 

                                        IJH
                                    
, 

                                        SCHD
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IVV








100%



Rate It





VEA








0%



Rate It





BSV








0%



Rate It





IJH








100%



Rate It





SCHD








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































FFSI INVESTMENT PARTNERS LLC - WELLESLEY, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



WELLESLEY



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            FFSI INVESTMENT PARTNERS LLC
                                    



 





















F 


FFSI INVESTMENT PARTNERS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



20 WILLIAM ST STE 130 WELLESLEY, MA 02481
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts STEPHEN WILCHINS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ffsi Investment Partners Llc is located at 20 William St Ste 130 in Wellesley and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Wellesley Investment Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































wellesley investment partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers asset allocation, investment management, and advisory services. Wellesley Investment Partners serves individuals and families, foundations, endowments, and institutions in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

75 Central Street
Wellesley, MA 02482
United States


Phone:
1-781-431-1325


Fax:
1-781-489-7674


Web url:
www.wellesleyinvestmentpartners.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Louis Pyle Crosier


President




Charles S Willauer "Charlie"


Senior Managing Director




Mary Beth Mahoney


Managing Director




Tom Lahaise


Managing Director




Jeremy S Glenn


Chief Operating Officer




Richard A Sipley "Rich"


Chief Investment Officer




Dawn Pascucci Baillie


Chief Compliance Officer




Trevor Gailun


Director:Research & Trading







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Wellesley Investment Partners : INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
































































INVESTMENT STRATEGIES






Dividend Growth Strategy
 The Wellesley Investment Partners Dividend Growth Strategy consists of dividend-generating companies which we believe are in strong financial standing, and which we feel will increase their dividends over time.
Wellesley Investment Partners Dividend Growth Strategy
 Target Allocation*


Return on Equity is over the past 12 months.

 

Investment Criteria
 Dividend-paying equities are evaluated for qualities which we feel help identify favorable holdings. Qualities we consider include:

Good business - We look for companies with a history of strong profitability and solid balance sheets
Fair Price - Valuation is attractive
Experienced Management - A track record of operational proficiency and running the company for the long-term
Shareholder Oriented - Demonstrated desire and ability to reward shareholders with solid and growing dividends 


  * Target allocation as of 3/31/2017 and are a subset of the overall Strategy. Client portfolios will typically hold 50 stocks which are subject to change without notice.
 Additional Disclosures
 












Wellesley Investment Partners : WELLESLEY INVESTMENT PARTNERS
































































WELLESLEY INVESTMENT PARTNERS






As a subsidiary of Wellesley Bank, Wellesley Investment Partners is part of a long standing tradition of integrity and excellence. We share the same principles that have made Wellesley Bank a trusted community partner for over a century. We offer fully integrated investment management services to assist our clients in achieving their financial goals.











Wellesley Investment Partners : INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
































































INVESTMENT STRATEGIES






Dividend Growth Strategy
 The Wellesley Investment Partners Dividend Growth Strategy consists of dividend-generating companies which we believe are in strong financial standing, and which we feel will increase their dividends over time.
Wellesley Investment Partners Dividend Growth Strategy
 Target Allocation*


Return on Equity is over the past 12 months.

 

Investment Criteria
 Dividend-paying equities are evaluated for qualities which we feel help identify favorable holdings. Qualities we consider include:

Good business - We look for companies with a history of strong profitability and solid balance sheets
Fair Price - Valuation is attractive
Experienced Management - A track record of operational proficiency and running the company for the long-term
Shareholder Oriented - Demonstrated desire and ability to reward shareholders with solid and growing dividends 


  * Target allocation as of 3/31/2017 and are a subset of the overall Strategy. Client portfolios will typically hold 50 stocks which are subject to change without notice.
 Additional Disclosures
 












Wellesley Investment Partners : INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
































































INVESTMENT STRATEGIES






Global Asset Allocation
Wellesley Investment Partners manages five Global Asset Allocation strategies with varying levels of target risk ranging from conservative to high risk. Client accounts are broadly diversified across the global capital markets and may include exposure to a combination of U.S., international and emerging market stocks and bonds, commodities, real estate and currencies. Investments may shift in response to evolving economic conditions and the firm’s views on the current and future state of the global capital markets, however changes are made within a pre-determined asset allocation range.


Notes and Disclosures
 Target holdings are as of 3/31/2017 and are representative of the Wellesley Investment Partners Global Asset Allocation strategies and are subject to change without notice based on the firm’s global investment views. Client portfolios are primarily composed of Exchanged Traded Funds (ETFs). ETFs are index-based investment products that allow you to buy or sell shares of entire portfolios of securities in a single security.
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Cash Investments” may include money market instruments and ETFs that hold investment grade fixed income securities with a maturity of one year or less. “U.S. Equities” may include ETFs that hold large, mid and small capitalization stocks domiciled in the United States. “Non-U.S. Equities” may include ETFs that hold large, mid and small capitalization stocks domiciled outside the United States. “U.S. Fixed Income” may include ETFs that hold primarily U.S. Government, corporate and mortgage fixed income securities of varying maturities. “Commodities” may include ETFs that track commodities such as oil, natural gas, industrial metals, precious metals, agricultural materials and livestock.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clients choose their investment strategies based on their particular investment objectives, time horizon and risk 
 tolerance in consultation with Wellesley Investment Partners investment professionals.
 Additional Disclosures
 












Wellesley Investment Partners : DISCLOSURES
































































DISCLOSURES






Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC (WIP) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Wellesley Bank.
  Products and services made available through WIP are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency of the United States or by the Share Insurance Fund and are not deposits or obligations of, nor guaranteed or insured by, any bank or bank affiliate.
 Past performance is no indication of future results. All investments, including those provided by WIP, involve risk of loss. Investors should consider these risks carefully before investing. Accordingly, investors may receive back less than originally invested.
  This web site provides general information only. Neither the information nor any opinion expressed constitutes an offer or an invitation to make an offer, to buy or sell any securities or other investment or any options, futures or derivatives related to such securities or investments.
  This web site is not intended to provide personal investment advice and it does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person who may receive this material. Investors should seek financial advice from Wellesley Investment Partners or another qualified professional regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities or other investments or investment strategies discussed on this web site and should understand that statements regarding future prospects may not be realized.
  Any information relating to the tax status of financial instruments discussed herein is not intended to provide tax advice or to be used by anyone to provide tax advice. Investors are urged to seek tax advice based on their particular circumstances from an independent tax professional.
 Diversification does not ensure against loss or guarantee a profit.
  This web site may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements (including words such as “believe,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” and “expect”). Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Various factors could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements.
  Views regarding the economy, securities markets or other specialized areas, like all predictors of future events, cannot be guaranteed to be accurate and may result in economic loss to the investor.
  WIP does not warrant or make any representations as to quality, content, accuracy or completeness of the information provided herein. Content materials have been compiled from a variety of sources, and are subject to change without notice.











Wellesley Investment Partners : INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS
































































INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS






Wellesley Investment Partners is comprised of experienced investment management professionals who have come together to put their years of experience to work for our clients.






Louis P. Crosier President


View BioSend an Email







Rich A.  Sipley CFA, Chief Investment Officer


View BioSend an Email







Charlie S. Willauer Senior Managing Director


View BioSend an Email







Jeremy S. Glenn Chief Operating Officer & Chief Compliance Officer


View BioSend an Email







Mary Beth Mahoney Managing Director


View BioSend an Email







Tom Lahaise Managing Director


View BioSend an Email







Trevor Gailun Director of Research and Trading


View BioSend an Email







Elisabeth R. Sexton JD, Client Service Associate


View BioSend an Email

















Wellesley Investment Partners : Wealth Management
































































Wellesley Investment Partners is an investment advisory firm focused on serving individuals and families, private foundations and endowments.


Experienced professionals, reasonable cost and direct access to your portfolio manager





Wellesley Investment Partners is a collection of experienced individuals who have worked at larger firms and have chosen a boutique setting.
In our collective experience, we find many investors are charged too much and receive too little from their investment counsel. We work with individuals and families, private foundations and endowments to construct broadly diversified investment strategies which fit the long-term financial goals of our clients.




Professional Fee-based Investment ManagementModern technology with vintage serviceFocus on broad diversification and after-tax returnEmpower clients through candor and transparency






Investment Strategies
Wellesley Investment Partners offers several investment strategies intended to help clients achieve their investment and financial goals.
Global Asset Allocation Dividend Growth Dividend Growth - Socially Responsible




Philosophy
Wellesley Investment Partners adheres to a disciplined philosophy which is focused on investing for the long-term.
Learn More 




Investment Professionals
Wellesley Investment Partners’ team of seasoned investment professionals work closely with clients and develop a deep understanding of their financial lives to help them achieve their investment goals.
Learn More 




Advisory Board
Wellesley Investment Partners’ Advisory Board includes both current and former industry professionals.
Learn More 







March 31, 2017
Q1 2017 Market Update - Read about our thoughts on the current state of the global capital markets.
Read Now









Wellesley Investment Partners : Wealth Management
































































Wellesley Investment Partners is an investment advisory firm focused on serving individuals and families, private foundations and endowments.


Experienced professionals, reasonable cost and direct access to your portfolio manager





Wellesley Investment Partners is a collection of experienced individuals who have worked at larger firms and have chosen a boutique setting.
In our collective experience, we find many investors are charged too much and receive too little from their investment counsel. We work with individuals and families, private foundations and endowments to construct broadly diversified investment strategies which fit the long-term financial goals of our clients.




Professional Fee-based Investment ManagementModern technology with vintage serviceFocus on broad diversification and after-tax returnEmpower clients through candor and transparency






Investment Strategies
Wellesley Investment Partners offers several investment strategies intended to help clients achieve their investment and financial goals.
Global Asset Allocation Dividend Growth Dividend Growth - Socially Responsible




Philosophy
Wellesley Investment Partners adheres to a disciplined philosophy which is focused on investing for the long-term.
Learn More 




Investment Professionals
Wellesley Investment Partners’ team of seasoned investment professionals work closely with clients and develop a deep understanding of their financial lives to help them achieve their investment goals.
Learn More 




Advisory Board
Wellesley Investment Partners’ Advisory Board includes both current and former industry professionals.
Learn More 







March 31, 2017
Q1 2017 Market Update - Read about our thoughts on the current state of the global capital markets.
Read Now











Feb 10, 2017 - Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC Buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Sells Coca-Cola Co, NextEra Energy, Abbott Laboratories - GuruFocus.com 


















Feb 10, 2017 - Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC Buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Sells Coca-Cola Co, NextEra Energy, Abbott Laboratories - GuruFocus.com Feb 10, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC Buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Sells Coca-Cola Co, NextEra Energy, Abbott LaboratoriesFebruary 10, 2017 |  About: 
CAH  +0%
DIS  +0%
GS  +0%
DUK  +0%
NLSN  +0%
AMGN  +0%
NKE  +0%
SLB  +0%
APD  +0%
CVX  +0%
CL  +0%
GIS  +0%
AB  +0%



Investment company Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC buys Nike, Air Products & Chemicals, Schlumberger, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Chevron, Cardinal Health, General Mills, Illinois Tool Works, Walt Disney Co, Vanguard FTSE All World Ex US, sells Coca-Cola Co, NextEra Energy, Abbott Laboratories, Adient PLC, AdvanSix during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC. As of 2016-12-31, Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC owns 102 stocks with a total value of $204 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: NKE, SLB, APD, CVX, CL, GIS, ITW, SJM, VB, VEU, Added Positions: VEA, IVV, BSV, AGG, IJH, IEF, SCHD, SCPB, CAH, ITR, Reduced Positions: ABT, QQQ, TU, SPY, NGG, EMR, BND, GSK, HRB, BRK.B, Sold Out: KO, NEE, ADNT, ASIX, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with CAH. Click here to check it out. 
CAH 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CAHPeter Lynch Chart of CAHFor the details of Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Wellesley+Investment+Partners%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Wellesley Investment Partners, LLCiShares Core S&P 500 (IVV) - 90,643 shares, 10% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 7.10%Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets (VEA) - 543,525 shares, 9.74% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 7.47%Vanguard Short-Term Bond (BSV) - 242,715 shares, 9.45% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 6.45%iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap (IJH) - 94,472 shares, 7.66% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 3.93%Schwab US Dividend Equity (SCHD) - 215,901 shares, 4.61% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 4.52%New Purchase: Nike Inc (NKE)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  Nike Inc.  The purchase prices were between $49.62 and $52.67, with an estimated average price of $51.3.   The stock is now traded at around $55.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 7,330 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: Schlumberger Ltd (SLB)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  Schlumberger Ltd.  The purchase prices were between $77.76 and $86.38, with an estimated average price of $81.96.   The stock is now traded at around $81.21. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 3,374 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: Air Products & Chemicals Inc (APD)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  Air Products & Chemicals Inc.  The purchase prices were between $132.26 and $149.64, with an estimated average price of $139.95.   The stock is now traded at around $138.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 1,983 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: Chevron Corp (CVX)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  Chevron Corp.  The purchase prices were between $99.92 and $118.77, with an estimated average price of $108.9.   The stock is now traded at around $112.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 2,243 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: Colgate-Palmolive Co (CL)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  Colgate-Palmolive Co.  The purchase prices were between $64.63 and $73.62, with an estimated average price of $68.57.   The stock is now traded at around $66.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 3,980 shares as of 2016-12-31. New Purchase: General Mills Inc (GIS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC initiated holdings in  General Mills Inc.  The purchase prices were between $60.59 and $63.88, with an estimated average price of $61.95.   The stock is now traded at around $63.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 4,059 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Cardinal Health Inc (CAH)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Cardinal Health Inc by 41.52%.  The purchase prices were between $65.17 and $76.71, with an estimated average price of $72.29.   The stock is now traded at around $77.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 11,660 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Walt Disney Co (DIS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Walt Disney Co by 25.59%.  The purchase prices were between $90.83 and $105.56, with an estimated average price of $97.5.   The stock is now traded at around $109.49. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 10,111 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Goldman Sachs Group Inc by 30.66%.  The purchase prices were between $161.07 and $243.09, with an estimated average price of $203.06.   The stock is now traded at around $241.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 3,205 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Duke Energy Corp (DUK)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Duke Energy Corp by 50.45%.  The purchase prices were between $72.75 and $80.02, with an estimated average price of $76.59.   The stock is now traded at around $77.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 6,006 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Nielsen Holdings PLC (NLSN)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Nielsen Holdings PLC by 50.33%.  The purchase prices were between $41.95 and $54.93, with an estimated average price of $45.95.   The stock is now traded at around $43.18. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 11,081 shares as of 2016-12-31. Added: Amgen Inc (AMGN)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC added to the holdings in  Amgen Inc by 39.10%.  The purchase prices were between $135.22 and $168.31, with an estimated average price of $150.5.   The stock is now traded at around $167.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 4,013 shares as of 2016-12-31. Sold Out: NextEra Energy Inc (NEE)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in  NextEra Energy Inc.  The sale prices were between $112.95 and $128, with an estimated average price of $119.51. Sold Out: Coca-Cola Co (KO)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in  Coca-Cola Co.  The sale prices were between $40.17 and $42.88, with an estimated average price of $41.62. Sold Out: Adient PLC (ADNT)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in  Adient PLC.  The sale prices were between $44.2 and $58.6, with an estimated average price of $51.92. Sold Out: AdvanSix Inc (ASIX)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC sold out the holdings in  AdvanSix Inc.  The sale prices were between $14.01 and $22.97, with an estimated average price of $17.96. Reduced: Abbott Laboratories (ABT)Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC reduced to the holdings in  Abbott Laboratories by 38.21%.  The sale prices were between $37.6 and $43.5, with an estimated average price of $39.65.   The stock is now traded at around $42.54. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.08%. Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC still held 5,813 shares as of 2016-12-31. Here is the complete portfolio of Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC. Also check out:
1. Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Wellesley Investment Partners, LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with Cardinal Health Inc $CAH.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

hingnamHNPraveen Chawlashort / insidergurufocusIPO dateculpelProjected FCF/P (+10EBITDA,+10culpelProjected FCF/P (+3,6,TR,+EBITrharmelinkDividend Champions with WeeklyzebulonminStandardsrael22226pbarker46Big dividend stockshsaabJuly

→CAH Price Chart





$77.61 (1y: -7%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















