





Stephen Wertheimer, W Capital Partners LP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  































Feedback





Stephen "Steve" Wertheimer

Founding Partner/Mng Dir,
W Capital Partners LP






Career History




Founding Partner/Mng Dir
W Capital Partners LP, 2001-PRESENT


Founder
Water Capital Corp, 1997-PRESENT


Founding Partner/Mng Dir
W Capital Mgmt AB, PRESENT


Managing Dire
Crt Capital Group LLC, 1996-2001


Mng Member/Founder
Water Capital Corp, 1991-1997


Managing Member
W Capital Mgmt AB, 1991-1997


Founder
W Capital Management AB, 1991-1997


Managing Dire
Paine Webber Inc, 1988-1991


Mng Director
First Chicago Leasing Corp, 1983-1986


Director
Tiger Financial Services, 1982-1983


Director
Savance Corp, 1981-1982


Vice President
Bank of America, 1977-1981


Founding Partner
W Capital Partners LP, 2001-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.wcapgroup.com






Corporate Information
Address:

400 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States


Phone:
1-212-561-5240


Fax:
1-212-561-5241


Web url:
www.wcapgroup.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Indiana University
Bachelor's Degree, Finance


Kellogg School of Management of Northwestern University
Master's Degree, Management








Memberships



Board Memberships




Adam Aircraft Industries Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Aoptix Technologies Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




World Kitchen Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Ravn Air Group Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




EL Paso Electric Co


Board Member, 1996-PRESENT




Xcyte Therapies Inc


Board Member, 11/2003-3/2006




Del Global Technologies Corp


Board Member, 4/2003-2005




Trikon Technologies Inc


Board Member, 6/1998-1/2004




Spectrumedix Corp


Board Member, 1/2000-7/2001




World Kitchen Inc


Board Member, 1991-1997




Kabira Technologies Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Prodigy Health Group


Board Member, FORMER




Aoptix Technologies


Board Member, FORMER




Color Spot Nurseries Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Dynacast International Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 3/2006-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




World Kitchen


Board Member




Moosejaw


Board Member




The National Geographic Society


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















Stephen Wertheimer | W Capital Partners | Email @wcapgroup.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Stephen Wertheimer

 W Capital Partners  Managing Director




export

















400 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10022


Email format for @wcapgroup.com

Direct Phone: Sign up to view 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Other Investment Firms                    
SIC Code:  
                         6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Trying to find Stephen Wertheimer's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out W Capital Partners's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @wcapgroup.com contact information.  W Capital Partners is an organization centered in New York, NY, which you can find on Lead411 under the Other investment firms category.  Stephen Wertheimer is their Managing Director.  Some possible email formats for Stephen Wertheimer are SWertheimer@wcapgroup.com, Stephen.Wertheimer@wcapgroup.com, Stephen@wcapgroup.com, and Stephen_Wertheimer@wcapgroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wcapgroup.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Stephen W - Other
A Mooresville, NC-based organization, Lowe's Companies, Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @lowes.com email addresses, as well as details on Stephen W's email, the organization's Flooring Sales Specialist. Their profile can be found in Retail category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Stephen W, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Stephen W are SW@lowes.com, Stephen.W@lowes.com, Stephen@lowes.com, and Stephen_W@lowes.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lowes.com addresses.
Stephen W - Executive
Trying to find Stephen W's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Microsoft Corporation's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @microsoft.com contact information.  Microsoft Corporation is an organization centered in Redmond, WA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Software category.  Stephen W is their Product Advisor.  Some possible email formats for Stephen W are SW@microsoft.com, Stephen.W@microsoft.com, Stephen@microsoft.com, and Stephen_W@microsoft.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@microsoft.com addresses.
Stephen W
Their Director is Stephen W. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Accounting industry. If you're checking for Helm Advisory email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @helmadvisory.com.au email addresses and possibly Stephen W's email. Helm Advisory is based in Dawes Point, New South . You can also get Stephen W's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Accounting category.  Some possible email formats for Stephen W are SW@helmadvisory.com.au, Stephen.W@helmadvisory.com.au, Stephen@helmadvisory.com.au, and Stephen_W@helmadvisory.com.au. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@helmadvisory.com.au addresses.



Similar Employees:
Alison Killilea - Executive
Alison Killilea is part of W Capital Partners, an organization which has its main offices in New York, NY.  Alison serves as the Managing Director at W Capital Partners.  If you're searching for W Capital Partners email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @wcapgroup.com along with Alison Killilea's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.W Capital Partners's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other investment firms industry.  Some possible email formats for Alison Killilea are AKillilea@wcapgroup.com, Alison.Killilea@wcapgroup.com, Alison@wcapgroup.com, and Alison_Killilea@wcapgroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wcapgroup.com addresses.
Blake Heston - Executive
Blake Heston's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in W Capital Partners's Lead411 profile and other W Capital Partners email addresses with the @wcapgroup.com domain format.  He is part of W Capital Partners where he serves as the Managing Director.  W Capital Partners's main office is set in New York, NY. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Other investment firms category.  Some possible email formats for Blake Heston are BHeston@wcapgroup.com, Blake.Heston@wcapgroup.com, Blake@wcapgroup.com, and Blake_Heston@wcapgroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wcapgroup.com addresses.
Katie Stitch - Executive
For W Capital Partners email addresses with the @wcapgroup.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Katie Stitch, you may check in W Capital Partners's Lead411 profile. Katie Stitch is currently the Managing Director for W Capital Partners. The company's CEO is . The contact information of W Capital Partners on Lead411 is filed under the Other investment firms. Their main offices are in New York, NY.  Some possible email formats for Katie Stitch are KStitch@wcapgroup.com, Katie.Stitch@wcapgroup.com, Katie@wcapgroup.com, and Katie_Stitch@wcapgroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wcapgroup.com addresses.

People Directory > Stephen Wertheimer
























   Stephen Wertheimer | Brakeley Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


Dr. Stephen Wertheimer, Orthopedic Surgery - Los Alamitos , CA  | Sharecare










































Ask a health related question:














Join Sharecare

Log In














Find a Doctor
Health Experts
Topics
Video
Health Tools
















Profile


Locations


More











Find a Doctor



|



Orthopedic Surgery



|



CA



|



Los Alamitos



|


Dr. Stephen Wertheimer, MD



















Dr. Stephen Wertheimer

Orthopedic Surgery


Los Alamitos, CA


Male

53 Years of Experience



Languages supported at his practice: English, Spanish









Dr. Wertheimer's Background






Bio


Stephen A. Wertheimer, MD is a practicing Orthopedic Surgeon in Los Alamitos, CA. Dr. Wertheimer graduated from Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University in 1963 and has been in practice for 53 years. He completed a residency at Loma Linda University Medical Center. Dr. Wertheimer is board certified in Orthopaedic Surgery. In addition to English, Dr. Wertheimer's practice supports this language: Spanish. 





Specialties


Orthopedic Surgery





Education




Residency
Loma Linda University Medical Center



Medical School, 1963

Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University
Bronx, NY







Learn More About Orthopedic Surgery




Article

See All Articles 











ER, Urgent Care or Physician -- Know Where to Go


                                                    Whether it’s a bump on the head or a really bad cold, when your body suffers a blow, all you want to do is feel better. But where do you go to get the care you need? Next time you experience a nasty fall or
...Read More






Questions

See All Questions 





What type of doctor(s) should I see if I think I have fibromyalgia?




What symptoms of osteoarthritis do doctors look for?










Primary Location






4290 Katella Ave
Los Alamitos, CA 90720

See All Locations
















Phone Number



Have you visited Dr. Wertheimer before?
Yes
No




562-493-4499



562-493-4499
















Similar Doctors











Dr. Laura Hatch

Orthopedic Surgery


4290 Katella Ave
Los Alamitos, CA 90720









Dr. Seymour Alban

Orthopedic Surgery


4290 Katella Ave
Los Alamitos, CA 90720









Dr. Joseph Alban

Orthopedic Surgery


4290 Katella Ave
Los Alamitos, CA 90720









Dr. Tomoji Mizuguchi

Orthopedic Surgery


4290 Katella Ave
Los Alamitos, CA 90720









Dr. Kesho Hurria

Orthopedic Surgery


3347 W Ball Rd
Anaheim, CA 92804
































Wertheimer, Stephen A, MD Long Beach, CA 90807 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons near Long Beach, CAWertheimer, Stephen A, MDIn mybook® : Health Collection (edit)Added to your health collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your health collection.Wertheimer, Stephen A, MDWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!4401 Atlantic Ave, Long Beach, CA 90807(562) 493-4499CLOSED NOWTomorrow: 9:00 am - 5:00 pmAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessFPA Women's HealthServing the Long Beach area.(866) 630-5124Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteMore InfoPioneer Medical Group17777 Center Court Dr Ste 400, Cerritos CA, 90703, Cerritos, CA 90703(877) 552-5752Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHoursRegular HoursMon - Fri9:00 am - 5:00 pmExtra PhonesPhone: (562) 493-6512Services/ProductsOrthopedic SurgeryPayment methodmaster card, visaNeighborhoodsBixby Knolls, Country Club ManorAKAStephen A WertheimerOther Linkhttp://www.awogroup.comCategoryPhysicians & Surgeons Other InformationSpecialties: Orthopaedic SurgeryCOUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Map & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedKimberly R Walton M D2360 Long Beach Blvd, Long Beach, CALaser Skin Care Center3918 Long Beach Blvd Ste 200, Long Beach, CAPerinatal Associates of Southern California3440 California Ave, Long Beach, CAWeingarten Foot & Ankle Center(1)901 E San Antonio Dr, Long Beach, CAPara Latino Medical Center15717 Paramount Blvd, Paramount, CAPaid AdvertisementRelated ArticlesDrug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved OneOne out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice signs of abuse.The January 2017 To-Do ListThe holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to GoWe needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overkill. Should I take him to urgent care instead? H…more related articles » 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
