




Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Patel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    303 Sw 8 Th Street, Suite 1  
    Ocala, FL, 34471Phone: 352-402-9191 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


New


$1,000,000


$1,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Vijay Patel 
 Director 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP  Funding details


Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001687658IRS Number: 813690966Address: 303 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 1  OCALA 34471Phone number: 352-402-9191



Latest news
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP raised $1,000,000 from 2 investors on 2016-10-17.



Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-17New Form D$5,000,000$1,000,000$4,000,000$500,000206b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP raised $1,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP
Key People in Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP:

Vijay Patel
Similar companiesWESLEY CAPITAL I, L.P., WESLEY CAPITAL QP, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL, LTD., WESLEY CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL, LTD., WESLEY CAPITAL-CL QP, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL-CL, LTD.








Last visited companies: SurIDx Inc, THERMOENERGY CORP, 06068900 B.C. Ltd., Ocata Therapeutics, Inc., AGNICO EAGLE MINES LTD

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP
List of persons related to the company Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP.

CIK Number: 0001687658IRS Number: 813690966Company address: 303 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 1  OCALA 34471Phone number: 352-402-9191



People related to Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryPatel  Vijay14106 US Highway 19 HudsonFL




Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP on the Web
Related companiesWESLEY CAPITAL I, L.P., WESLEY CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL, LTD., WESLEY CAPITAL QP, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL, LTD., WESLEY CAPITAL-CL QP, LP, WESLEY CAPITAL-CL, LTD.












 








	Marcus & Millichap - 94-Room Hampton Inn & Suite Tampa-Wesley Chapel Sold by Marcus & Millichap






















































Marcus & Millichap









                    Log in/Register   
                



                    Contact   
                






 
                    Properties
                    Investment properties & services






                                               Property Search
                                            
Search our national database by type, size, location, price, and more to find properties.





                                               Regional Investment Markets
                                            
We have more than 1,700 sales and financing professionals who know the nation's key real estate investment markets.





                                               Investment Property Types
                                            
We specialize in all major property types and markets from apartments to hospitality, retail to self-storage, and everything in between.





                                               National Specialty Divisions 
                                            
We specialize in over a dozen property types, with dedicated professionals who understand each of their unique dynamics.





                                               Investor Types
                                            





                                                            Private
                                                        



                                                            Major/Institutional
                                                        









                                               Property Services
                                            







                                                Marcus & Millichap Platform
                                            



                                                Seller Services
                                            



                                                Buyer Services
                                            



                                                1031 Exchange
                                            



                                                Financing Services
                                            



                                                Institutional Investor Services
                                            







                                               Leader in 1031 Exchanges
                                            


Marcus and Millichap closes more real estate investment sales than any other brokerage firm—over 60% of which involve a 1031 Exchange.
Our leading market position, coupled with extensive investor relationships, gives us access to the largest pool of qualified buyers, including exchange buyers.







 
                    Financing
                    Loan information & services






                                               Loan Inquiry
                                            
Share your information to be matched with a financing professional or begin the loan application process.





                                               Loan Rates
                                            
Stay abreast of the latest rates and debt market information.





                                               Calculators
                                            
How many apartment units should you own? How much debt can you afford? Our calculators will help you decide.









                                               Financing Services
                                            







                                                About Marcus Millichap Capital Corporation
                                            



                                                Why Finance With Us?
                                            



                                                Transaction Financing
                                            



                                                Refinancing
                                            







                                               Case Study: Dave & Buster's
                                            


Through its long-standing relationships and market knowledge, Marcus and Millichap secured difficult financing for its buyer where other mortgage brokerage firms had failed.
Learn more about what made this case especially complex and how Marcus and Millichap overcame the financing obstacles.




                                               View All Case Studies
                                            








 
                    Research
                    Reports & advisory services






                                               Research Reports
                                            

                                                Latest Reports:
                                            



                                                            Multifamily Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Canadian 2017 Apartment Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Federal Reserve Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Check out our latest Office Reports
                                                        



                                                            2017 Retail Investment Forecast
                                                        



                                                            More Reports
                                                        





                                               Research Blog
                                            

                                                Latest Blogs:
                                            



                                                            Hiring Bounces Back in January
                                                        



                                                            Single-Family Housing Supply Falls to Record Low
                                                        



                                                            All Blog Posts
                                                        









                                               Research Services
                                            
Our Research Team produces more than 1,000 products annually and is a leading source of industry trends and market information.





                                               Advisory Services
                                            
We provide a wide range of advisory and consulting services to some of the most prominent real estate investors in the country









                                               Latest Chicago Research
                                            


Vacancy Drop, Higher Rents on Tap in Chicago




                                               More Research
                                            








 
                    About Us
                    Our vision, careers & news






                                               News, Events, and More
                                            





                                                            Newly Expanded 966-Unit Self-Storage Facility Changes Hands
                                                        



                                                            Retail Trends 2017 video replay is now available
                                                        



                                                            View All Press Releases
                                                        





                                               In The Media
                                            





                                               Replay Webcasts
                                            





                                               Research Blog
                                            









                                               Our Company
                                            





                                               Our Services
                                            





                                               Our Leadership
                                            





                                               Our Offices
                                            





                                               Our Agents/Loan Originators
                                            





                                               Careers
                                            





                                               Contact Us
                                            





                                               Investor Relations
                                            









                                               In the Media
                                            


CNBC features Marcus & Millichap’s President and CEO, Hessam Nadji for his thoughts on how retail real estate is faring amid the impact of e-commerce.. 
Play Video







 
                    Find
                    Quick Links






                                               A Property
                                            





                                               An Office
                                            





                                               An Agent
                                            





                                               A Loan Originator
                                            





                                               Research
                                            





                                               A Job
                                            


















                Home
                


                About Us
                


                News, Events and More
                


            94-Room Hampton Inn & Suite Tampa-Wesley Chapel Sold by Marcus & Millichap
            






94-Room Hampton Inn & Suite Tampa-Wesley Chapel Sold by Marcus & Millichap
July 20, 2016




Share

Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Favorites






WESLEY CHAPEL, Fla., July 20, 2016 – Marcus & Millichap (NYSE: MMI), a leading commercial real estate investment services firm with offices throughout the United States and Canada, announced the sale of a 94-room Hampton Inn & Suites in Wesley Chapel, Florida. The terms of the sale were not released.
“Hampton Inn & Suites is a highly sought after brand, and the location at Wesley Chapel true to form generated numerous offers when the property was being marketed,” says Jonathan Ruprai, senior director of Marcus & Millichap’s National Hospitality Group in Tampa. “Attracted by the hotel’s strong performance, location and demographics, the new owner is positioned to benefit from the tremendous growth transforming Wesley Chapel.”
Ruprai, along with Dennis Hopper, a senior associate also in Tampa, represented the seller and secured the buyer, a subsidiary of Nimbus Investment Fund, LP, an independent affiliate of Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., based in Westlake, OH, which will manage the property.
The Hampton Inn & Suites is located in the Wesley Chapel suburb of Tampa at 2740 Cypress Ridge Blvd., and sits directly off of Interstate 75, providing the hotel with high visibility.
The Hampton Inn & Suites Tampa -Wesley Chapel has won several awards including Hilton’s companywide Circle of Excellence Award and Lighthouse Award for high rankings in accommodations, service and quality, and TripAdvisor’s Hall of Fame award for winning five consecutive TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence Awards. 





#     #     #
About Marcus & Millichap (NYSE: MMI)
With over 1,700 investment sales and financing professionals located throughout the United States and Canada, Marcus & Millichap is a leading specialist in commercial real estate investment sales, financing, research and advisory services. Founded in 1971, the firm closed nearly 9,000 transactions in 2016 with a value of approximately $42.3 billion. The company has perfected a powerful system for marketing properties that combines investment specialization, local market expertise, the industry’s most comprehensive research, state-of-the-art technology, and relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors.  To learn more, please visit: www.MarcusMillichap.com






Related Reports

Florida Hospitality Investment Forecast
Scattered sunshine in the near-term outlook. Statewide supply growth will contribute to a decline in annual occupancy in Florida and a further moderation in the increases in ADR and RevPAR.





Get a Research Report


Our Research Team produces more than 1,000 products annually and is a leading source of industry trends and market information.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC











Company number P12000003377
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/10/2012
        

Principal Address
            8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, 33556
            


Mailing Address 8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, FL, 33556
        
WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC Principals

Director, President, Secretary, Treasurer
                Whiting Kristy
                 


Address
                8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, FL, 33556
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name WHITING             KRISTY (p)
        

Agent Address
                8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, FL, 33556
                

WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/27/2013
            

Description
WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC has been set up 1/10/2012 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The WESLEY CHAPEL FUEL, INC principal adress is 8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, 33556. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, FL, 33556. 
The company`s registered agent is WHITING             KRISTY 8803 WELLESLY COURT, ODESSA, FL, 33556.  
The company`s management are Director, President, Secretary, Treasurer - Whiting Kristy. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/27/2013. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
WESLEY CHAPEL HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC BOOSTER CLUB, INC.
WESLEY CHAPEL HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL BOOSTERS INC
WESLEY CHAPEL HOLDINGS, LLC
WESLEY CHAPEL HONDA
WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP
WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY L.L.C.













Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP $5,000,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP $5,000,000 Financing
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP just submitted form D announcing $5,000,000 financing.  This is a new filing. Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP was able to sell $1,000,000. That is 20% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $5,000,000. The financing was made by 2 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $500,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-17. Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP is based in  303 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 1  OCALA 34471. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Vijay Patel.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687658




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
FLORIDA
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

303 SW 8TH STREET, SUITE 1

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


OCALA
FLORIDA
34471
352-402-9191


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Patel
Vijay


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

14106 US Highway 19

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Hudson
FLORIDA
34667



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of General Partner
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


X
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-09-30

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$500,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$5,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$1,000,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$4,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
2


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP
Vijay Patel
Vijay Patel
Manager of the General Partner
2016-10-17


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-17New Form D$5,000,000$1,000,000$4,000,000$500,000206b 3C 3C.1[view]
Wesley Chapel Hospitality Investment Fund LP List of ExecutivesVijay Patel











Last visited: Zift Solutions Inc., Cathay Capital North American-Sino Fund (A), LP, CAVENDER GLOBAL INVESTMENTS LLC, Saurus, Inc., CAVENDER REAL ESTATE GROUP LLC

								© 
							















WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP











Company number A16000000443
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic Limited Partnership
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/29/2016
        

Principal Address
            303 SW 8TH ST, SUITE ONE, OCALA, 34471
            


Mailing Address 303 SW 8TH ST, SUITE ONE, OCALA, FL, 34471
        
WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP Principals


                Dhruv Management Llc
                 


Address
                303 SW 8TH ST, SUITE ONE, OCALA, FL, 34471
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name PATEL               VIJAY (p)
        

Agent Address
                14106 US HWY 19, HUDSON, FL, 34667
                

Description
WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP has been set up 8/29/2016 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY INVESTMENT FUND LP principal adress is 303 SW 8TH ST, SUITE ONE, OCALA, 34471. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 303 SW 8TH ST, SUITE ONE, OCALA, FL, 34471. 
The company`s registered agent is PATEL               VIJAY 14106 US HWY 19, HUDSON, FL, 34667.  
The company`s management are  - Dhruv Management Llc.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
WESLEY CHAPEL HOSPITALITY L.L.C.
WESLEY CHAPEL HOTELS, LLC
WESLEY CHAPEL INSURANCE, LLC
WESLEY CHAPEL INTERNAL MEDICINE AND PEDIATRICS, P.A.
WESLEY CHAPEL INVESTMENTS, INC.
WESLEY CHAPEL KARATE / MARTIAL ARTS / MMA LLC











 







Emerald Hospitality: Hotel and Hospitality Management News & Events


















































HomeAbout UsLeadership TeamChief Executive OfficerAccounting & FinanceOperationsSales & Revenue GenerationHuman ResourcesDevelopment/Legal CounselCapital ManagementAmbassador CouncilsNews/EventsOur ServicesInvestment & DevelopmentPartnershipsProject ManagementPurchasing & ProcurementFinanceHospitality ManagementHotel ManagementOperationsFood & BeverageSales & MarketingeCommerceRevenue ManagementAsset ManagementHotel Acquisition ServicesAcquire Cash FlowNew ConstructionUnderperforming Asset TurnaroundShared ServicesCentralized AccountingHuman ResourcesLegalPortfolioCareersKey Salaried PositionsTeam Member PositionsContact Us






Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. Announces Dual Branded Home2 Suites & Tru By Hilton HotelsTuesday, July 25, 2017WESTLAKE, Ohio – Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. announced today that they will be developing the dual branded Home2 Suites & Tru by Hilton to be located at the Williamsville Buffalo Airport in New York.  The property is currently under construction at 48 Freeman Road, Buildings A&B in Lancaster and scheduled to open in March 2018.
The 165 room, four-story hotel will feature the two brands with two front desk check in areas, two breakfast/lobby areas and one pool and fitness center.  The two hotels will share common operations areas such as laundry, break room and housekeeping storage.
The hotel will be Emerald Hospitality’s first dual branded hotel and adds to their already growing portfolio of 22 hotels of Hilton, Marriott and Hyatt Hotels Corporation.
Hyatt Place Buffalo Amherst Welcomes LaToya Williams as the Director of SalesTuesday, June 20, 2017BUFFALO, New York – The team at the Hyatt Place Buffalo Amherst, Iskalo Development and Emerald Hospitality Associates, welcomes LaToya Williams to her new role as our Director of Sales.  LaToya brings more than 20 years of varied hotel experience, from her start as a front desk agent while attending college, to her most recent experience as Senior Sales Manager at the Hyatt Regency Buffalo.  LaToya holds a Bachelor’s Degree from Buffalo State College and her M.B.A. from Capella University.
LaToya’s passion for hospitality is reflected in the relationships that she has developed and grown over the years.  “We are excited to have LaToya join our sales efforts and assist with further developing our sales and marketing strategy,” said AnnMarie Taft, General Manager, Hyatt Place Buffalo Amherst.
Emerald Hospitality Associates profiled in Hotel News NowMonday, June 19, 2017
WESTLAKE, Ohio — Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., was profiled last week in Hotel News Now in an article written by Jeff Higley.  The original posting can be found here, and is reposted below:
Emerald executives seek gems for expansion efforts
Emerald Hospitality is taking measured steps on its journey to growth.
The Westlake, Ohio-based hotel management and development company with 22 hotels in its portfolio—with two more under construction—continues to add a couple of properties each year as it looks to expand its employee-centric approach to more markets, according to its executives.
“It’s changed over time, but in its purest sense it’s a hotel management company,” said CEO Jim Gerish. “But we also develop and build hotels and we set up an investment vehicle so we can acquire hotels.”
Emerald’s portfolio includes a number of Hilton, Marriott International and Hyatt Hotels Corporation properties. Emerald looks to add more properties in those companies as wells as adding InterContinental Hotels Group to the mix, executives said.
The company is building its first dual-branded property—a Home2 Suites and Tru by Hilton project in Williamsville, New York. Gerish said the operational advantages continue to expand in the dual-brand space. Among the advantages is most brands are now allowing the hotels to have cross staffing with one general manager and two assistant managers.
“Because they’re connected buildings, you share back of the house, you have one swimming pool, and most of the time they’ll allow you to share a fitness center,” Gerish said. “They might be open to sharing the front desk, but at this point they generally don’t like that. The check-in experience in our business is changing, which is making them think differently about that.”
Emerald executives are eager to get the project open so they can learn more about the dual-brand concept.
“To be able to quantify what those savings are, we couldn’t say right now but there are going to be savings,” Gerish said. “You’re going to have some level of efficiencies from an operating standpoint, but it’s more savings in the development and construction costs.”
The company manages the properties it has ownership stakes in and also has straight third-party management contracts, according to the CEO.
“Typically if we’re going to do a development we’ll partner through our investment vehicle,” he said.
Emerald’s Nimbus Investment Fund allows it to structure deals as single-purpose limited partnerships that act as the general partners or managing member of the limited liability company, according to Jeff Gerish, chief development officer.
“Last year we were able to do a two-hotel fund; this year our goal is to do a three-hotel fund,” said Art Borowski, Emerald’s CFO.
Jim Gerish said the company’s investor group has grown because Emerald has focused on buying quality assets. A primary target for the investment group is people that can invest $50,000 to $200,000 in a fund.
“The biggest challenge for us has been finding a large capital partner, but now we’ve got this group of 40 investors that makes it successful,” he said. “We were always looking for the big insurance company, the big Wall Street company, but were not able to find that. We had to slug it out one investor at a time.”
The appeal of spreading risk and diversifying assets are large attractions for investors, he said.
“Most of them have found hotels to be a good investment,” Jim Gerish said. “They’re always asking Art and Jeff when the next investment is taking place.”
A recent fundraising for a hotel in Florida found the fund oversubscribed by 50%, so it became a fund to acquire two hotels—a Hampton Inn in Florida and a DoubleTree Hotel in Massachusetts, the executives said. The additional hotel was welcomed by investors.
“A good selling point is that they’re such different properties,” Jeff Gerish said.
“Not only do they have two different levels of service, but their seasons complement one another, too,” said Lori Berhent, VP of revenue generation and business development.
Emerald’s bread and butter has been select-service properties, but company executives are not afraid to expand beyond that when opportunity knocks—such as the DoubleTree deal in Massachusetts, Borowski said.
“We’re at a tipping point now where if the industry stays somewhat vibrant and we stay on our tried and true one-, two-, three-hotels-a-year formula, we’re fine,” Jim Gerish said. “If we had a portfolio of 10 hotels that came across our desks tomorrow we have good flexible management team to take what comes.”
The funds have no time constraints to place money or return investments, Borowski said.
“Our growth is concurrently the management side and the acquisition side,” Borowski said. “I don’t think 30 is that far out of reach.”
A hands-on approach
That growth pace is just fine for a company that specializes in hands-on management, according to Borowski.
“One of the unique things about our company is the majority of our 21 corporate employees have worked in hotels,” he said. “That’s very important. We understand hotels, what they need, what the associate needs, and what the guest needs.”
Sharing the knowledge from the top of the management team to general managers to front-line personnel is an important aspect of the company’s success, Jim Gerish said. Emerald also has a strong leadership development program, Berhent added.
“We have story after story of managers who worked their way up,” Berhent said. “It’s about raising the next generation of hospitality professional.”
That task is more difficult than ever, Jim Gerish said.
“As an industry, we really have to think about the labor force,” he said. “Having people to take care of the hotels is a challenge in some markets. (The industry has) to work on creating a work atmosphere and salary structure that makes entry level into our industry attractive. That’s a challenge from an operational standpoint.”
Some fundamental facets of service often need to be taught to millennials because they’ve grown up in an environment that features so much self-service mentality, Jim Gerish said.
“They don’t come to the table like older people that understood service,” he said. “When you’re young, you’ve got to learn to fend for yourself now; service isn’t as natural to them.”
The main message to millennials is that it’s OK to make a procedural mistake, but don’t sacrifice the feeling of hospitality that is provided, he said.
“Young people who really understand hospitality really have a good future ahead of them,” Jim Gerish said.
The executives said they are proud of the company’s Emerald Foundation, which partners with hotels to raise funds for local charitable organizations—another step it takes to empower employees.
“It’s a grass-roots effort and what matters to (property employees) and what motivates them,” Jim Gerish said.
The Emerald name comes from a confluence of three influences: Cleveland’s “Emerald Necklace” park system that drapes the city, the green color of Michigan State University, of which Jim Gerish is an alumnus, and the implied quality of an emerald.
“We didn’t want to name it after ourselves,” Jim Gerish said of the 19-year-old company. “So we looked at three elements—where we’re from, what led me to this point in my life and the focus on quality—and Emerald was born.”

Hilton Garden Inn of Ithaca Honored at Challenge Workforce Solutions 49th Annual Awards EventWednesday, June 14, 2017Ithaca, New York – On Tuesday, May 2nd, 2017, Challenge Workforce Solutions celebrated its 49th Annual Awards Event at the Hangar Theatre in Ithaca, NY. This evening of inspiration was filled with stories, performances by Running to Places Theater Company, The Destination, food provided by Word of Mouth Catering, and recognition of various Challenge participants and more. At the event, the Hilton Garden Inn of Ithaca was acknowledged as the Business Partner of the Year for its dedication to helping Challenge Workforce Solutions carry out its mission.
Challenge Workforce Solutions is a non-profit organization whose mission is to support people with disabilities and employment barriers in developing their skills and interests to meet the ever-changing needs of today’s workplace and be productive, contributing members of their community. Challenge was founded in 1968 by Robert R. Sprole, Sr., the former President of Therm. The Hilton Garden Inn and its restaurant, Kilpatrick’s Publick House, employ individuals from Challenge Workforce Solutions to work in various imperative positions within housekeeping and the kitchen.
The General Manager of the Hilton Garden Inn of Ithaca, Teri Tarshus, accepted the Business Partner of the Year Award at the 49th Annual Awards Dinner, stating the workers who come from Challenge benefit the housekeeping staff by helping to ensure that rooms are ready for guests and the kitchen is in impeccable condition. “For the hotel, as a whole, it’s a fantastic feeling being able to give someone a sense of a job well done, and give them a place to say, ‘That’s where I work,’” Tarshus said.
The hotel was selected for the award from among more than 125 businesses in Tompkins County that Challenge works with to carry out its mission.
Hua Zheng, one of our dishwashers in Kilpatrick’s (the Irish Pub attached to the hotel) was also honored on May 2nd, 2017 with the Exceptional Achievement Award from Challenge Workforce Solutions.  Hua moved to Ithaca from China eight years ago and started working with Challenge a little over a year ago; he’s had plenty of success in making a name for himself and proving that he’s a hard worker.
Hua loves to venture away from the dish pit and help with breakfast prep and French fries, he is also very good at sampling new items and giving feedback on the daily specials!
Hua has an incredible work ethic and a great sense of humor.   His biggest challenge is that English is his second language; however it doesn’t stop Hua from doing a great job.  Hua enjoys sports and being a practical joker.
Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. Announces Corporate Restructure – Positioning For GrowthMonday, June 05, 2017Westlake, Ohio – Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. (EHA) announced Thursday a comprehensive corporate re-structuring as part of an evolution of growth in hotel management. This restructuring of existing corporate staff allows room for additional support positions to be added as the company aggressively seeks growth opportunities.
The company currently manages 24 hotels with Marriott, Hilton, and Hyatt franchise affiliations and is poised to add more to the portfolio in the coming months. “The vigorous work and dedication of every Emerald Hospitality associate has contributed to our success and continued growth, for which I am extremely proud and thankful for what we have accomplished together,” states James R. Gerish, former President and now Chairman and CEO, in an all-company team meeting webinar last week. He continues on, stating “as we look to our future, it is paramount we develop a strategy to maintain our commitment to fully support our hotels while establishing a structure which enables continued growth.”
Newly appointed COO Ed Pavente has been with EHA for 16 years and states “It is an exciting time for our company. Unprecedented growth along with our unwavering commitment to our many partners and investors is the catalyst for this change. Emerald is poised to show significant growth over the next several years and the foundation we are putting in place today will help to ensure our success in the future.” Pavente goes on to state “as we transition into the arena of larger sized hotel management companies we want to be able to continue to deliver upon our promise of dedicated and focused hospitality management that will deliver promising results for our associates, our guests, and our owners/investors for many years to come.”
This corporate re-structuring will promote several tenured executives into key roles within the company. Most notably:
Jim Gerish, founder of EHA and current President is named Chairman/Chief Executive Officer
Ed Pavente, named Chief Operating Officer
Jeff Gerish, named Chief Development Officer
Art Borowski, named Chief Financial Officer
Scott Arra, named Senior Vice President Operations
Lori Berhent, named Vice President of Revenue Generation and Business Development
Jeanne Carpentier, named Regional Vice President of Revenue Generation
Easter Brunch and Tuesday Evening Dinners at the Emerald Event Center in Avon, OhioTuesday, April 11, 2017Avon, Ohio – The Emerald Event Center will be featuring Easter Brunch for the whole family on Easter Sunday, April 16. Brunch will feature a delicious buffet of endless traditional and gourmet choices along with the Easter Bunny. There will be an egg hunt in our courtyard, weather permitting. Visit the event page for menu, details and reservation information.
Also, a sure sign of spring – Tuesday Evening Dinners are back! Every Tuesday evening Chef Bernie provides a fabulous menu in our comfortable CRAFT bar setting. As the weather improves, we will be adding our popular outdoor seating options as well. Join us this Tuesday (or any Tuesday evening this spring)!
Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland Hosts Make A Wish RecipientMonday, April 03, 2017Portland, Maine – Last week the Embassy Suites by Hilton in Portland, Maine, had the honor of hosting 5-year old Mikaela and her family who traveled all the way from Puerto Rico. Mikaela came to the property on behalf of Make A Wish. Her wish was “to see and build a snowman.” Make A Wish contacted the Sales team and invited the hotel to host the family the night they landed into Portland.  They informed the hotel that Mikaela would be traveling to Sunday River Ski Resort in Bethel, Maine the next morning to fulfill her wish of building a snowman.  Mikaela also had a “special visitor” surprising her the next morning at our Hotel. This special visitor was none other than the Snow Queen herself.
After hearing of Mikaela’s wish and with her anticipated arrival, several of the hotel staff took it upon themselves to make her visit a most special and memorable one. Specifically, the front desk team including, Rosemarie Brischetto, Abby Wells, Amber Aaskov, and Eevee Staples transformed the hotel’s boardroom into a Winter Wonderland for Mikaela and the Snow Queen. Assistant General Manager, Jennifer Leclair, Chef, Peter Pappas, Executive Housekeeper, Nita Olsen and Housekeeping Supervisor, Jess Bennett also played a large part in providing the family with a warm Maine welcome by filling her guest room with decorations, stuffed animals and cookies. Over the next 24 hours, Mikaela roamed the Hotel like the little celebrity she was.
After spending a few days up at the ski resort and fulfilling her wish of making her snowman, Mikaela returned later in the week to stay at the Embassy Suites one more night before she and her family began their journey home. Though Mikaela’s time in Maine was for only a few days, she brought much joy and happiness to everyone. The hotel staff were so pleased to see her wish granted which was all made possible by the wonderful folks at Make A Wish and were honored to take part in it. Without question, the team as a whole genuinely demonstrated our core values of being gracious, engaging and caring and exemplified what it truly means to make a difference in someone’s life in ways both big and small.
Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown Receives Prestigious Hotel Success Award/Top 5% of BrandMonday, April 03, 2017Freeport, Maine – Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton Worldwide’s upscale global brand of hotels, recently recognized Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown as the Hotel Success Award winner for their outstanding achievements during the past year. The property, which is owned by Dover Properties and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, received this honor as a best in class performer from among the brand’s 700 hotels worldwide.  This is the third consecutive year that this property was recognized for Best in Class performance.
“We are honored to be recognized again with this prestigious award”, said Adrienne Patenaude, General Manger. “Our team members are committed to treating our guests as family. It is important that our guests have the most positive and memorable experiences possible when they stay with us.”
Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown is among the top 5 percent among 700 hotels worldwide with superior service and high quality scores. In recognition of these achievements, Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown received a trophy to display in its lobby. The property was selected as one of nearly 60 individual and hotel recipients from around the world to be recognized as a brand leader with special recognition.
SpringHill Suites by Marriott Waco/Woodway Recognized as Prestigious Gold Circle Award WinnerMonday, April 03, 2017Woodway, Texas – SpringHill Suites by Marriott will held its annual Brand conference in New Orleans, LA last week where they recognized top performers within the brand. The SpringHill Suites by Marriott Waco/Woodway was among the select few to be presented with the prestigious 2016 Gold Circle Award. Gold Circle Award winners are selected annually by Marriott to recognize the top 10% of the brand based on customer feedback for overall accommodations measured through guest satisfactions surveys about the hotel. Additionally, product quality and service scores are factored in to the equation when winners are selected.
As a 2016 SpringHill Suites Brand Performance Award winner, the hotel demonstrated the very best of celebrating service. “On behalf of the staff, we are extremely honored to receive this brand award,” said Gerald Miller, general manager. “Each day, we look forward to providing exceptional customer service, ensuring our guests are happy during their stay with us and living the essence of the SpringHill Suites brand. I am very proud of my team and their efforts.”
Hampton Inn and Suites Tampa/Wesley Chapel Presented with Circle of Excellence by HiltonThursday, March 23, 2017Wesley Chapel, Florida – Hampton by Hilton, Hilton’s global mid-price brand of more than 2,200 hotels, has recognized Hampton Inn and Suites by Hilton Tampa/Wesley Chapel with a Circle of Excellence award. The award signifies the hotel as one of the top performing properties within the brand. It is presented to hotels that have excelled in service and growing customer loyalty.
Circle of Excellence Award winners are selected annually by the Hampton by Hilton. This award recognizes the top 15% of the brand based on customer feedback for overall accommodations measured through guest satisfaction surveys about the hotel, as well as product quality and service scores. The property will also receive a brand trophy to display in their lobby.
“On behalf of the staff, we are extremely honored to receive this brand award,” said Todd Patrick, general manager. “Each day, we look forward to providing exceptional customer service, ensuring our guests are happy during their stay with us. I am very proud of my team and their efforts.”
Hampton Inn Presque Isle Supports Local Community with Summer Gap Feeding ProgramThursday, March 16, 2017Presque Isle, Maine – Hampton Inn by Hilton team members joined together in support of the local community through a donation to the Summer Gap Feeding Program for August 2017, benefiting 250 children who attend the local MSAD 1 Elementary and Middle School.  Typically, MSAD 1 feeds both breakfast and lunch to children under 18 during the summer months, funded by a federal program, but once high school is back in session, that program is no longer available, leaving many children in the area feeling the effects of food insecurity for 20 days in August.  Team members, through donations, gave $500, which is enough to feed the children for one whole day.  James Gerish, President of the hotel’s management company, Emerald Hospitality, matched that donation with $500 from the Emerald Foundation, raising the donation to cover two whole days.
The community event supports the brand’s signature community service program, Hands-On Hamptonality. The program’s goal is to inspire acts of service to help build stronger and more connected communities through the spirit of hospitality while enabling team members to extend their friendly customer service culture, known as Hamptonality.
“Through the Hands on Hamptonality service program, our team members are able to make a positive contribution to this great community in which we live, play and work,” said Adam Cyr, general manager. “Thank you to all who participated.  Today was a great reminder that service is the greatest gift anyone can give”
Embassy Suites Portland General Manager Scott McKenney Honored with 2016 General Manager Award of MeritMonday, March 06, 2017Portland, Maine — Scott McKenney has been awarded the Embassy Suites by Hilton General Manager Award of Merit.  It is the first time McKenney has been honored with the distinction. The Embassy Suites General Manager Award of Merit is presented to the General Manager who best represents Embassy Suites in his or her hotel and in the community and demonstrates outstanding leadership, superb management, accountability, business sense and creativity. McKenney was one of three General Managers out of 223 Embassy Suites by Hilton properties recognized at the All Suites Award Ceremony on Tuesday, February 21st at the Tropicana in Las Vegas. The Embassy Suites hotel is owned by KTB Hospitality Hotel, LLC and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates.
According to the nomination submitted by the staff at the Embassy Suites Portland Maine, “Scott exemplifies what it means to be a great leader for many reasons, including his ability to empower those who are fortunate enough to work alongside him. Always cool, calm and collected, Scott offers a refreshing management style; a rarity for many in his position. If he stresses, he doesn’t ever show it. His character and patience is admired and respected by all and his belief in the Embassy Suites’ values shines through as he is genuinely gracious, engaging and caring with everyone he meets, guests and staff alike.”
“I am honored to have received this distinction,” said Scott McKenney, General Manager of the Embassy Suites by Hilton in Portland, Maine. “We strive not only to be a business leader within our community but also to contribute to the esteem of the entire Embassy Suites by Hilton brand, which has earned numerous awards for guest satisfaction throughout the years.”
Emerald Hospitality Associates assumes management of Hampton Inn Boston - Westborough, MassachusettsWednesday, March 01, 2017Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. has added a new hotel to their management portfolio: the Hampton Inn in Westborough, Massachusetts.  The Hampton Inn Boston-Westborough is owned by PKY Properties LLC.  The announcement was made by James R. Gerish, President of Emerald Hospitality Associates and graduate of Michigan State University.
“This is an exciting opportunity for us to add to our portfolio of hotels in the Northeast market as we take the reins of this outstanding performing hotel,” said Gerish.  “The Hampton Inn Boston-Westborough represents our 19th Hilton branded hotel and our 7th Hampton Inn.  Our complete portfolio is now 26 hotels, restaurants & event centers,” comments Gerish.
The Hampton Inn by Hilton in Westborough, located just off I-495 on Connector Road, offers 106 spacious guest rooms and a meeting room to accommodate up to 50 people.   Additional amenities include a fitness center, indoor heated saltwater swimming pool, business center, complimentary Wi-Fi throughout the hotel, and a convenient market of snacks and sundries.
Hilton Garden Inn Lenox Pittsfield Receives Prestigious Brand Performance Award/Top 5% of BrandTuesday, January 31, 2017Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton Worldwide’s upscale global brand of hotels, recently recognized Hilton Garden Inn Lenox Pittsfield as the Brand Performance Award winner for their outstanding achievements during the past year. The property, which is owned by Shanti Hospitality and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, received this honor as a best in class performer from among the brand’s 700 hotels worldwide.
“On behalf of the staff, we are honored to receive this brand distinction with the Brand Performance Award,” said Patty Jordan, general manger. “Our team members are committed to providing a welcoming experience with our brand’s signature service, style and SatisfactionPromise™. It is important that our guests have the most positive and memorable experiences possible when they stay with us.”
Though the award goes to the Top 5% performers in the brand, Hilton Garden Inn Lenox Pittsfield is actually ranked among the top 2 percent among 675 hotels worldwide with superior service and high quality scores. In recognition of these achievements, Hilton Garden Inn Lenox Pittsfield received a trophy to display in its lobby. The property was selected as one of nearly 27 individual and hotel recipients from around the world to be recognized as a brand leader with special recognition.
Four Emerald Hotels Receive Awards From HiltonFriday, January 13, 2017Emerald Hospitality is proud to announce that four of the properties it manages were honored by Hilton with awards.  The Hilton Garden Inn in Freeport, Maine, and the Hilton Garden Inn in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, each received Hotel Success Awards for being in the top 5% of the Hilton Garden Inn brand.  The Hampton Inn in Presque Isle, Maine, and the Hampton Inn & Suites in Wesley Chapel, Florida, each received Wall of Fame awards in the third quarter of 2016, which are given to properties in the top 15% of the brand.
Ithaca, NY Resident Honored with Prestigious Hilton Garden Inn AwardThursday, December 22, 2016Ithaca, N.Y. – Hilton Garden Inn has honored Jeff Taylor, Guest Service Agent, of Hilton Garden Inn Ithaca with the Spirit of the Garden Award. This award designates Taylor as a top performer within the global brand of Hilton Garden Inn hotels.
Nominated by their peers because of exemplary loyalty, attitude and service, the chosen team members continually exceed expectations of both customers and fellow team members. Less than one percent of all Hilton Garden Inn team members nationwide receive this honor each year.
Taylor was nominated for the award by his peers after proving to be an exceptional role model. “Jeff went out of his way to coordinate a special treat for a young guest from Italy who loves ice cream trucks and faces the challenge of Autism on a daily basis. The child’s parents were so moved by Jeff’s generosity that they wrote an amazing review on Trip Advisor recognizing Jeff for his extraordinary outreach.  He continues to make outstanding contributions to guests and team members, showing great enthusiasm in all areas of his work at the hotel,” said Teri Tarshus, General Manager. “We are proud of his recognition as a Spirit of the Garden Award winner, the company’s most prestigious team member award. Employees like Jeff create a welcoming and exceptional experience for guests which impact other team members and create a domino effect of great service.”
Taylor represents the true spirit of Hilton Garden Inn. Employed since March of 2015, Taylor has always gone above and beyond to make guests feel at home by regularly anticipating guests’ needs.
Hilton Garden Inn, which has more than 650 hotels worldwide, recognizes less than 60 team members a year with this honor. As a recipient of the award, Taylor will receive a cash prize of $350, a Spirit Award plaque and other special recognition throughout his career with Hilton Garden Inn.
 
Emerald Hospitality Associates and Nimbus Investment Fund Acquire the Doubletree Hotel in Leominster, MAWednesday, November 30, 2016Westlake, OH – Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. has added a new hotel to their management portfolio: the Doubletree Hotel by Hilton in Leominster, MA.  The acquisition was made through a subsidiary of Nimbus Investment Fund, LP, an independent affiliate of Emerald Hospitality.  The announcement was made by James R. Gerish, President of Emerald Hospitality Associates and graduate of Michigan State University.
“This is an exciting opportunity for us to add to our portfolio of hotels in the Northeast market as we take the reins of this outstanding performing hotel,” said Gerish.  “The Doubletree represents our 18th Hilton branded hotel and our first Doubletree.  Our complete portfolio is now 25 hotels, restaurants & event centers,” comments Gerish.  “This hotel represents the type of asset that both Emerald and Nimbus Investment Fund seek to acquire:  high quality, premium branded hotels in thriving potential-filled markets.”
The Doubletree Hotel by Hilton in Leominster offers 187 spacious guest rooms and over 14,000 square feet of divisible meeting space, a restaurant and a lounge.   Additional amenities include a fitness center, indoor heated swimming pool, business center, complimentary Wi-Fi throughout the hotel, and a convenient market of snacks and sundries.
Jeanne Carpentier honored as 2016’s Maine Innkeeper of the YearFriday, November 11, 2016Portland, Maine – At the Maine Innkeepers Association annual meeting and awards dinner held in Portland last night at the Holiday Inn by the Bay, Jeanne Carpentier was honored as 2016’s Maine Innkeeper of the Year in recognition of her years of service to the hospitality industry in Maine, as well as her constant support to the association and the Maine Innkeepers Education Foundation.  Jeanne has been involved with the association since she started in the industry as a “breakfast hostess and secretary to the GM” at the Hampton Inn South Portland in 1986.  She is now employed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., as Regional Director of Sales and Marketing for New England and New York.
The text on the plaque presented to Ms. Carpentier reads:
“Innkeeper of the Year:  To an Innkeeper who is a very devoted hospitality professional and an incredibly dedicated association leader.  Jeanne was a tremendous support during her two years as Chair of the Association.  Jeanne was also Chair of our Education Foundation during a period of unprecedented growth.”
Emerald Hospitality Associates Honors Top Performers at 2016 General Manager SummitWednesday, September 21, 2016Avon, Ohio – Emerald Hospitality Associates of Westlake, Ohio, hosted a General Manager Summit at the Emerald Event Center in Avon, Ohio on Monday and Tuesday, September 19 and 20.  Regional Operations Managers Josh Cushing and Kim Madigan led forums and team building activities with the General Managers from all regions of the United States.  Top performers from their 21 hotels were honored with the following awards.

Highest Growth in Gross Operating Profit – January – July 2016 Year over Year: Gerald Miller – Spring Hill Suites, Waco-Woodway, TX


Highest Overall Service score – January – August 2016: Patty Jordan – Fairfield Inn & Suites, Great Barrington, MA


Lowest Turnover Ratio rolling 12 months: Adam Cyr – Hampton Inn Presque Isle, Maine

The Hilton Garden Inn Auburn Rebrands & Redesigns the BeauVine Chophouse RestaurantFriday, July 29, 2016Auburn, NY – At a time when private investment in downtown Auburn continues to expand, the partners at BeauVine Chophouse, located in the Hilton Garden Inn, have joined forces to upgrade the hotel’s bar and restaurant space to attract additional clientele. The new name, “Refinery,” will serve modern fare in a more relaxed, casual environment than offered before.
The new menu, created by Chef Cory Collins features a mix of traditional pub fare with a new school twist reminiscent of the popular gastropub concept.  “We source as much of the food locally as we can and are excited to offer a unique mix of eclectic items such as banh mi nachos and duck quesadillas. We tried to elevate the food above your typical perception of pub food. We also have a strong focus on producing as much as we can from scratch making the vast majority of our items in house, even the pickles,” said Chef Collins.
“Guests of the Hilton Garden Inn will enjoy a modern but relaxed atmosphere at Refinery as part of their stay and area residents are welcomed to experience Refinery for its unique design elements, innovative modern fare, creative cocktails and tempting desserts seven nights a week”, added Ed Pavente VP of Operations for the restaurant operator Emerald Hospitality.
The project team members are Jesse Kline, interior designer; Keith Traub & Theresa Daddona-Traub, creative design & fabrication for Unite Two Design; Brian Redfield & Emma Bauso, signage by Image Agent, brand design and buildout by Totum; and Ron Dennis, creative design & concrete installation.
Kline shared, “It was such a pleasure to assemble key players to come together to work on this exciting new project. The look of the space, a gastro-lounge, is something new & different from downtown’s current offerings. Plus, everything was custom designed and built- the lighting, the artwork and decorative pieces are one of a kind that really showcases the artists that were involved, and the raw materials that were used to make them.”
The talented team, Unite Two Design, created the decorative screen in the dining room, plus the window treatments, lighting pendants & wall sconces, the wall art and niche box installation, and faced the bar & mirrors with brushed brass metal. “We are especially thankful for Jesse Kline who brought us onboard and for Ed Pavente who believed in our vision. Jesse and Ed gave us the ability to be truly creative and do what we love and we couldn’t be more pleased with the finished product. We hope you will join us for the grand opening to celebrate.”
The flooring showcases the skillful work of Stamped Concrete by Ron Dennis, who replaced the carpeting in the center square of the bar space, with textured stamped concrete stained shades of light & dark grays set off with a capital “R” in the middle, as part of the Refinery’s new brand.
Working off the project’s color palette, which is purple, chartreuse & chocolate brown, Totum created branding concepts, the menu design, the website and photography. Image Agent designed the exterior signage and interior vinyl installation to keep the Refinery identity cohesive and whole. “Coming into the project, Jesse, Ed, Eric Ridley and Jessica Cantu had an idea of the new feel they wanted to bring into the restaurant, including a slogan that we considered while envisioning the Refinery identity. From there, we worked to carry their branding through every aspect of the designing of their website, signage, menu and photography.”
The public is encouraged to celebrate at Refinery during their First Friday event happening August 5th from 5 – 8PM. Come, sample the new food & beverage menu and enjoy the artful unique surroundings.
Josh Cushing named Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc.'s Regional ManagerThursday, July 14, 2016Freeport, ME – Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., is pleased to announce the promotion of Josh Cushing to Regional Manager.  Cushing has been the General Manager of the Hilton Garden Inn in Freeport, Maine for six years, one of the many hotels Emerald Hospitality manages.  Josh will oversee the operations of hotels in Maine, Massachusetts, Ohio, and Michigan.
“We are incredibly excited for one of our General Managers to be promoted into this position and Josh’s proven hospitality professionalism and enthusiasm will continue to help us grow in the future”, said Ed Pavente, Vice President of Operations for Emerald Hospitality Associates.  “Josh has been an incredibly valuable part of our team and this promotion further proves his excellent leadership ability.”
Brad Bosse Joins Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine as Director of SalesThursday, July 14, 2016Portland, ME – The Embassy Suites Portland, Maine, owned by KTB Hospitality Hotel, LLC and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., announced that Brad Bosse has been named Director of Sales.  As Director of Sales, Bosse will direct areas of the hotel including guest services, sales and marketing efforts, and hotel administration.
“Based on Bosse’s outstanding record in hotel sales, we are confident that he will be instrumental in ensuring the continued success of this hotel,” said Scott McKenney, General Manager.
The Embassy Suites has 119 guest suites and is located at 1050 Westbrook Street. The hotel provides guests with a full complement of services and amenities, including breakfast, lunch and dinner served at the Café Stroudwater.  Join us Monday nights from 7 – 10 PM to enjoy live music with the Tony Boffa Trio.  All Embassy Suites Hotels offer spacious two-room suites that include a separate living area with a sofa bed and well-lit dining/work table, private bedroom and bath, hair dryers, MP3 clock radio, two flat screen televisions, two dual-line phones, high-speed Internet access, a wet bar, mini-refrigerator, microwave oven, an iron and ironing board, a fitness center, a free, cooked-to-order breakfast each morning and a complimentary two-hour Manager’s Reception each evening.
Residence Inn Avon and Emerald Event Center Celebrate Grand OpeningWednesday, June 29, 2016By Maggie Sullivan – Avon’s latest major addition to its growing commercial industry, the Emerald Event Center, celebrated its grand opening with a ribbon cutting ceremony, live music, drinks and appetizers Tuesday night.
General Manager Aisha Schoonover said, “We’re super excited. I think this—a first class business center with a hotel connection—was really needed in the community”
The Emerald Event Center is located at 33040 Just Imagine Drive, attached to the Residence Inn Marriott. The banquet and reception ballroom can serve weddings, birthdays, business conferences, proms, class reunions and more.
The main group function room is about 7,000 square feet and can accommodate 500-700 people depending on the type of event. The hotel has 116 suites and boasts a pool, fitness center and full-service bar.
Although the Emerald Event Center has been open since January and the Residence Inn has been open since March, the grand opening was scheduled for June because, “We wanted to showcase the outdoor facilities as well…and give our neighbors and partners the honor they deserve,” said Schoonover.
According to Schoonover, the facility has already hosted four weddings and many corporate meetings. A total of 18 weddings are scheduled for the remainder of the year and engaged couples have already booked the space for 2017 and 2018.
“We have received a lot of support from the community…The response has been phenomenal. Everyone has been so generous. We feel so humbled and honored to have booked so many events here,” said Schoonover.
In recognition of the opening, the Emerald Foundation, a body established by James and Kris Gerish, donated $1,000 to three local charitable organizations: the North Coast Chamber of Commerce Education Foundation, the Lorain county American Cancer Society branch and Community Resource Services.
The Emerald Foundation’s Regional Director of Sales and Marketing Lori Berhent said, “We wanted to support the communities we have hotels in and keep it in our backyard to be good, responsible corporate partners.”
Originally posted at http://www.cleveland.com/avon/index.ssf/2016/06/emerald_event_center_celebrate.html
Emerald Hospitality Associates and Nimbus Investment Fund Acquire the Hampton Inn & Suites in Wesley Chapel, FloridaMonday, June 27, 2016Westlake, OH – Emerald Hospitality Associates has added a new hotel to their management portfolio: the Hampton Inn and Suites Tampa Wesley Chapel in Florida.  The acquisition was made through Nimbus Investment Fund, LP, an independent affiliate of Emerald Hospitality.  The announcement was made by James R. Gerish, President of Emerald Hospitality Associates and graduate of Michigan State University.
“This is an exciting opportunity for us to add to our portfolio of hotels in the Florida market as we take the reins of this outstanding performing hotel” said Gerish.  “The Hampton Inn and Suites represents our 7th Hampton Inn property but is our 1st Hampton Inn and Suites.  Our complete portfolio is now 25 hotels, restaurants & event centers” comments Gerish.  “This hotel represents the type of asset that both Emerald and Nimbus Investment Fund seek to acquire:  high quality, premium branded hotels in thriving potential-filled markets”.
The Hampton Inn and Suites Tampa Wesley Chapel, offers 94 spacious suites and guestrooms as well as 2 separate meeting spaces offering a combined total of 1200 square feet of space.  Additional hotel features and amenities include: fitness center, outdoor pool, business center, complimentary Wi-Fi throughout hotel, convenience shop, Hot on the House® breakfast daily and of course, the 100% Hampton Guarantee.
Fairfield Inn & Suites Great Barrington Wins Performance Award for 2015Monday, May 23, 2016Great Barrington, MA – The Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott in Great Barrington, Berkshires, Massachusetts  celebrates today as Marriott International Inc. presents the hotel with the prestigious Performance Award. After receiving the Silver Award, the Fairfield Inn & Suites/Great Barrington is thrilled to share this remarkable achievement with the Marriott International and Fairfield Inn & Suites community, as well as all of Great Barrington, MA.
“Our dedicated team is making a difference by consistently putting the guests’ needs first, enabling them to make the most of their time in the Berkshires. We are very proud that the associates create an atmosphere that our visitors can call home,” says Patty Jordan, General Manager.
In addition to the Silver Performance Award, the Fairfield Inn & Suites was also recently rated #1 hotel in Great Barrington on Trip Advisor.
Located at 249 Stockbridge Road, the 93-room Fairfield Inn & Suites/Great Barrington operates as a Marriott franchise, owned by Irinoula Hospitality of Great Barrington, MA and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. of Westlake, OH. The hotel is perfect for reunions, wedding blocks, corporate meetings, functions, and families.
With the promise of consistent and reliable service at an exceptional value, Fairfield Inn & Suites is ideal for guests looking a productive travel experience without skipping a beat. Flexible and functional, Fairfield’s thoughtfully designed rooms and suites offer separate areas for working, living, and sleeping. Fairfield Inn & Suites Great Barrington provides the largest indoor heated pool & hot tub in the area, game room, fitness room  along with our brand standards of complimentary hot breakfast every day, a “connect and print” area, and free Wi-Fi, as well as a 24/7 Corner Market.
Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine Honored With National Brand AwardThursday, March 31, 2016Portland, ME – Embassy Suites by Hilton, one of Hilton Worldwide’s thirteen market-leading brands, announced this month winners of its global brand awards. Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine, part of Embassy Suites by Hilton’s global brand of upscale all-suites hotels, has won the Make a Difference and the Make it Right Awards of Excellence for demonstrating the highest combined guest satisfaction scores in overall service, problem resolution and culture.  The Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine is owned by KTB Hospitality and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates.
Embassy Suites Portland, Maine was presented with the award based on scores given by guests specifically asking about their experience at the hotel regarding the service and culture.  This year marks the second time that the Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine has been recognized for this award.
“We are honored to have received this distinction,” said Scott McKenney General Manager, Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine “We strive not only to be a business leader within our community but also to contribute to the esteem of the entire Embassy Suites by Hilton brand, which has earned numerous awards for guest satisfaction throughout the years.”
All guests at Embassy Suites by Hilton Portland, Maine enjoy the brand’s signature amenities including a complimentary made-to-order breakfast, a two-hour complimentary evening reception with snacks and drinks and all-suite accommodations with two flat-screen high-definition televisions and wet bar fitted with a microwave, mini-fridge and a selection of gourmet coffee and teas.  The hotel also provides complimentary 24 hour airport shuttle service, an indoor heated pool, hot tub and sauna and a complete fitness center equipped with state of the art treadmills, elliptical and bicycle.
Residence Inn Avon Opens at the Emerald Event CenterTuesday, March 29, 2016Avon, Ohio — The 116-suite Residence Inn by Marriott in Avon, Ohio opened this Tuesday, March 29, 2016. Located at 33040 Just Imagine Drive, the all-suite Residence Inn Cleveland-Avon at the Emerald Event Center will operate as a Marriott franchise, managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. of Westlake, Ohio.
Attached to the Emerald Event Center and adjacent to the Richard E. Jacobs Health Center, the Residence Inn Cleveland-Avon at the Emerald Event Center is located 17 miles from downtown Cleveland and offers its guests convenient access to Crocker Park, Avon Commons and Cedar Point. Rates vary depending on length of stay.
“We are pleased to introduce Residence Inn hotels in the Avon area,” said Diane Mayer, vice president and global brand manager, Residence Inn. “When on the road for an extended period, our guests need space to spread out, maintain their life’s pace and restore their energy to help them maintain a healthy balance and routine while traveling. This new hotel offers them a seamless blend of modern style and functionality that allows them to settle in and thrive.”
Residence Inn properties are designed as all-suite hotels that offer studio, one-bedroom and two-bedroom suites. Guests looking for a revitalizing sleep experience will enjoy the hotel’s plush mattresses and crisp linens, while guests focused on being productive will value their suite’s large, well-lit work desk, ergonomic chair and complimentary high-speed Internet access. Designed for stays of five nights or more, each suite also has a fully-equipped kitchen with a coffeemaker, microwave oven and residential-sized appliances.
The Residence Inn Cleveland-Avon at the Emerald Event Center’s complimentary breakfast has a variety of great options, including specially made featured items. Guests can start their day off right with healthy food choices and, with a convenient to-go offering, can make sure they do not miss the most important meal of the day.
Extending the feeling of comfortable living on the road, the Residence Inn Cleveland-Avon at the Emerald Event Center offers guests inviting and functional public spaces to relax or collaborate. Road warriors and families alike enjoy the hotel’s grocery delivery service, complimentary Wi-Fi, 24-hour onsite food and beverage market, dry cleaning services, and onsite guest laundry room. The hotel also maintains a business library where guests can fax, copy and print materials, and provides guests with a lobby bar, a limited-item restaurant, an indoor swimming pool, exercise room and Sport Court®.
The hotel also connects to the Emerald Event Center, a state-of-the-art conference facility with highly flexible event space. The Emerald Event Center offers over 11,000 square feet of total event space with onsite catering and an outdoor Courtyard that provides a unique setting for any occasion.
Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown Receives Prestigious Hotel Success Award/Top 5% of BrandFriday, February 19, 2016Freeport, Maine – Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton Worldwide’s upscale global brand of hotels, recently recognized Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown as the Hotel Success Award winner for their outstanding achievements during the past year. The property, which is owned by Dover Properties and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., received this honor as a best in class performer from among the brand’s 665 hotels worldwide.
“On behalf of the staff, we are honored to receive this brand distinction with the Hotel Success Award, said Josh Cushing, general manager. “Our team members are committed to providing a welcoming experience with our brand’s signature service, style and Satisfaction Promise™. It is important that our guests have the most positive and memorable experiences possible when they stay with us.”
Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown is among the top 5 percent among 665 hotels worldwide with superior service and high quality scores. In recognition of these achievements, Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown received a trophy to display in its lobby. The property was selected as one of nearly 60 individual and hotel recipients from around the world to be recognized as a brand leader with special recognition.
HGI Auburn Assistant General Manager Honored with Prestigious Hilton Garden Inn AwardWednesday, February 10, 2016Auburn, N.Y. – Hilton Garden Inn has honored Michelle Quintana, Assistant General Manager of the Hilton Garden Inn Auburn, with the Spirit of the Garden Award. This award designates Quintana as a top performer within the global brand of Hilton Garden Inn hotels. 
Nominated by their peers because of exemplary loyalty, attitude and service, the chosen team members continually exceed expectations of both customers and fellow team members. Less than one percent of all Hilton Garden Inn team members nationwide receive this honor each year.
Quintana was nominated for the award by her peers after proving to be an exceptional role model. “Michelle continues to make outstanding contributions to guests and team members, showing great enthusiasm in all areas of his work at the hotel,” said Eric Ridley, general manager. “We are proud of her recognition as a Spirit of the Garden Award winner, the company’s most prestigious team member award. Employees like Michelle create a welcoming and exceptional experience for guests which impacts other team members and creates a domino effect of great service.”
Quintana represents the true spirit of Hilton Garden Inn. Employed since July of 2014, Quintana has always gone above and beyond to make guests feel at home by regularly anticipating guests’ needs. 
Hilton Garden Inn, which has more than 650 hotels worldwide, recognizes less than 60 team members a year with this honor. As a recipient of the award, Quintana will receive a cash prize of $350, a Spirit Award plaque and other special recognition throughout her career with Hilton Garden Inn.
Located at 74 State Street, Hilton Garden Inn Auburn is situated downtown near the Musical Theater Festival District and the Seward House Museum.  The hotel is ideal for business and leisure travelers. All Hilton Garden Inn guests will see why “Life’s Better at the Garden™” through amenities including complimentary Wi-Fi throughout the hotel, 24-hour business center with Print Spots™ remote printing, a state-of-the-art fitness center, indoor heated pool, Event Center and outdoor garden with custom stone fire pit. The Garden Grille and Bar® offers a full cooked-to-order breakfast and dinner, cocktails, and evening room service. The Pavilion Pantry® is open 24 hours and features a complete selection of salty snacks, sweet treats, cold beverages, and frozen, microwaveable packaged items.
Each guest room boast the brand’s signature bedding featuring fresh, white duvets and crisp linens, a spacious and clutter-free work desk with an ergonomic desk chair, and an in-room “hospitality center” with a mini fridge and a microwave oven as well as a Keurig coffee maker. 
Homewood Suites Syracuse Opens to the PublicMonday, January 04, 2016Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., is proud to announce the opening of the newest property in its portfolio, the Homewood Suites located in Syracuse, New York.
“Frequent business travelers appreciate close proximity to their meetings, and with our location in the Pioneer Business Park guests are within steps from the hotel,” said Jim Stocker, general manager. “Also, for parents visiting students at Syracuse University, Homewood Suites by Hilton provides all-suite accommodations with fully-equipped kitchens that offer them the opportunity to prepare their kids’ favorite meals when visiting with a comfortable home-like experience.”
Developed and owned by Pioneer Companies and managed by Emerald Hospitality, Homewood Suites Syracuse/Carrier Circle adds to the brand’s growing portfolio of hotels in the northeast offering travelers an upscale, extended-stay hotel option. The new hotel will feature 101 suites which will be a combination of studio, one and two bedroom suites.
Located at 6006 Fair Lakes Road, Homewood Suites Syracuse/Carrier Circle is conveniently situated seven miles from the Syracuse Hancock International Airport. Guests also enjoy convenient access to local businesses and attractions like Destiny USA, Syracuse University and the Carrier Dome.
The new hotel offers guests inviting, generous all suite-accommodations including fully equipped kitchens, free daily full-hot breakfast and Wi-Fi. Additional essentials include a complimentary evening social Monday-Thursday. In addition, Homewood Suites by Hilton offers recreational options such as a fitness center and indoor pool, enabling travelers to “stay in the groove.”
Homewood Suites by Hilton Syracuse/Carrier Circle participates in Hilton HHonors®, the only hotel loyalty program that allows members to earn Points & Miles® on the same stay and No Blackout Dates on reward stays. HHonors members always get our lowest price with our Best Price Guarantee, along with HHonors Points, digital check-in and no booking fees only when they book directly through Hilton.
Residence Inn in Avon Ohio Nearing CompletionWednesday, October 28, 2015The new 116 room Residence Inn located in Avon, Ohio is nearing completion, as shown by the latest aerial photo.  The Emerald Event Center is expected to open soon, with the hotel to follow shortly thereafter.  A larger version of this image can be viewed via Twitter.
Emerald Hospitality Associates and Nimbus Investment Fund Acquire the Hilton Garden Inn in Plymouth, MichiganFriday, October 09, 2015Westlake, OH based Emerald Hospitality Associates, a premier full service hotel management and development company, announced today that they have purchased and will manage the Hilton Garden Inn Plymouth Michigan. This acquisition is in partnership with Nimbus Investment Fund, LP, an independent affiliate of Emerald Hospitality. The announcement was made by James R. Gerish, President of Emerald Hospitality Associates.
“This is an exciting opportunity for us to enter the Michigan market as we take the reigns of this outstanding performing hotel” said Gerish. “The Hilton Garden Inn Plymouth represents our 8th Hilton Garden Inn and brings our portfolio to 24 hotels” comments Gerish. “This hotel represents the type of asset that both Emerald and Nimbus Investment Fund seek to acquire: high quality, premium branded hotels in thriving potential-filled markets”.
The Hilton Garden Inn Plymouth, offers 157 guestrooms, an extensive lobby featuring the Garden Grill & Bar, 24-hour fitness center, business center, indoor pool, sundry shop, 1408 square feet of meeting space and complimentary shuttle service within a 5 mile radius. In early 2014, the hotel completed a comprehensive $2.7 million renovation introducing the Hilton Garden Inn’s Project Grow lobby refresh, thorough upgrade of all guestrooms as well as public interior and exterior upgrades.
The Hilton Garden Inn Plymouth provides travelers with award-winning service, inviting social spaces, and high-end amenities ensuring a great stay at an even greater value. All Hilton Garden Inn guests will enjoy the brand’s signature bedding featuring fresh, white duvets and crisp linens, complimentary Wi-Fi, a 24-hour business center, state-of-the-art fitness center, Keurig coffee maker and a full service restaurant and bar offering full cooked-to-order breakfast, dinner, cocktails, and evening room service.
Hilton Garden Inn Plymouth participates in Hilton HHonors®, the only hotel rewards program that offers Points & Miles® and No Blackout Dates.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst Celebrates Official OpeningTuesday, August 25, 2015Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst, the first Hyatt Place in Western New York, is officially open in Amherst, N.Y. The 137-room hotel brings the Hyatt Place brand’s intuitive design, casual atmosphere, and practical amenities, such as free Wi-Fi and 24-hour food offerings, to the Buffalo area.
Located on Main Street, directly off of Interstate 290, Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst is central to all of Buffalo’s main attractions. The attractive, beautifully landscaped hotel is less than five miles from Buffalo Niagara International airport, the University at Buffalo, and three of Buffalo’s largest malls. The hotel is about a 20-minute drive to Niagara Falls, Ralph Wilson Stadium, home of the Buffalo Bills, and First Niagara Center, home of the Buffalo Sabres. A number of family-friendly activities are also nearby, including the Aquarium of Niagara, the Buffalo Zoological Gardens, and Six Flags Darien Lake, which is less than 30 minutes away. Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst is also within walking distance to the village of Williamsville and hamlet of Snyder, offering guests a variety of shops and restaurants, as well as the picturesque setting of Glen Falls.
“As Buffalo continues to grow and thrive economically, we are excited to add to the momentum by welcoming the first Hyatt Place hotel to the area,” said General Manager David Zeplowitz. “With our smartly designed social spaces and guestrooms with separate areas to work and sleep, Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst offers multitasking travelers the room they need to spread out, and our free hot breakfast is just the thing to get our guests going in the morning.”
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst features:

137 spacious guestrooms, all of which offer a swiveling 42-inch HDTV, the plush Hyatt Grand Bed® and Cozy Corner sectional sofa
Free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel
Complimentary a.m. Kitchen Skillet™ breakfast for guests, featuring freshly prepared breakfast sandwiches, a variety of fresh fruits, hot and cold cereal, yogurt, breads, premium coffee and an assortment of juices
1,887 square feet of flexible, high-tech meeting/function space
24/7 Gallery Menu serving made-to-order entrees and appetizers around the clock
A Coffee to Cocktails Bar featuring specialty coffees and premium beers, as well as wines and cocktails
Spacious and well-equipped 24-hour Gym
Free airport shuttle service

“Buffalo-Niagara is a vibrant region, filled with friendly people, great neighborhoods, and an ever expanding list of great places to visit and things to do or see,” states Paul B. Iskalo, President & CEO of Iskalo Development Corp. “Our hotel is central to all of them and we are confident that the Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst will exceed guest expectations and provide them with everything they need while visiting our area.”
HYATT PLACE BUFFALO/AMHERST LEADERSHIP
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst is under the leadership of General Manager David Zeplowitz and Director of Sales Julie Bishop. In his role, Zeplowitz is directly responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the hotel, including overseeing the hotel’s 35 associates and ensuring guests encounter the purposeful service for which Hyatt Place is known. Bishop is responsible for providing sales service and support to travelers and meeting planners frequenting the Buffalo area.
Christopher Lothridge Named New Director of Sales of the Hampton Inn in Waterville, MEMonday, August 24, 2015Emerald Hospitality Associates today announced that Christopher Lothridge has been appointed the new director of sales of the Hampton Inn in Waterville, Maine. The 81-room hotel is located at 425 Kennedy Memorial Drive in Waterville. As director of sales, Lothridge will be responsible for leading and directing the development and implementation of strategic sales and marketing plans in the hotel’s continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service.
“Based on Chris’ outstanding record, we are confident that he will be instrumental in ensuring the success of the Hampton Inn, Waterville,” said Jeanne Carpentier, Regional Director of Sales with Emerald Hospitality.
Prior to joining the Hampton Inn Waterville, Lothridge was Conference Services Manager at another hotel in Maine.
Hampton Inn Waterville is located near Colby College. Hotel amenities include a free breakfast buffet, the Hampton Satisfaction Guarantee as well as the Perfect Mix Lobby, designed with a variety of seating and lighting options for both leisure and business travelers as an extension of the guestroom. Guestrooms are equipped with either one king bed or two queen beds, microwaves and refrigerators and 35” HD televisions.
For more information or to make reservations for the Hampton Inn Waterville please visit the hotel website www.Waterville.Hampton.com or call 207-873-0400.  Hampton by Hilton participates in Hilton HHonors®, the only hotel loyalty program that allows members to earn Points & Miles® on the same stay and No Blackout Dates on reward stays. HHonors members always get our lowest price with our Best Price Guarantee, along with HHonors Points, digital check-in and no booking fees only when they book directly through Hilton.
Emerald Hospitality Celebrates Grand Opening of HGI PittsfieldTuesday, August 18, 2015Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., is proud to announce the grand opening of the Hilton Garden Inn Lenox/Pittsfield in Massachusetts.  The 95-room hotel opened for business on Monday, August 17, 2015, and includes three suites offering more than double the space of a standard guest room and a sofa bed.
The Hilton Garden Inn Lenox/Pittsfield also offers two flexible conference spaces with enough space for up to 75 people, a heated indoor pool, hot tub, and fitness center.  The Garden Grille & Bar offers breakfast. Relax with a drink in the welcoming atmosphere of the hotel’s bar, before ordering a meal from our evening room service menu to enjoy in your room. The handy 24-hour Pavilion Pantry® stocks a variety of snacks, drinks and any last-minute essentials you might have forgotten.
New Aerial Photo Shows Progress on Residence Inn in Avon OhioThursday, August 13, 2015The newest available aerial photograph shows the continuing progress of the construction of the new 116 room Residence Inn located in Avon, Ohio.  The exterior of the hotel and event center are nearing completion.  A larger version of this image can be viewed via Twitter.
New General Manager and Director of Sales Named for Homewood Suites SyracuseTuesday, August 11, 2015Homewood Suites by Hilton Syracuse-Carrier Circle, owned and operated by Pioneer Companies and managed by Emerald Hospitality, today announced that Jim Stocker has been appointed general manager of the new Homewood Suites by Hilton hotel located at 6006 Fair Lakes Road East Syracuse. The four story, 101 suite hotel is currently under construction and is scheduled to open October, 2015.
 
As general manager, Jim Stocker, will direct all areas of the hotel’s operations, including guest services, sales and marketing efforts and hotel administration.
 
“Jim has significant experience in the hospitality industry with a focus on management and sales and we believe that his overall strengths and passion for building relationships will be a great asset to the entire Homewood Suites Syracuse team,” said Ed Pavente, vice president of operations, Emerald Hospitality.
 
Prior to joining Homewood Suites Syracuse-Carrier Circle, Stocker was the general manager for another all suite property in Syracuse. Stocker is a graduate of Delmar College and holds a degree in Business Administration.
In addition, Sarah Nichols has been appointed director of sales of the new Homewood Suites.  As director of sales of the upscale, all-suite, extended-stay hotel, Nichols will be in charge of networking and assessing the needs of local businesses, working with the general manager to facilitate marketing efforts, and overseeing sales initiatives that assure the success of the hotel.
 
“Based on Sarah’s excellent sales abilities, we are confident she will be instrumental in ensuring the success of the Homewood Suites Syracuse,” said Jeanne Carpentier, regional director of sales, Emerald Hospitality.
 
Prior to joining the Homewood Suites Syracuse-Carrier Circle, Nichols was sales manager for four high-end independent hotels. Nichols is a graduate of Monroe Community College and holds a degree in Hospitality Management, Hotel Technology.
 
When completed, the new Homewood Suites Syracuse-Carrier Circle will provide travelers amenities and services that maximize their travel budget. Offering guests inviting, generous all suite-accommodations including fully equipped kitchens and complimentary internet, additional essentials include free daily full-hot breakfast and complimentary evening social Monday-Thursday. In addition, Homewood Suites by Hilton offers a complimentary grocery shopping service* and fun recreational options such as an outdoor cooking area, fitness center, indoor pool and sports court, enabling travelers to “stay in the groove.”
 
Homewood Suites by Hilton Syracuse-Carrier Circle participates in Hilton HHonors®, the only hotel loyalty program that allows members to earn Points & Miles® on the same stay and No Blackout Dates on reward stays. HHonors members always get our lowest price with our Best Price Guarantee, along with HHonors Points, digital check-in and no booking fees only when they book directly through Hilton.
 
For more information or to make a reservation,visit the hotel website at Homewood Suites Syracuse-Carrier Circle or call +1 315 433 1009
 
Read more about Homewood Suites by Hilton at www.homewoodsuites.com and www.news.homewoodsuites.com.
*Guest pays for groceries. Other restrictions apply.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst Preparing to OpenThursday, June 04, 2015The Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst is nearly ready for its grand opening.  Construction is substantially complete and staff is currently being hired.  The 137 room hotel is currently expected to open in July, 2015.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst Job FairFriday, May 22, 2015Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. is holding a job fair for full- and part-time positions at the Hyatt Place in Buffalo/Amherst in New York.  The job fair will be held June 2nd, 4th, and 6th.  The hotel is scheduled to open July, 2015.
For more details, click here.
Hampton Inn in Presque Isle, Maine, Receives Customer Service Award from Chamber of CommerceTuesday, May 12, 2015The Hampton Inn located in Presque Isle, Maine, was recently honored by the Local Chamber of Commerce with a Customer Service Award.  This award recognized the hotel for excellent customer helpfulness and friendliness.  Pictured is the staff of the hotel receiving the award, which was presented by Theresa Fowler, Chamber Director.
New Aerial Photo of the Residence Inn Avon ConstructionTuesday, May 05, 2015A new aerial photograph shows the progress of construction at the Residence Inn in Avon, Ohio.  A larger version of this image can be viewed via Twitter.
Scott McKenney Named General Manager of Hilton Garden Inn Lenox/PittsfieldTuesday, April 07, 2015Pittsfield, MA – The Hilton Garden Inn Lenox/Pittsfield, managed by Emerald Hospitality, today announced that Scott McKenney has been appointed General Manager of the new Hilton Garden Inn located at 1032 South Street, Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The 95-room hotel, currently under construction, is scheduled to open in July 2015. As GM, McKenney will direct all areas of the hotel’s operations, including guest services, sales, and marketing efforts and hotel administration.
“Based on Scott’s outstanding record in hotel management, we are confident that he will be instrumental in ensuring the success of this new Hilton Garden Inn,” said Ed Pavente, VP of Operations with Emerald Hospitality. “Scott will be a strong asset to this new property as we gear up for its opening.”
Prior to joining the Hilton Garden Inn Pittsfield, McKenney was General Manager of the Hilton Garden Inn in Auburn, Maine. McKenney is a graduate of the University of Southern Maine with a degree in Communication and a concentration in Marketing. Situated just minutes from Tanglewood, the Museum of Contemporary Art as well as many other sites and attractions of the Berkshire region, the Hilton Garden Inn Pittsfield provides the amenities to ensure guests have everything they need whether traveling for business or personal business.
The hotel features the brand’s signature Serta Perfect Sleeper with fresh, white, cozy duvets and crisp linens. Guests will stay productive with both wired and WiFi Internet access in guestrooms and public spaces. Each hotel guest room features a 42 inch high definition television, an ergonomic desk chair, a spacious and clutter-free work desk, speaker telephones equipped with data ports and voicemail. Guests will also benefit from the complimentary 24-hour business center, featuring Print Spots™ remote printing which allows wireless printing from any laptop or smart phone. In addition, guests can start off their day with a full-cooked-to-order breakfast featuring omelets, fruit, breads and the brand’s signature waffle in the Garden Grille & Bar. The restaurant will also serve cocktails and dinner, as well as evening room service. The Pavilion Pantry® is open 24 hours and features a complete selection of salty snacks, sweet treats, cold beverages as well as freshly prepared, frozen and microwaveable packaged items. Other hotel amenities include a glass-enclosed Pavilion lobby featuring a comfortable lounge area with a television and fireplace, an easy-to-set alarm clock that allows guests to play their portable CD or MP3 player, an in-room “hospitality center” with a mini fridge, microwave oven and coffee maker, a sitting area with an easy chair and ottoman, a hairdryer, and an iron and ironing board. The hotel’s recreational facilities consist of a fitness center with state-of-the-art cardiovascular and strength training equipment, as well as an indoor swimming pool. The hotel also features 2 meeting rooms offering 1200 square feet of flexible space and an on-site guest laundry facility.
Hilton Garden Inn Pittsfield participates in Hilton HHonors®, the only hotel rewards program that offers Points & Miles® and No Blackout Dates.
Hilton Garden Inn Rochester Downtown Hotel Officially OpensFriday, March 27, 2015Emerald Hospitality Associates is proud to announce the opening of the newest edition to its portfolio of hotels: the Hilton Garden Inn Rochester Downtown hotel. The hotel had its official opening yesterday, March 26th.  The HGI Rochester will be an excellent addition to Emerald’s portfolio of hotels. The facility itself is an adaptive reuse, as the building was formerly the Hotel Eggleston and later the home to the National Clothing company, with its last incarnation being a Bank of America office building before being repurposed to what is now the newest hotel in Rochester New York. The main building is over 100 years old and is listed on the national historic registry.
SpringHill Suites Waco/Woodway Receives 2014 Marriott Platinum AwardThursday, March 26, 2015Congratulations to Gerald Miller (General Manager) and the entire team at the SpringHill Suites by Marriott in Waco/Woodway, Texas for receiving the 2014 Marriott Platinum Award. This prestigious honor is bestowed upon the top 5% of the SpringHill Suites properties for overall guest satisfaction. Based on guest satisfaction surveys that tie directly to exceptional guest relations and service, the Platinum Award is one of Marriott International’s highest property-level awards.
Aerial Photos Show Progress of Residence Inn Avon, OhioWednesday, March 04, 2015Newly available photos taken from the air show the continuing progress of construction at the Residence Inn in Avon, Ohio.  Please follow us on Twitter @RIAvonOhio for more photos.
BeauVine Chophouse & Wine Bar "One of the Best Steakhouses in Central NY"Thursday, January 22, 2015Syracuse.com (an affiliate of the Post Standard) has included BeauVine Chophouse & Wine Bar on its list of Central New York’s best steakhouses.   Described as featuring “great steaks, fine wine and a first-class atmosphere,” BeauVine Chop House is located in the Hilton Garden Inn in Auburn, New York.  Pictured is the Elk Chop, one of the menu items available at BeauVine.
Check out the full list here.
Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown Receives General Manager of the Year and Hotel Success AwardsTuesday, January 20, 2015Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton Worldwide’s award-winning brand of upscale yet affordable hotels, announced Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown as the 2014 General Manager of the Year Merit Award and Hotel Success winner. The hotel, located at 5 Park Street, was selected as one of the highest achieving Hilton Garden Inn properties in terms of service, customer satisfaction and cleanliness. Joshua Cushing, general manager, accepted the award with Melissa Robinson, director of sales, at the recent brand conference in Orlando, Fla.  Mr. Cushing and Ms. Robinson are pictured above with Jim Holthouser the Executive Vice President of Global Brands, Hilton Worldwide and Adrian Kurre, the Global Head of Hilton Garden Inn.
The General Manager of the Year Merit Award recognizes the top four individuals across the entire brand that demonstrate outstanding personal and hotel performance along with strong leadership in all areas of the property. The Hotel Success Award honors the top 5 percent among 600 hotels worldwide with superior service and high quality scores. In recognition of these achievements, Hilton Garden Inn Freeport Downtown received a trophy to display in its lobby.
“Being recognized by the Hilton Garden Inn brand with the General Manager of the Year Merit and Hotel Success Award is a great honor,” said Cushing. “Our dedicated team works hard to provide a quality experience for our guests so they can count on us to make their stay memorable.”
Hampton Inn Rock Hill Partners with Children’s Attention Home to Care for Local ChildrenWednesday, December 17, 2014Monday, December 17, 2014 – Rock Hill, SC
The Hampton Inn Rock Hill hosted a Client Appreciation Luncheon and Silent Auction to benefit the Children’s Attention Home of Rock Hill, SC on Thursday, December 11, 2014. The auction raised over $2,100.00 to go directly to the home which provides emergency shelter for abused, abandoned and neglected children in South Carolina.
Area businesses such as Honey Baked Ham, 3D Systems, Jane’s Creative Design Florist, Message Envy, Newk’s Catering and regional travel partners donated goods and services to be utilized in the fundraising activities. Cortney Peterson, Director of Sales at the Hampton Inn, coordinated the event. “We were thrilled to have been able to host this fundraising event for the Children’s Attention Home and we are so grateful to our business partners for their donations in support of the children in need in our community.”
For more information on how you can support the Children’s Attention Home please visit www.attentionhome.org or call 803-328-8871.
SpringHill Suites Waco / Woodway Hosts ArtNight Event for Guests and Community Hotel; showcases local art with “evening of inspiration.”Wednesday, December 17, 2014Wednesday, December 17, 2014 – Woodway/Waco, Texas – The SpringHill Suites Waco / Woodway hosted their first annual ArtNight event last week, partnering with local artist Shawn Knuckles, Tennyson Middle School, and J.H. Hines Elementary School to bring the local art scene to hotel guests and the surrounding community.
Serving as a space for creativity and inspiration, the SpringHill Suites Waco / Woodway gave guests and neighbors the unique opportunity to connect and appreciate great art. Shawn Knuckles, as well as his students at Tennyson Middle School, displayed beautiful & creative paintings and sketches to help bring a taste of local talent into the hotel for the evening. Many of the students donated their works to the event allowing the SpringHill Suites Waco/Woodway to coordinate a Chinese raffle which raised over $2000.00. That money will be shared between the Marriott “Save Art” initiative which is in partnership with Fresh New Artists to provide art supplies to area schools including Tennyson Middle School and J.H. Hines Elementary school.
“ArtNight reflects the brand’s focus on style and design while paying tribute to local art communities,” said Callette Nielsen, vice president and global brand manager of SpringHill Suites by Marriott. “We’re proud that the SpringHill Suites Waco/Woodway extended this experience to its guests and the surrounding Waco community.” SpringHill Suites recognizes the importance of art in everyday life and is focused on delivering modern style and design to its guests. ArtNight is the brand’s award winning experiential platform that allows more than 300 hotels across the country to connect guests with local communities while providing local artists outlets to showcase their talent.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst Selects David Zeplowitz as General Manager & Julie Bishop as Director of SalesFriday, December 05, 2014AMHERST, NY – Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst today announces the selection of David Zeplowitz as the General Manager and Julie Bishop as the hotel’s Director of Sales. The 137-room hotel is currently under construction at 5020 Main Street, Amherst, New York, and is scheduled to open in the spring of 2015.
“David is an amazing addition to the team with a strong operations background and Julie comes to us with a strong sales background and dynamic selling skills,” said Jeanne Carpentier, regional director of sales for Emerald Hospitality Associates. “Having Julie oversee the sales effort at Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst will offer us a competitive edge in the local marketplace and David will lead the team,” Carpentier continued.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst is owned by Iskalo Development Corporation and managed by Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc.
About Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst 
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst will be conveniently located on the Amherst Hospitality Campus, alongside the historic and soon-to-be-renovated Lord Amherst Hotel. It will also be minutes from Buffalo Niagara Falls International Airport, and nearby attractions such as downtown Buffalo, Niagara Falls, the Walden Galleria, Boulevard Mall and the Village of Williamsville shopping district.  The hotel’s website is www.HyattPlaceBuffaloAmherst.com and the phone is 716-839-4040.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst will offer comfortable and functional amenities such as free Wi-Fi and 24-hour food offerings. Additionally, the modern, intuitive design will cater to both business and leisure travelers in the Buffalo/Niagara region.
Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst will include:

137 roomy rooms, all of which feature a swiveling 42-inch HDTV, the plush Hyatt Grand Bed® and Cozy Corner sectional sofa
Free Wi-Fi everywhere
Complimentary a.m. Kitchen Skillet TM breakfast for guests, featuring freshly prepared breakfast sandwiches, a variety of fresh fruits, hot and cold cereal, yogurt, breads, premium coffee and an assortment of juices
Flexible, high-tech meeting/function space
24/7 Gallery Menu serving made-to-order entrees and appetizers around the clock
A Coffee to Cocktails Bar featuring specialty coffees and premium beers, as well as wines and cocktails

For more information about Hyatt Place Buffalo/Amherst, please call 716-839-4040.
Foundation Poured for the Emerald Event Center as Work Continues on Residence Inn AvonTuesday, November 18, 2014The foundation for the Emerald Event Center at the Residence Inn in Avon, Ohio has been poured.  Work continues on the hotel itself.  Follow us on Twitter @RIAvonOhio for more photos.
Ground Broken on the Homewood Suites in Syracuse, New YorkThursday, October 09, 2014Construction is underway on the new Homewood Suites in Syracuse, New York.  Emerald Hospitality is overseeing the project, and will manage the 101 suite hotel when it opens in Fall of 2015.  Check back here for updates and new photos as the work progresses.
Second Story is Under Construction on the Residence Inn AvonThursday, October 09, 2014Construction continues on the Residence Inn in Avon, Ohio, as the second story concrete is poured.
Progress Continues on Construction of Hilton Garden Inn in Pittsfield MassachusettsThursday, September 18, 2014Construction proceeds on the Hilton Garden Inn located in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
Hampton Inn Presque Isle Awarded 2014 Extra Mile AwardFriday, May 16, 2014PRESQUE ISLE, ME –
The American Red Cross of Maine awarded the Hampton Inn Presque Isle a 2014 EXTRA MILE Award at the 16th annual REAL HEROES BREAKFAST on Saturday, May 10, 2014 at the Fort Fairfield Community Center, Fort Fairfield, Maine.
This well deserved award was presented for assisting the Red Cross in its fundraising efforts by donating special overnight packages towards their annual summer raffle sales event, helping to generate nearly $15,000 over the past three years. In addition, the Hampton Inn Presque Isle provided meeting space for the ARC advisory board committees, special rates for disaster victims, and support towards assisting Red Cross staff with overnight stays which saved hundreds of dollars.
Jan Lucas, Director of Sales at the Hampton Inn Presque Isle (pictured along with Rick Theriault and Debbie Sirois, both of Office Max) attended the event and graciously accepted the award on behalf of the hotel. “We are thrilled to have been able to assist the American Red Cross in support of our community over the past years”, said Lucas “and are happy to continue in the future.”
Ground Broken on Residence Inn in Avon OhioThursday, May 01, 2014AVON, OH – Local officials, along with investment and development partners, gathered to celebrate the ground breaking of the 116 room Residence Inn by Marriott and 10,000 square-foot Emerald Event Center in Avon, Ohio.
Mayor Bryan Jenkens kicked off the ceremony by talking about the impact this development will have on the community. “There has been a need for a hotel out here. Now businessmen visiting ShurTech, or people going to the Clinic or one of the other businesses in the area will be able to stay close by instead of driving miles to get to a hotel. I could not have planned it better.”
Jim Gerish, President of Emerald Hospitality Associates, gave accolades to the city of Avon citing that they “could not have been more welcoming” through the entire development process. He noted that the staff at Emerald is “humbled” and “honored” with the amount of assistance received by all the parties involved in this exciting project.
The Residence Inn by Marriott and Emerald Event Center will be located next door to the Cleveland Clinic Richard E. Jacobs Health Centerand is expected to open for business in April 2015. The five-story hotel will offer two-bedroom, one-bedroom, and studio suites all of which will include fully equipped kitchens, a 24-hour “market” with free grocery delivery to guests, a heated indoor pool, a fitness center, and an outdoor barbecue, fire pit, and sports court.
Mr. Gerish added “this is more than just a box – this is the next generation Residence Inn with state-of-the-art design elements, a unique lobby, 116 guest rooms, a conference center, and many other amenities. It will also offer 40 to 50 good jobs once it opens in addition to the construction jobs right now.”
Many local organizations and financial institutions played a role in developing this project. Partners in the project include: the City of Avon, Emerald Hospitality Associates, Nimbus Investment Fund, First Commonwealth Bank, Mann Architects, and Pride One Construction.
The Cleveland Clinic facility, located next door to the project, has announced an addition of a 100 to 120 beds by 2016. Mr. Gerish looks forward to a long relationship with The Cleveland Clinic facility adding “we plan to set aside some rooms for people getting treatment at the Clinic, or who have been discharged from the Clinic and not yet ready to return home,” he said. “These rooms will be specifically equipped to handle their needs.”
The 10,000 square foot attached Emerald Event Center will encompass a 6,700 square foot ballroom which can be divided into four meeting areas or as one grand ballroom with a seating capacity of 400 plus. In addition to corporate meetings, conferences, and social engagements such as weddings, Mr. Gerish said the conference center could offer special events to the local community such as Easter and Mother’s Day brunches, New Year’s Eve celebrations, and unique “one-of-a-kind” functions.
Embassy Suites Portland, Maine receives top Quality Score awardWednesday, March 12, 2014Portland, ME – March 12, 2014 –
We are pleased to announce the Embassy Suites Portland, Maine has been named a 2013 Total Quality Score Award winner! This award is earned by the top 10% of hotels in the Embassy Suites brand for scoring in the top 10% in Quality Assurance inspections and Guest Satisfaction surveys.  The award was presented at the Embassy Suites Regional Town Hall meetings held in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.  We are proud of the Portland, Maine team of this impressive accomplishment!
Kilpatrick’s Pub Partners with St. Baldrick’s Foundation to Conquer Childhood CancerWednesday, March 19, 2014Ithaca, NY – March 19, 2014 –
For the third consecutive year Kilpatrick’s Pub of Ithaca has partnered with St. Baldrick’s Foundation to raise funds to help conquer childhood cancer.  Kilpatrick’s Pub has taken on all responsibilities regarding fundraising, recruiting volunteers, handling all of the proceeds and maintaining the integrity of the event. It has also created a bond between locals who come back year after year and appreciate the hard work and dedication by the staff at Kilpatrick’s and the Hilton Garden Inn.  Some people come from as far away as New Jersey and San Diego to continue the tradition with us of shaving their heads in honor of children fighting cancer.
In the first year (2012) we raised $9,190. In the second (2013)year we raised $9,430. And this (2014) year we’ve already raised over $15,260 with the final tally still being counted.
Kilpatrick’s Pub plans on continuing the tradition of hosting the St. Baldrick’s Foundation events and co branding that with our Irish heritage.
Hampton Inn Waterville Employees Take the Polar Bear Plunge to Raise Money for CharityMonday, March 10, 2014Waterville, ME – March 10, 2014 – Nate Blair, Guest Service Manager, Sue Packard, Guest Service Representative and Nikki Desjardins, Director of Sales (aka the Fabulous Ninjas) took the plunge into icy waters on Saturday, March 8 to raise funds for The Alfond Youth Center and their children’s meal program. They raised $470.00 between the three of them and came in second place to the Colby College for the team that raised the most money. “I am so proud of my team”, said Nikki. “It was painful, but worth it. The entire management team was there to cheer us on and we couldn’t have been happier.” The water was 38 degrees! Following is the link to WABI local news coverage: http://wabi.tv/2014/03/09/21st-annual-polar-bear-dip-waterville/
Auburn, New York Hotelier Wins Pinnacle AwardMonday, March 10, 2014AUBURN, NY – March 10, 2014 – Emerald Hospitality Associates is pleased to announce Eric Ridley, General Manager of the Hilton Garden Inn in Auburn, New York, is the recipient of the New York State Hospitality and Tourism Association’s (NYSH&TA) 2014 Pinnacle Award. Ridley was announced as the winner of the award on Monday, March 3rd, at the Association’s 21st annual Stars of the Industry Gala and Awards Banquet, which was held at the Albany Marriott.
The Stars of the Industry awards program honors employees of the hotels, motels and tourism-related businesses throughout the state who best represent the quality service and spirit of the hospitality and tourism industry.
Every year on the night of the gala the Pinnacle award is announced and is given to a person who epitomizes continued contributions, and dedication to the industry. The award was created in honor of a former NYSH&TA Chairman of the Board, Louis N. Ventresca.
“Eric’s dedication to the industry and inherent hospitable demeanor makes him an innkeeper in every way. The lodging community will always be well served with Eric Ridley’s involvement as his future is bright in this industry,” said NYSH&TA President, Jan Marie Chesterton.
“Eric is a pillar in the community, and someone with a passion for hospitality,” said Ed Pavente, VP of Operations with Emerald Hospitality.  “Motivating and leading our staff with respect and grace helps to deliver a memorable experience for our guests and the entire Emerald Hospitality team is quite proud to see Eric recognized for his accomplishments.”
For more information or to make reservations, visit the Hilton Garden Inn Auburn or call 315-252-5511.
Read more about Hilton Garden Inn at www.hgi.com and www.news.hgi.com.
Hilton Garden Inn General Manager named 2014 Outstanding General Manager of the Year by NYSH&TAFriday, January 24, 2014AUBURN, NY – January 24, 2014 – The Hilton Garden Inn Auburn, located at 74 State Street, announced special recognition of one of its team members. General Manager Eric Ridley was recently named the 2013 Outstanding General Manager of the Year (150 rooms or less) by the New York State Hospitality and Tourism Association (NYSH&TA). Ridley has been the General Manager of the hotel since it opened in 2012.
The award honors an hotelier who has demonstrated superior professionalism and taken a leadership role in the industry by actively participating in association, community or industry programs. He will be recognized at the NYSH&TA Stars of the Industry Gala and Awards Banquet on March 3 in Albany.
“We are incredibly excited for our general manager to be so highly recognized,” said Ed Pavente, VP of Operations with Emerald Hospitality.  “Eric is an invaluable member of the team and this award is further proof of the excellent customer service he provides for our guests and hotel each day.”
“Every year, the state’s hospitality industry nominates its most outstanding employees. After reviewing all of the nominations submitted, the judges agreed that Eric Ridley was the best of the best,” said NYSH&TA President Jan Marie Chesterton. “All the winners of this year’s awards are STARS in every sense of the word and shining examples of what New York State hospitality is all about.”
For more information or to make reservations, visit the Hilton Garden Inn Auburn or call 315-252-5511.
Read more about Hilton Garden Inn at www.hgi.com and www.news.hgi.com.
Residence Inn Planned for Avon PlaceThursday, January 16, 2014Jacobs Real Estate Services (JRES) announced today that a 5-story, 116-room Residence Inn by Marriott hotel with an attached 10,000-square-foot conference center, will be constructed at its Avon Place development in Avon, Ohio.
The new Residence Inn will be located on Just Imagine Drive, adjacent to the Cleveland Clinic Richard E. Jacobs Health Center. The hotel is planned to open in spring 2015. It will be built on a 4.27-acre site that JRES has agreed to sell to Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc. and its independent affiliate, Nimbus Investment Fund.
“We are excited that Marriott and Emerald Hospitality have chosen Avon Place. Residence Inn will be a perfect complement to the expanding Cleveland Clinic, restaurants and offices planned for this development,” said Jim Eppele, JRES executive vice president.
Residence Inn hotels are designed for extended-stay travelers, with features that include spacious suites with separate living and sleeping areas; fully equipped, in-suite kitchens; free grocery delivery service; complimentary Wi-Fi and in-room, high-speed Internet access; free hot breakfasts; a swimming pool and a fitness center.
Jacobs Real Estate Services and Emerald Hospitality Associates Finalize Hotel Deal in Avon, OhioTuesday, October 01, 2013CLEVELAND, Ohio – October 1, 2013 – Jacobs Real Estate Services (JRES) announced today that it has signed an agreement to sell a 4.27-acre site on Just Imagine Drive in Avon, Ohio, to Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc., in conjunction with its independent affiliate, Nimbus Investment Fund. Emerald plans to develop a 110- to 125-room, Marriott-branded hotel with an attached 5,000-square-foot conference center. The hotel, which will sit adjacent to the Cleveland Clinic Richard E. Jacobs Health Center, is planned to open in fall 2014.
The Marriott-branded hotel kicks off the 132-acre, master-planned development, which will be known as Avon Place. It will include a mix of offices, hotels, restaurants, medical facilities and other related developments. JRES also has two additional signed land sale agreements for Avon Place, which will be announced in the coming weeks.
“We are excited to be bringing a Marriott-branded hotel to complement the highly successful Cleveland Clinic facility,” said James Eppele, executive vice president at JRES. “Emerald Hospitality’s expertise in developing and managing first-class select service hotels is a perfect fit with the type of development we intend to bring to Avon Place.”
About Emerald Hospitality Inc.
Founded in 1999, Emerald Hospitality Associates is a Westlake-based, full-service hotel management and development company that provides a wide range of specialized hospitality industry services to hotel and restaurant investors. Emerald currently operates 21 properties in seven states, consisting primarily of Hilton, Marriott and Hyatt branded products. For more information, visit www.emeraldhospitality.com.
About Jacobs Real Estate Services LLC
Jacobs Real Estate Services provides comprehensive brokerage, leasing and management services for owners of office buildings, specialized-use facilities and mixed-use developments. It is an independent affiliate of The Richard E. Jacobs Group, one of the nation’s premier developers of commercial real estate with more than 50 years’ experience. For more information, visit www.JRESgroup.com.
 
Nimbus Investment Fund, LP acquires SpringHill Suites by Marriott in Woodway, TexasWednesday, June 05, 2013Nimbus Investment Fund, LP, an independent affiliate of Emerald Hospitality Associates, announced today that it has completed its acquisition (as General Partner of a Limited Partnership) of the SpringHill Suites by Marriott hotel located in Waco/Woodway, Texas.  The SpringHill Suites is an 82 room select service hotel ranked in the top ten in North America for the SpringHill Suites brand.  This property will be managed by Emerald Hospitality.




About Us
Leadership Team

Chief Executive Officer
Accounting & Finance
Operations
Sales & Revenue Generation
Human Resources
Development/Legal Counsel
Capital Management


Ambassador Councils
News/Events










 



Corporate Headquarters

				Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc.
				2001 Crocker Road
				Suite 300
				Westlake, Ohio 44145

				p 440-239-9848
				f 440-239-9858
Contact



VIEW OUR COMPLETE BRAND PORTFOLIO




Northeast Regional Office

				Emerald Hospitality Associates, Inc.
				1000 Seventh North Street
				Suite B-30
				Liverpool, New York 13088

				p 315-396-0505
				f 440-239-9858
Contact












