

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING - OSO, L.P., A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - ARLINGTON, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



ARLINGTON



Operative Builders



Operative Builders



                            WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING - OSO, L.P., A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    



 





















W 


WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING - OSO, L.P., A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1901 ASCENSION BLVD ARLINGTON, TX 76006
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $170,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Operative Builders
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Operative Builders. Western Pacific Housing - Oso, L.p., A California Limited Partnership is incorporated in California, has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $170,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Western Group Housing LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























western group housing lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Other Financial Services
Western Group Housing, LP operates as a special purpose entity. The Company was formed for the purpose of issuing debt securities to repay existing credit facilities, refinance indebtedness, and for acquisition purposes.




Corporate Information
Address:

United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 










Engineered Wood Products | LP Building Products



























































Home
Careers
Where to Buy
Investor Relations
Contact Us









Menu






MAIN MENU

Products


View All Products


Framing


View All Framing Products

LP SolidStart LSL
LP SolidStart LVL
LP SolidStart I-Joists
LP SolidStart Rim Board
LP SolidGuard LSL



Panels


View All Panels Products

LP TechShield Radiant Barrier Sheathing
LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
LP LongLength and LongLength XL OSB Sheathing
LP OSB Sheathing
LP TopNotch Sub-Flooring
LP Legacy Sub-Flooring



Siding


View All Siding Products

LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP CanExel Prefinished Siding
LP ArmorStrand Substrate



Other Applications


View All Other Applications Products

LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP SuperStruct Furniture Panels
LP PurposeBuilt Overlays



Design Software


View All Design Software Products

LP Solutions Software
LP SolidStart Design Software
LP SolidStart Wood-E Design Software





Resources

Resources Page
Product Literature
Case Studies
LP University
CAD Details
Trade Shows
Industry Sites
Customer Center
Architect's Corner



Community

Community Page
EW Industry Blog
EW Magazine

Newsroom

Newsroom Page
Press Releases
Media Kit
Infographics



Share Your Story
Community Engagement



Sustainability

Sustainability Page
Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Sustainable Forestry
Economic Responsibility
Sustainability News



About LP

About LP Page
Values & Vision
LP Innovation
Executive Bios
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Locations
Contact Us


Where To Buy
Contact Us




















A COMPANY AND ITS PRODUCTS
ENGINEERED TO PERFORM
As a global leader in engineered wood products, LP is engineered to perform—both as a company and as a manufacturer of innovative products for the building industry. It's our exclusive focus on engineered wood products that makes all the difference. Read More





Architect's Corner
At LP, we are constantly engineering new products and rethinking how we can improve the current ones to meet the ways you want to design. It’s our mission to give architects the materials they need to meet codes and achieve their vision. And that’s why we have created a page just for architects. The resources you need are now right at your fingertips, in one place, at the Architect’s Corner.
See how our products are empowering architects





LP Products






Framing
Build stronger walls, sub-floors and structural support in your next construction project.









Panels
LP’s popular OSB sheathing products help builders construct high-performance structures.









Siding
Engineered durability with the style and beauty of traditional wood.









Other Applications
Find more innovative products from LP, including specially designed furniture panels and outdoor building products.










FitzGerald Associates Architects Meets Fire Codes With  LP® FlameBlock® Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
With roots dating back 95 years, FitzGerald Associates Architects maintains a portfolio full of master-planned communities; numerous new low-, mid-, and high-rise residential buildings; commercial and industrial facilities; banks; restaurants; retail spaces; and more than one hundred conversions and restorations of historic structures. When it comes to meeting fire codes with wood-framed construction, the company specifies LP® FlameBlock® Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing.
Read More






Community
Join our LP Community to share information and stories, and to network with others in the building industry. Get the latest LP news, event updates and blog posts all in one place.
Join Our Community






Sustainability
LP’s commitment to forestry and sustainable business is reflected daily in our relationships with forest owners, contractors and wood producers.
Learn More About LP Sustainability














Louisiana-Pacific - Wikipedia






















 






Louisiana-Pacific

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Louisiana-Pacific





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: LPX
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Construction


Founded
1973 in Portland, Oregon


Headquarters
Nashville, Tennessee, USA



Number of locations

24 (2012)



Key people

Curtis M. Stevens (CEO)


Products
Building materials


Revenue
 US$1.357 billion (2011)



Operating income

 US$(17 million) (2011)


Profit
 US$(181 million) (2011)


Total assets
 US$656.8 million (2011)


Total equity
 US$1,011.6 million (2011)



Number of employees

3,900


Website
www.lpcorp.com


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, commonly known as "LP", is a United States building materials manufacturer. It was founded in 1973 and is currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. LP pioneered the U.S. production of oriented strand board (OSB) panels.[1] Today, LP is the world's largest producer of OSB, and manufactures engineered wood building products.[2] LP products are sold to builders and homeowners through building materials distributors and dealers and retail home centers.
As of 2011, LP has 24 mills including 15 in the United States, six in Canada, two in Chile and one in Brazil.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forming a new company[1]
3 A breakthrough product[4]
4 Expansion during the 1980s[1]
5 The early 1990s[4]
6 Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future
7 Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4]
8 Company restructuring in the early 2000s
9 Key dates[1]
10 Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)
11 Additional
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
A leading manufacturer and marketer of building and lumber products, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) revolutionized the industry by inventing alternatives to plywood and solid wood building products.[1] Instead of relying on larger, more expensive old-growth timber, LP found ways to make structural building products from small-diameter, fast-growing trees. LP pioneered the use of oriented strand board (OSB) — a reconstituted plywood substitute made by pressing wood wafers together.[4] OSB is the basis for many of LP's structural building products. LP also manufacturers industrial wood products, such as hardboard and medium density fiberboard, which are used by furniture and cabinet makers. Furthermore, along with wood products such as LPI joists and laminated veneer lumber, the company also produces Cocoon cellulose insulation. Plywood and pulp manufacturing round out LP's operations. The company controls over 950,000 acres of timberland, and owns plants in 29 states, as well as in Canada and Ireland.[1]
LP was incorporated on January 5, 1973 as part of a court-ordered monopoly breakup of Georgia-Pacific.[4] LP was headed by company president Harry A. Merlo for the first 22 years, who was known for his flamboyant style and generous civic contributions. For its first 33 years, Louisiana-Pacific was based in Portland, Oregon; the LP headquarters were moved to Nashville in 2004.[5]
Over the years, LP has been associated with professional sports in different manners. From 1979–82, the company owned the Portland Timbers soccer club in the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL). From 2006–15, it owned the naming rights to LP Field, the stadium which houses the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee State University football teams in Nashville.[6]
Forming a new company[1][edit]
Louisiana-Pacific was formed in July 1972 when the Georgia-Pacific Corporation spun off the wholly owned subsidiary. After Georgia-Pacific had acquired 16 small firms in the southern United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused the company of becoming a monopolist in the softwood plywood industry. As part of its settlement with the FTC, Georgia-Pacific agreed to divest 20 percent of its assets. William H. Hunt, a vice-chairman at Georgia-Pacific, was selected as Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman. In 1974 Harry A. Merlo, who had been chief executive officer of LP since its foundation, succeeded Hunt as chairman while remaining CEO.[1]
Prior to the official spinoff of LP, Georgia-Pacific had transferred several of its operations to LP ownership, including its Samoa, Ukiah, Intermountain, Weather-Seal, and Southern divisions, as well as its 50 percent investments in Alaska's Ketchikan Pulp Company; Ketchikan Spruce Mills, Inc.; and Ketchikan International Sales Company. However, Georgia-Pacific had kept most of its low-cost timber reserves and the bulk of its tree farms for itself. Thus the newly independent LP had to 'scramble for raw materials,' particularly timber, as the July 29, 1990 Portland Oregonian explained.[1]
This proved to be an especially difficult task as timber shortages wracked the entire industry. Overcutting, Japanese demand for logs, and pressure on the U.S. Forest Service to tighten harvesting restrictions on large trees caused prices to soar. To make matters worse, LP lost 26,000 acres of harvestable old-growth timberland with the expansion of the Redwood National Park in Northern California.[1]
Merlo strove to shepherd the company through its early difficulties. LP acquired several lumber companies in California, Oregon, Montana, Washington, Missouri, and Alabama, and in 1976 it purchased the Fibreboard Corporation, a manufacturer of products used in making furniture and cabinets. In 1979, the company bought fifteen building-material centers in southern California from Lone Star Industries, which provided LP with much needed distribution centers.[1]
A breakthrough product[4][edit]
To ensure its long-term success, however, LP would need to compensate for its comparative dearth of southern pine and Douglas fir timber, as well as lumber production. To address this shortfall, LP turned its attention to the development of wood products derived from less-expensive and faster-growing trees, such as cottonwood and aspen. As Merlo told the Portland Oregonian in 1990, 'we recognized that the days of making wood products from big trees were numbered for both economic and environmental reasons.'[4]
In the late 1970s, the company began manufacturing OSB by slicing logs into wafers, mixing the wafers with resin, and then pressing them into sheets. First introduced under the trade name Waferwood[7] (later re-christened Inner-Seal), this new product line revolutionized the construction industry by offering a less expensive, stronger alternative to plywood sheathing and sub-flooring. After opening its first Inner-Seal mill in 1980, LP advertised the product as 'the smart man's plywood.'
Expansion during the 1980s[1][edit]
LP's OSB products protected the company from some of the vicissitudes of the timber market. Buoyed by this success, the company soon expanded its line of products made from reconstituted wood to include I-beams for floor joists and rafters. These structural beams used half as much lumber as their solid wood counterparts, yet were stronger and lighter. LP also introduced a concrete form of Inner-Seal, and in 1985 began to market Inner-Seal siding for the exterior of homes. Driven by these breakthroughs, a housing boom, and a thriving remodeling and repair business that increased demand for its specialty building products, LP's sales grew 50 percent between 1980 and 1988, according to the Portland Oregonian. During the same period, its profits increased 400 percent. Moreover, OSB products accounted for an escalating portion of the company's total sales. Only six percent of sales in 1980, the Inner-Seal line by 1990 amounted to almost 30 percent of total sales volume. LP's sales of lumber—once the mainstay of the building industry—decreased from 53 to 30 percent over the same period.
In 1986, the company purchased Kirby Forest Industries and the California properties of Timber Realization Company. From these transactions, LP gained almost 830,000 acres of timberland, which helped balance the land taken in 1978 for Redwood National Park. (LP received a final payment of $440 million from the government for this land in 1988.) In 1990, LP bought Weather Guard Inc., a manufacturer of housing insulation made from recycled newsprint, as well as MiTek Wood Products, a North Carolina-based producer of laminated veneer lumber and engineered wood I-beams.
The early 1990s[4][edit]
During 1990 sales and profits in the company's softwood lumber, plywood, and building products areas slumped due to weakening demand. This situation was attributed to an economic downturn, increasing concerns over the U.S. federal budget deficit, and fears about the unsettled global geopolitical environment. The construction industry suffered because of bankers' reluctance to finance new projects and consumers' decisions to delay home purchases. Housing starts for 1990 fell to 1.19 million, the lowest level since 1982 and down 13.3 percent from 1989.[8] LP responded to these developments by curtailing production at many of its plants and increasing exports of its specialty building products.
The pulp market also experienced slowing growth in 1990. After a four-year period of rapidly rising prices, pulp manufacturers then faced eroding profit margins due to worldwide economic problems and larger than normal inventories. Although LP saw its own pulp sales and profits peak in mid-1989 and expected only a minor recovery in 1991, the company continued to operate three pulp manufacturing mills. One mill supplied paper pulp to non-integrated paper producers. A second mill produced dissolving pulp for manufacturers of rayon and cellophane products. The third and newest pulp mill, using a bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pump process, revolutionized pulp production by eliminating the use of chlorine and operated in a completely closed system without discharge into neighboring water supplies. This mill marketed its output to manufacturers of printing and writing papers.
LP was able to rebound from the downturn of 1990. While its competitors struggled in the face of dwindling timber supplies, LP enjoyed record sales in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Much of LP's growth in the 1990s came through acquisition of other building materials companies, such as ABTco in the eastern United States and Forex in eastern Canada. According to the Spokane Journal of Business, 'LP [was] flourishing because it had vigorously developed alternatives to dimensional lumber and plywood.' Indeed, Merlo told the Wallstreet Journal that 'technology'--not old-growth timber resources--'had proven to be [the company's] lifeblood.' Profits for 1992 were up 216 percent from the previous year, and in 1994, the company achieved an all-time high of $3.04 billion in sales. By that year, only one-third of LP's sales came from dimensional lumber—the studs and solid wood joists that frame houses—while over half its revenue came from OSB products, and another 20 percent from engineered wood products and pulp.
Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future[edit]
Despite its many achievements, LP encountered a number of serious obstacles in the 1990s. Foremost among these were lawsuits pertaining to its simulated cedar Inner-Seal exterior siding. During the 1990s, LP was the defendant in a major class-action lawsuit over its OSB siding product known as Inner Seal, manufactured from the early 1990s through 1996. The company had initiated the class action lawsuit to speed up the process and, according to the judge presiding over the case, "got the most money to the most people in the quickest amount of time based on my experience."[9]
Many homeowners alleged that Inner-Seal siding, which carried a 25-year warranty, began to rot prematurely—discoloring, disintegrating, and even growing fungi. The first claims surrounded the use of OSB panels on the roofs of homes in Florida. Following Hurricane Andrew in 1992 some of these homes lost shingles, exposing the OSB panels to heavy rains. Reports claimed that the exposed OSB began to deteriorate. Two years after the first suit, LP had settled all related disputes. LP re-engineered the product, now marketed as LPSmartSide and since 1997 has sold approximately 3 billion square feet of SmartSide siding with no warranty claims for fungal decay.
Class-action suits brought by various collections of homeowners as well as the attorney general of Minnesota, were filed against the Inner-Seal siding. Although LP admitted to no wrongdoing, the company moved quickly to settle the cases. At the close of 1991, LP had paid over $22 million to settle OSB claims, and between 1993 and 1994, the company paid out an additional $14 million. In 1996, LP committed at least $275 million to a settlement with 800,000 homeowners who had used the Inner-Seal siding.[9]
In April 2003, LP implemented a Claimant Offer Program to speed payments to claimants. In what was the largest class-action lawsuit in the history of the siding industry, LP paid out more than 37,000 claims. By the end of the settlement, LP had paid almost $1 billion to satisfy claims.[10]
LP's woes did not end there, however. In 1996, LP paid $65 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed the previous year by LP shareholders who alleged that the company had 'violated securities laws by failing to disclose that the company's oriented-strand boards were defective,' as the Portland Oregonian reported on December 5, 1996. It was the largest securities settlement in Oregon history. Also that year, the company settled a 1993 sexual harassment suit against Merlo. Moreover, the state of Colorado brought a 56-count indictment against LP in 1995, charging fraud and environmental violations at its plant in Montrose, Colorado. The same year, LP's eight-person board 'lost confidence in the ability of Merlo and his top two lieutenants to steer the Fortune 500 company,' declared the August 4, 1995, edition of the Portland Oregonian. Merlo resigned and was replaced as chairman and CEO by Mark Suwyn, a former executive at International Paper.[1]
Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4][edit]
Under this new leadership, LP began the difficult task of regrouping. The year 1995 had been particularly difficult, one in which the company endured a net loss of $51.7 million. The market for building products had sunk as an influx of Canadian lumber had flooded the United States. High interest rates and poor weather (which affected home building) only exacerbated LP's problems. Even more dangerous to LP, however, was the inauguration of several rival OSB mills. As OSB increasingly replaced plywood as a basic construction material, Inner-Seal became less a specialty item exclusively made by LP and more of a building commodity.
Faced with these new threats, Suwyn implemented a multidimensional plan for recovery. First, the company strove to eliminate unprofitable operations. In 1996, LP closed the Ketchikan Paper Company, as well as 22 plants and mills. More closings followed in 1997 and 1998, and the company sold off a number of additional operations, including the Weather-Seal door and window division in 1998. All told, LP sold over $875 million of assets during the three-year period. 'The assets sales will do two things for us,' Suwyn told Business Wire. 'They will provide us with additional financial flexibility to grow the company and allow us to focus all our management attention on becoming the premier supplier of building materials.'
Suwyn also concentrated on developing LP's specialty products lines. As its past innovations had become industry standards (and were imitated by numerous competitors), it was essential for LP to launch new products that would give the company an edge over its rivals. To further this goal, LP engaged in a series of targeted acquisitions. In 1996, LP purchased Associated Chemists, a key supplier of specialty coatings to the wood products industry, as well as GreenStone Industries, a manufacturer of cellulose insulation, and Tecton Laminates Corp., a producer of laminated veneer lumber and wood I-joists used in the construction industry. Two years later, LP acquired ABT Building Products Corporation, a transaction it heralded as a way 'to expand its specialty products lines and complement its low-cost commodity building products,' according to the Wall Street Journal. In 1999, LP purchased Evans Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian manufacturer of engineered wood and lumber products.
LP did more than simply buy other companies, however. In 1997 LP unveiled its Advanced Technology Center, which provided the company with the facilities to conceive, test, and improve new offerings. LP soon introduced a bevy of new product systems, including Smart Start siding, TechShield energy efficient structural panels, TopNotch flooring, and Cocoon insulation.
A final prong of LP's rebuilding efforts involved improving operations. In 1996, the company instituted an intensive employee training course—Rapid Change Technologies—designed to enhance workers' communication skills and to empower them to accept new ideas with ease. To increase productivity, LP utilized Business Process Improvement technology to make its OSB mills more efficient. LP also sought to bolster the company's relationship with large and national home center chains, such as Home Depot and Lowe's. These 'superstores' represented the fastest-growing segment of the building industry.
The outcome of LP's vigorous reorganization was not immediately evident. Sales for 1996 were 13 percent lower than in 1995, and resulted in a net yearly loss of $200.7 million. Although the company again operated at a net loss of $101.8 million in 1997, executives remained optimistic. In 1998, LP returned once more to profitability, achieving $12.8 million of net profit from $2.29 billion in sales. Reinforced by a strong housing market, a booming economy, operational improvements, and greater numbers of specialty products, Louisiana-Pacific's future looked bright.
Company restructuring in the early 2000s[edit]
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has undergone many changes since 2000. From 2000 to 2010 the company made a total of 20 divestures.[11]
In May 2002 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation announced an asset sale and debt reduction program designed to enhance its long-term competitiveness and financial flexibility.[12]
Company wide, the downsizing included the sale of a total of 935,000 acres of timber lands nationally, along with manufacturing plants making plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).[13]
In December 2002, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) finalized the sale of 33,000 acres of timberland near Oakdale, Louisiana, to Barrs & Glawson Investments, LLC for approximately $30 million.[4] Throughout 2003 LP continued to sell Timberland in Louisiana, Texas, Idaho along with several mills related to the company's divestures.[14] The timberland portion of the company's divesture program exceeded the initial $700 million target by more than $50 million.[15]
In September 2003, LP announced the relocation of its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville was one of four cities considered for LP's headquarters. The other cities under consideration were Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon.[16] The relocation was complete in July 2004.[17]
In line with the company's restructuring, in May 2004, Louisiana-Pacific announced a strategic plan to convert LP's Hayward, Wisc., commodity oriented strand board (OSB) mill to make SmartSide siding products and replace this capacity with a new, state-of-the-art, low-cost OSB mill in Alabama. The conversion of the Hayward Mill was scheduled for 2005.[18] The project agreement for the Alabama mill was signed in June 2005, with production start-up slated for late 2007.[19] As of 2011, the mill still has not opened. But the company has said it still intends to reopen the 130-worker Clarke County mill, which can make more than 700 million square feet a year of OSB at full capacity.[20]
In 2004, the company began producing LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing, an ICC certified (ESR-1365), PS2-rated structural sheathing with a Class A Flame Spread Rating. According to the ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), it provides extended burn-through resistance, delivering a 15-minute thermal barrier (ASTM E119). It's durable on the job site, easy to work with, and is Exposure-1 rated to withstand weather during normal construction delays.
In 2005, LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products, including LP's two vinyl siding mills, located in Holly Springs, Miss., and Acton, Ontario, and a warehouse in Milton, Ontario.[21] In 2007, Fiber Composites, LLC, purchase the WeatherBest® composite decking and railing business from Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. The acquisition included LP's Meridian, Idaho, manufacturing facility and the WeatherBest® brand.[22]
In 2008, the company began producing LP SolidStart engineered wood products.
Key dates[1][edit]


Key dates


1972
Louisiana-Pacific is spun off from Georgia-Pacific.


1974
Harry Merlo is named Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman.


1978
Louisiana-Pacific acquires Fibreboard Corporation; U.S. government acquires a portion of Louisiana-Pacific's timberlands to form Redwood National Park in California.


1985
Louisiana-Pacific begins marketing its Oriented Strand Board (OSB) as an exterior siding.


1990
Lawsuits relating to defective OSB exterior siding begin.


1996
Mark Suwyn replaces Merlo as chairman and CEO.


1998
Louisiana-Pacific acquires ABT Building Products as part of its effort to focus on the building products market.


2002
Louisiana-Pacific announces major restructuring plan including the divesture of timberlands, plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).


2004
Louisiana-Pacific relocated its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee.


2005
LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products


2007
Fiber Composites, LLC, purchased LP Building Products’ WeatherBest® decking business


Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)[edit]
Louisiana Pacific operates several engineered wood siding mills that produce many siding products. The siding products produced at these mills differ in composition from the company's other offerings.
Additional[edit]
LP uses forest management and timber procurement systems that are SFI certified, which helps to ensure its wood comes from well-managed forests. The green attributes built into LP products are recognized in green building certification programs across North America.[23]
The company invests in communities by providing funding, products and volunteers to support public schools and nonprofit organizations. Contributions are focused in four areas: shelter, education, social services and the environment.[24]
LP Building Products subscribes to the Lean Six Sigma methodology, viewing lean manufacturing, which addresses process flow and waste issues, and Six Sigma, with its focus on variation and design, as complementary disciplines aimed at promoting business and operational excellence. During 2006 through 2009 LP ramped up its Lean Six Sigma program, training and hiring Black Belts from within, and engaging people in LSS teams across the company. More than 370 Black Belts and Green Belts have been traveling across the company. The Lean Six Sigma teams are delivering greater than a six-to-one return on investment in cost savings for LP.[25]

Domestic subsidiaries

GreenStone Industries, Inc.; Ketchikan Pulp Company; Louisiana-Pacific International, Inc. L-PSPV, Inc. ; LP Pinewood SPV, LLC; LPS Corporation; L-P SPV2, LLC

Foreign subsidiaries of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation

Louisiana-Pacific Canada Pulp Co. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Sales ULC ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Holding Ltd. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Ltd. Louisiana-Pacific (OSB) Ltd.; Louisiana-Pacific South America S.A.; Louisiana-Pacific Chile S.A; Louisiana-Pacific del Perú S.A.C.;LP-Brasil OSB Industria E Comercio S.A. Less Than 51% Owned Joint Ventures Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood Inc.; Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood II Inc.; Canfor-LP OSB (G.P.) Corp; Canfor-LP OSB Limited Partnership; US GreenFiber, LLC

Principal competitors

Georgia-Pacific Group; Boise-Cascade Corporation; Jamies Hardie; Weyerhaeuser Company; Tolko
On September 4, 2013, LP announced plans to acquire Vancouver, BC based Ainsworth Lumber in a stock and cash deal estimated at $1.1 billion.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Funding Universe. Funding Universe. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Engineered Wood Product". Housing Zone. Reed Business Information Building Group. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Building Products". Guide to APA Members. APA – The Engineered Wood Association. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Encyclopedia.com. HighBeam Research, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ LP.corp – 2004 relocation to Nashville – accessed 2009-06-07
^ Wyatt, Jim (June 25, 2015). "Titans' stadium LP Field to be renamed Nissan Stadium". The Tennessean. Retrieved June 25, 2015. 
^ Lewis, Rick (10 November 2009). "Get Re-Oriented: The Technology Behind Sustainable Building". Engineered Wood. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Housing Starts Fell Last Month". New York Times. 17 March 1990. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b Michael, Russo (8 April 2011). "Rising from the Ashes". Spectroscopy. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "LP Elects to Fund Remaining Claims Under the Inner-Seal Siding Class Action Suit". AllBusiness.com. 6 October 2003. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Mergers and Acquisitions". Alacra. Alacra, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "L-P SELLS 33,000 ACRES OF TIMBERLAND IN LOUISIANA". Building Online. 7 January 2003. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Kelly, Tom. "Louisiana Pacific will sell plants, timberland". The Piney Woods. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "News and Media". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Sells 463,000 Acres of Timberland for Approximately $290 Million". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Announces Headquarters Relocation". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Moves Corporate Headquarters to Nashville, Tenn.". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP SmartSide Plant Conversion Announced". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Signs Project Agreement to Build OSB Mill". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Amy, Jeff (11 February 2010). "Louisiana-Pacific narrows loss". Press Register. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "LP to Sell Vinyl Siding Business to KP Building Products Inc.". Building Online. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Fiber Composites Completes Purchase of WeatherBest® Decking From LP Building Products". Business Wire. Business Wire. Retrieved 10 October 2007. 
^ "L-P Products Engineered to be Environmentally Friendly". Handy Man Club of America. Handy Man Club of America. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "Social Responsibility". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Diversity and Development". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 



External links[edit]


Tennessee portal
Companies portal



Louisiana Pacific corporate website
Funding Universe.com – LP history to 1999





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louisiana-Pacific&oldid=784174486"					
Categories: Construction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeAmerican companies established in 19731973 establishments in OregonPortland TimbersSuperfund sites in CaliforniaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from June 2017All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louisiana-Pacific - Wikipedia






















 






Louisiana-Pacific

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Louisiana-Pacific





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: LPX
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Construction


Founded
1973 in Portland, Oregon


Headquarters
Nashville, Tennessee, USA



Number of locations

24 (2012)



Key people

Curtis M. Stevens (CEO)


Products
Building materials


Revenue
 US$1.357 billion (2011)



Operating income

 US$(17 million) (2011)


Profit
 US$(181 million) (2011)


Total assets
 US$656.8 million (2011)


Total equity
 US$1,011.6 million (2011)



Number of employees

3,900


Website
www.lpcorp.com


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, commonly known as "LP", is a United States building materials manufacturer. It was founded in 1973 and is currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. LP pioneered the U.S. production of oriented strand board (OSB) panels.[1] Today, LP is the world's largest producer of OSB, and manufactures engineered wood building products.[2] LP products are sold to builders and homeowners through building materials distributors and dealers and retail home centers.
As of 2011, LP has 24 mills including 15 in the United States, six in Canada, two in Chile and one in Brazil.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forming a new company[1]
3 A breakthrough product[4]
4 Expansion during the 1980s[1]
5 The early 1990s[4]
6 Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future
7 Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4]
8 Company restructuring in the early 2000s
9 Key dates[1]
10 Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)
11 Additional
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
A leading manufacturer and marketer of building and lumber products, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) revolutionized the industry by inventing alternatives to plywood and solid wood building products.[1] Instead of relying on larger, more expensive old-growth timber, LP found ways to make structural building products from small-diameter, fast-growing trees. LP pioneered the use of oriented strand board (OSB) — a reconstituted plywood substitute made by pressing wood wafers together.[4] OSB is the basis for many of LP's structural building products. LP also manufacturers industrial wood products, such as hardboard and medium density fiberboard, which are used by furniture and cabinet makers. Furthermore, along with wood products such as LPI joists and laminated veneer lumber, the company also produces Cocoon cellulose insulation. Plywood and pulp manufacturing round out LP's operations. The company controls over 950,000 acres of timberland, and owns plants in 29 states, as well as in Canada and Ireland.[1]
LP was incorporated on January 5, 1973 as part of a court-ordered monopoly breakup of Georgia-Pacific.[4] LP was headed by company president Harry A. Merlo for the first 22 years, who was known for his flamboyant style and generous civic contributions. For its first 33 years, Louisiana-Pacific was based in Portland, Oregon; the LP headquarters were moved to Nashville in 2004.[5]
Over the years, LP has been associated with professional sports in different manners. From 1979–82, the company owned the Portland Timbers soccer club in the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL). From 2006–15, it owned the naming rights to LP Field, the stadium which houses the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee State University football teams in Nashville.[6]
Forming a new company[1][edit]
Louisiana-Pacific was formed in July 1972 when the Georgia-Pacific Corporation spun off the wholly owned subsidiary. After Georgia-Pacific had acquired 16 small firms in the southern United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused the company of becoming a monopolist in the softwood plywood industry. As part of its settlement with the FTC, Georgia-Pacific agreed to divest 20 percent of its assets. William H. Hunt, a vice-chairman at Georgia-Pacific, was selected as Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman. In 1974 Harry A. Merlo, who had been chief executive officer of LP since its foundation, succeeded Hunt as chairman while remaining CEO.[1]
Prior to the official spinoff of LP, Georgia-Pacific had transferred several of its operations to LP ownership, including its Samoa, Ukiah, Intermountain, Weather-Seal, and Southern divisions, as well as its 50 percent investments in Alaska's Ketchikan Pulp Company; Ketchikan Spruce Mills, Inc.; and Ketchikan International Sales Company. However, Georgia-Pacific had kept most of its low-cost timber reserves and the bulk of its tree farms for itself. Thus the newly independent LP had to 'scramble for raw materials,' particularly timber, as the July 29, 1990 Portland Oregonian explained.[1]
This proved to be an especially difficult task as timber shortages wracked the entire industry. Overcutting, Japanese demand for logs, and pressure on the U.S. Forest Service to tighten harvesting restrictions on large trees caused prices to soar. To make matters worse, LP lost 26,000 acres of harvestable old-growth timberland with the expansion of the Redwood National Park in Northern California.[1]
Merlo strove to shepherd the company through its early difficulties. LP acquired several lumber companies in California, Oregon, Montana, Washington, Missouri, and Alabama, and in 1976 it purchased the Fibreboard Corporation, a manufacturer of products used in making furniture and cabinets. In 1979, the company bought fifteen building-material centers in southern California from Lone Star Industries, which provided LP with much needed distribution centers.[1]
A breakthrough product[4][edit]
To ensure its long-term success, however, LP would need to compensate for its comparative dearth of southern pine and Douglas fir timber, as well as lumber production. To address this shortfall, LP turned its attention to the development of wood products derived from less-expensive and faster-growing trees, such as cottonwood and aspen. As Merlo told the Portland Oregonian in 1990, 'we recognized that the days of making wood products from big trees were numbered for both economic and environmental reasons.'[4]
In the late 1970s, the company began manufacturing OSB by slicing logs into wafers, mixing the wafers with resin, and then pressing them into sheets. First introduced under the trade name Waferwood[7] (later re-christened Inner-Seal), this new product line revolutionized the construction industry by offering a less expensive, stronger alternative to plywood sheathing and sub-flooring. After opening its first Inner-Seal mill in 1980, LP advertised the product as 'the smart man's plywood.'
Expansion during the 1980s[1][edit]
LP's OSB products protected the company from some of the vicissitudes of the timber market. Buoyed by this success, the company soon expanded its line of products made from reconstituted wood to include I-beams for floor joists and rafters. These structural beams used half as much lumber as their solid wood counterparts, yet were stronger and lighter. LP also introduced a concrete form of Inner-Seal, and in 1985 began to market Inner-Seal siding for the exterior of homes. Driven by these breakthroughs, a housing boom, and a thriving remodeling and repair business that increased demand for its specialty building products, LP's sales grew 50 percent between 1980 and 1988, according to the Portland Oregonian. During the same period, its profits increased 400 percent. Moreover, OSB products accounted for an escalating portion of the company's total sales. Only six percent of sales in 1980, the Inner-Seal line by 1990 amounted to almost 30 percent of total sales volume. LP's sales of lumber—once the mainstay of the building industry—decreased from 53 to 30 percent over the same period.
In 1986, the company purchased Kirby Forest Industries and the California properties of Timber Realization Company. From these transactions, LP gained almost 830,000 acres of timberland, which helped balance the land taken in 1978 for Redwood National Park. (LP received a final payment of $440 million from the government for this land in 1988.) In 1990, LP bought Weather Guard Inc., a manufacturer of housing insulation made from recycled newsprint, as well as MiTek Wood Products, a North Carolina-based producer of laminated veneer lumber and engineered wood I-beams.
The early 1990s[4][edit]
During 1990 sales and profits in the company's softwood lumber, plywood, and building products areas slumped due to weakening demand. This situation was attributed to an economic downturn, increasing concerns over the U.S. federal budget deficit, and fears about the unsettled global geopolitical environment. The construction industry suffered because of bankers' reluctance to finance new projects and consumers' decisions to delay home purchases. Housing starts for 1990 fell to 1.19 million, the lowest level since 1982 and down 13.3 percent from 1989.[8] LP responded to these developments by curtailing production at many of its plants and increasing exports of its specialty building products.
The pulp market also experienced slowing growth in 1990. After a four-year period of rapidly rising prices, pulp manufacturers then faced eroding profit margins due to worldwide economic problems and larger than normal inventories. Although LP saw its own pulp sales and profits peak in mid-1989 and expected only a minor recovery in 1991, the company continued to operate three pulp manufacturing mills. One mill supplied paper pulp to non-integrated paper producers. A second mill produced dissolving pulp for manufacturers of rayon and cellophane products. The third and newest pulp mill, using a bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pump process, revolutionized pulp production by eliminating the use of chlorine and operated in a completely closed system without discharge into neighboring water supplies. This mill marketed its output to manufacturers of printing and writing papers.
LP was able to rebound from the downturn of 1990. While its competitors struggled in the face of dwindling timber supplies, LP enjoyed record sales in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Much of LP's growth in the 1990s came through acquisition of other building materials companies, such as ABTco in the eastern United States and Forex in eastern Canada. According to the Spokane Journal of Business, 'LP [was] flourishing because it had vigorously developed alternatives to dimensional lumber and plywood.' Indeed, Merlo told the Wallstreet Journal that 'technology'--not old-growth timber resources--'had proven to be [the company's] lifeblood.' Profits for 1992 were up 216 percent from the previous year, and in 1994, the company achieved an all-time high of $3.04 billion in sales. By that year, only one-third of LP's sales came from dimensional lumber—the studs and solid wood joists that frame houses—while over half its revenue came from OSB products, and another 20 percent from engineered wood products and pulp.
Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future[edit]
Despite its many achievements, LP encountered a number of serious obstacles in the 1990s. Foremost among these were lawsuits pertaining to its simulated cedar Inner-Seal exterior siding. During the 1990s, LP was the defendant in a major class-action lawsuit over its OSB siding product known as Inner Seal, manufactured from the early 1990s through 1996. The company had initiated the class action lawsuit to speed up the process and, according to the judge presiding over the case, "got the most money to the most people in the quickest amount of time based on my experience."[9]
Many homeowners alleged that Inner-Seal siding, which carried a 25-year warranty, began to rot prematurely—discoloring, disintegrating, and even growing fungi. The first claims surrounded the use of OSB panels on the roofs of homes in Florida. Following Hurricane Andrew in 1992 some of these homes lost shingles, exposing the OSB panels to heavy rains. Reports claimed that the exposed OSB began to deteriorate. Two years after the first suit, LP had settled all related disputes. LP re-engineered the product, now marketed as LPSmartSide and since 1997 has sold approximately 3 billion square feet of SmartSide siding with no warranty claims for fungal decay.
Class-action suits brought by various collections of homeowners as well as the attorney general of Minnesota, were filed against the Inner-Seal siding. Although LP admitted to no wrongdoing, the company moved quickly to settle the cases. At the close of 1991, LP had paid over $22 million to settle OSB claims, and between 1993 and 1994, the company paid out an additional $14 million. In 1996, LP committed at least $275 million to a settlement with 800,000 homeowners who had used the Inner-Seal siding.[9]
In April 2003, LP implemented a Claimant Offer Program to speed payments to claimants. In what was the largest class-action lawsuit in the history of the siding industry, LP paid out more than 37,000 claims. By the end of the settlement, LP had paid almost $1 billion to satisfy claims.[10]
LP's woes did not end there, however. In 1996, LP paid $65 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed the previous year by LP shareholders who alleged that the company had 'violated securities laws by failing to disclose that the company's oriented-strand boards were defective,' as the Portland Oregonian reported on December 5, 1996. It was the largest securities settlement in Oregon history. Also that year, the company settled a 1993 sexual harassment suit against Merlo. Moreover, the state of Colorado brought a 56-count indictment against LP in 1995, charging fraud and environmental violations at its plant in Montrose, Colorado. The same year, LP's eight-person board 'lost confidence in the ability of Merlo and his top two lieutenants to steer the Fortune 500 company,' declared the August 4, 1995, edition of the Portland Oregonian. Merlo resigned and was replaced as chairman and CEO by Mark Suwyn, a former executive at International Paper.[1]
Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4][edit]
Under this new leadership, LP began the difficult task of regrouping. The year 1995 had been particularly difficult, one in which the company endured a net loss of $51.7 million. The market for building products had sunk as an influx of Canadian lumber had flooded the United States. High interest rates and poor weather (which affected home building) only exacerbated LP's problems. Even more dangerous to LP, however, was the inauguration of several rival OSB mills. As OSB increasingly replaced plywood as a basic construction material, Inner-Seal became less a specialty item exclusively made by LP and more of a building commodity.
Faced with these new threats, Suwyn implemented a multidimensional plan for recovery. First, the company strove to eliminate unprofitable operations. In 1996, LP closed the Ketchikan Paper Company, as well as 22 plants and mills. More closings followed in 1997 and 1998, and the company sold off a number of additional operations, including the Weather-Seal door and window division in 1998. All told, LP sold over $875 million of assets during the three-year period. 'The assets sales will do two things for us,' Suwyn told Business Wire. 'They will provide us with additional financial flexibility to grow the company and allow us to focus all our management attention on becoming the premier supplier of building materials.'
Suwyn also concentrated on developing LP's specialty products lines. As its past innovations had become industry standards (and were imitated by numerous competitors), it was essential for LP to launch new products that would give the company an edge over its rivals. To further this goal, LP engaged in a series of targeted acquisitions. In 1996, LP purchased Associated Chemists, a key supplier of specialty coatings to the wood products industry, as well as GreenStone Industries, a manufacturer of cellulose insulation, and Tecton Laminates Corp., a producer of laminated veneer lumber and wood I-joists used in the construction industry. Two years later, LP acquired ABT Building Products Corporation, a transaction it heralded as a way 'to expand its specialty products lines and complement its low-cost commodity building products,' according to the Wall Street Journal. In 1999, LP purchased Evans Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian manufacturer of engineered wood and lumber products.
LP did more than simply buy other companies, however. In 1997 LP unveiled its Advanced Technology Center, which provided the company with the facilities to conceive, test, and improve new offerings. LP soon introduced a bevy of new product systems, including Smart Start siding, TechShield energy efficient structural panels, TopNotch flooring, and Cocoon insulation.
A final prong of LP's rebuilding efforts involved improving operations. In 1996, the company instituted an intensive employee training course—Rapid Change Technologies—designed to enhance workers' communication skills and to empower them to accept new ideas with ease. To increase productivity, LP utilized Business Process Improvement technology to make its OSB mills more efficient. LP also sought to bolster the company's relationship with large and national home center chains, such as Home Depot and Lowe's. These 'superstores' represented the fastest-growing segment of the building industry.
The outcome of LP's vigorous reorganization was not immediately evident. Sales for 1996 were 13 percent lower than in 1995, and resulted in a net yearly loss of $200.7 million. Although the company again operated at a net loss of $101.8 million in 1997, executives remained optimistic. In 1998, LP returned once more to profitability, achieving $12.8 million of net profit from $2.29 billion in sales. Reinforced by a strong housing market, a booming economy, operational improvements, and greater numbers of specialty products, Louisiana-Pacific's future looked bright.
Company restructuring in the early 2000s[edit]
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has undergone many changes since 2000. From 2000 to 2010 the company made a total of 20 divestures.[11]
In May 2002 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation announced an asset sale and debt reduction program designed to enhance its long-term competitiveness and financial flexibility.[12]
Company wide, the downsizing included the sale of a total of 935,000 acres of timber lands nationally, along with manufacturing plants making plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).[13]
In December 2002, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) finalized the sale of 33,000 acres of timberland near Oakdale, Louisiana, to Barrs & Glawson Investments, LLC for approximately $30 million.[4] Throughout 2003 LP continued to sell Timberland in Louisiana, Texas, Idaho along with several mills related to the company's divestures.[14] The timberland portion of the company's divesture program exceeded the initial $700 million target by more than $50 million.[15]
In September 2003, LP announced the relocation of its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville was one of four cities considered for LP's headquarters. The other cities under consideration were Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon.[16] The relocation was complete in July 2004.[17]
In line with the company's restructuring, in May 2004, Louisiana-Pacific announced a strategic plan to convert LP's Hayward, Wisc., commodity oriented strand board (OSB) mill to make SmartSide siding products and replace this capacity with a new, state-of-the-art, low-cost OSB mill in Alabama. The conversion of the Hayward Mill was scheduled for 2005.[18] The project agreement for the Alabama mill was signed in June 2005, with production start-up slated for late 2007.[19] As of 2011, the mill still has not opened. But the company has said it still intends to reopen the 130-worker Clarke County mill, which can make more than 700 million square feet a year of OSB at full capacity.[20]
In 2004, the company began producing LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing, an ICC certified (ESR-1365), PS2-rated structural sheathing with a Class A Flame Spread Rating. According to the ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), it provides extended burn-through resistance, delivering a 15-minute thermal barrier (ASTM E119). It's durable on the job site, easy to work with, and is Exposure-1 rated to withstand weather during normal construction delays.
In 2005, LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products, including LP's two vinyl siding mills, located in Holly Springs, Miss., and Acton, Ontario, and a warehouse in Milton, Ontario.[21] In 2007, Fiber Composites, LLC, purchase the WeatherBest® composite decking and railing business from Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. The acquisition included LP's Meridian, Idaho, manufacturing facility and the WeatherBest® brand.[22]
In 2008, the company began producing LP SolidStart engineered wood products.
Key dates[1][edit]


Key dates


1972
Louisiana-Pacific is spun off from Georgia-Pacific.


1974
Harry Merlo is named Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman.


1978
Louisiana-Pacific acquires Fibreboard Corporation; U.S. government acquires a portion of Louisiana-Pacific's timberlands to form Redwood National Park in California.


1985
Louisiana-Pacific begins marketing its Oriented Strand Board (OSB) as an exterior siding.


1990
Lawsuits relating to defective OSB exterior siding begin.


1996
Mark Suwyn replaces Merlo as chairman and CEO.


1998
Louisiana-Pacific acquires ABT Building Products as part of its effort to focus on the building products market.


2002
Louisiana-Pacific announces major restructuring plan including the divesture of timberlands, plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).


2004
Louisiana-Pacific relocated its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee.


2005
LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products


2007
Fiber Composites, LLC, purchased LP Building Products’ WeatherBest® decking business


Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)[edit]
Louisiana Pacific operates several engineered wood siding mills that produce many siding products. The siding products produced at these mills differ in composition from the company's other offerings.
Additional[edit]
LP uses forest management and timber procurement systems that are SFI certified, which helps to ensure its wood comes from well-managed forests. The green attributes built into LP products are recognized in green building certification programs across North America.[23]
The company invests in communities by providing funding, products and volunteers to support public schools and nonprofit organizations. Contributions are focused in four areas: shelter, education, social services and the environment.[24]
LP Building Products subscribes to the Lean Six Sigma methodology, viewing lean manufacturing, which addresses process flow and waste issues, and Six Sigma, with its focus on variation and design, as complementary disciplines aimed at promoting business and operational excellence. During 2006 through 2009 LP ramped up its Lean Six Sigma program, training and hiring Black Belts from within, and engaging people in LSS teams across the company. More than 370 Black Belts and Green Belts have been traveling across the company. The Lean Six Sigma teams are delivering greater than a six-to-one return on investment in cost savings for LP.[25]

Domestic subsidiaries

GreenStone Industries, Inc.; Ketchikan Pulp Company; Louisiana-Pacific International, Inc. L-PSPV, Inc. ; LP Pinewood SPV, LLC; LPS Corporation; L-P SPV2, LLC

Foreign subsidiaries of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation

Louisiana-Pacific Canada Pulp Co. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Sales ULC ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Holding Ltd. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Ltd. Louisiana-Pacific (OSB) Ltd.; Louisiana-Pacific South America S.A.; Louisiana-Pacific Chile S.A; Louisiana-Pacific del Perú S.A.C.;LP-Brasil OSB Industria E Comercio S.A. Less Than 51% Owned Joint Ventures Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood Inc.; Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood II Inc.; Canfor-LP OSB (G.P.) Corp; Canfor-LP OSB Limited Partnership; US GreenFiber, LLC

Principal competitors

Georgia-Pacific Group; Boise-Cascade Corporation; Jamies Hardie; Weyerhaeuser Company; Tolko
On September 4, 2013, LP announced plans to acquire Vancouver, BC based Ainsworth Lumber in a stock and cash deal estimated at $1.1 billion.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Funding Universe. Funding Universe. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Engineered Wood Product". Housing Zone. Reed Business Information Building Group. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Building Products". Guide to APA Members. APA – The Engineered Wood Association. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Encyclopedia.com. HighBeam Research, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ LP.corp – 2004 relocation to Nashville – accessed 2009-06-07
^ Wyatt, Jim (June 25, 2015). "Titans' stadium LP Field to be renamed Nissan Stadium". The Tennessean. Retrieved June 25, 2015. 
^ Lewis, Rick (10 November 2009). "Get Re-Oriented: The Technology Behind Sustainable Building". Engineered Wood. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Housing Starts Fell Last Month". New York Times. 17 March 1990. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b Michael, Russo (8 April 2011). "Rising from the Ashes". Spectroscopy. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "LP Elects to Fund Remaining Claims Under the Inner-Seal Siding Class Action Suit". AllBusiness.com. 6 October 2003. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Mergers and Acquisitions". Alacra. Alacra, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "L-P SELLS 33,000 ACRES OF TIMBERLAND IN LOUISIANA". Building Online. 7 January 2003. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Kelly, Tom. "Louisiana Pacific will sell plants, timberland". The Piney Woods. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "News and Media". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Sells 463,000 Acres of Timberland for Approximately $290 Million". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Announces Headquarters Relocation". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Moves Corporate Headquarters to Nashville, Tenn.". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP SmartSide Plant Conversion Announced". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Signs Project Agreement to Build OSB Mill". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Amy, Jeff (11 February 2010). "Louisiana-Pacific narrows loss". Press Register. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "LP to Sell Vinyl Siding Business to KP Building Products Inc.". Building Online. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Fiber Composites Completes Purchase of WeatherBest® Decking From LP Building Products". Business Wire. Business Wire. Retrieved 10 October 2007. 
^ "L-P Products Engineered to be Environmentally Friendly". Handy Man Club of America. Handy Man Club of America. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "Social Responsibility". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Diversity and Development". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 



External links[edit]


Tennessee portal
Companies portal



Louisiana Pacific corporate website
Funding Universe.com – LP history to 1999





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louisiana-Pacific&oldid=784174486"					
Categories: Construction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeAmerican companies established in 19731973 establishments in OregonPortland TimbersSuperfund sites in CaliforniaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from June 2017All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louisiana-Pacific - Wikipedia






















 






Louisiana-Pacific

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Louisiana-Pacific





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: LPX
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Construction


Founded
1973 in Portland, Oregon


Headquarters
Nashville, Tennessee, USA



Number of locations

24 (2012)



Key people

Curtis M. Stevens (CEO)


Products
Building materials


Revenue
 US$1.357 billion (2011)



Operating income

 US$(17 million) (2011)


Profit
 US$(181 million) (2011)


Total assets
 US$656.8 million (2011)


Total equity
 US$1,011.6 million (2011)



Number of employees

3,900


Website
www.lpcorp.com


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, commonly known as "LP", is a United States building materials manufacturer. It was founded in 1973 and is currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. LP pioneered the U.S. production of oriented strand board (OSB) panels.[1] Today, LP is the world's largest producer of OSB, and manufactures engineered wood building products.[2] LP products are sold to builders and homeowners through building materials distributors and dealers and retail home centers.
As of 2011, LP has 24 mills including 15 in the United States, six in Canada, two in Chile and one in Brazil.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forming a new company[1]
3 A breakthrough product[4]
4 Expansion during the 1980s[1]
5 The early 1990s[4]
6 Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future
7 Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4]
8 Company restructuring in the early 2000s
9 Key dates[1]
10 Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)
11 Additional
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
A leading manufacturer and marketer of building and lumber products, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) revolutionized the industry by inventing alternatives to plywood and solid wood building products.[1] Instead of relying on larger, more expensive old-growth timber, LP found ways to make structural building products from small-diameter, fast-growing trees. LP pioneered the use of oriented strand board (OSB) — a reconstituted plywood substitute made by pressing wood wafers together.[4] OSB is the basis for many of LP's structural building products. LP also manufacturers industrial wood products, such as hardboard and medium density fiberboard, which are used by furniture and cabinet makers. Furthermore, along with wood products such as LPI joists and laminated veneer lumber, the company also produces Cocoon cellulose insulation. Plywood and pulp manufacturing round out LP's operations. The company controls over 950,000 acres of timberland, and owns plants in 29 states, as well as in Canada and Ireland.[1]
LP was incorporated on January 5, 1973 as part of a court-ordered monopoly breakup of Georgia-Pacific.[4] LP was headed by company president Harry A. Merlo for the first 22 years, who was known for his flamboyant style and generous civic contributions. For its first 33 years, Louisiana-Pacific was based in Portland, Oregon; the LP headquarters were moved to Nashville in 2004.[5]
Over the years, LP has been associated with professional sports in different manners. From 1979–82, the company owned the Portland Timbers soccer club in the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL). From 2006–15, it owned the naming rights to LP Field, the stadium which houses the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee State University football teams in Nashville.[6]
Forming a new company[1][edit]
Louisiana-Pacific was formed in July 1972 when the Georgia-Pacific Corporation spun off the wholly owned subsidiary. After Georgia-Pacific had acquired 16 small firms in the southern United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused the company of becoming a monopolist in the softwood plywood industry. As part of its settlement with the FTC, Georgia-Pacific agreed to divest 20 percent of its assets. William H. Hunt, a vice-chairman at Georgia-Pacific, was selected as Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman. In 1974 Harry A. Merlo, who had been chief executive officer of LP since its foundation, succeeded Hunt as chairman while remaining CEO.[1]
Prior to the official spinoff of LP, Georgia-Pacific had transferred several of its operations to LP ownership, including its Samoa, Ukiah, Intermountain, Weather-Seal, and Southern divisions, as well as its 50 percent investments in Alaska's Ketchikan Pulp Company; Ketchikan Spruce Mills, Inc.; and Ketchikan International Sales Company. However, Georgia-Pacific had kept most of its low-cost timber reserves and the bulk of its tree farms for itself. Thus the newly independent LP had to 'scramble for raw materials,' particularly timber, as the July 29, 1990 Portland Oregonian explained.[1]
This proved to be an especially difficult task as timber shortages wracked the entire industry. Overcutting, Japanese demand for logs, and pressure on the U.S. Forest Service to tighten harvesting restrictions on large trees caused prices to soar. To make matters worse, LP lost 26,000 acres of harvestable old-growth timberland with the expansion of the Redwood National Park in Northern California.[1]
Merlo strove to shepherd the company through its early difficulties. LP acquired several lumber companies in California, Oregon, Montana, Washington, Missouri, and Alabama, and in 1976 it purchased the Fibreboard Corporation, a manufacturer of products used in making furniture and cabinets. In 1979, the company bought fifteen building-material centers in southern California from Lone Star Industries, which provided LP with much needed distribution centers.[1]
A breakthrough product[4][edit]
To ensure its long-term success, however, LP would need to compensate for its comparative dearth of southern pine and Douglas fir timber, as well as lumber production. To address this shortfall, LP turned its attention to the development of wood products derived from less-expensive and faster-growing trees, such as cottonwood and aspen. As Merlo told the Portland Oregonian in 1990, 'we recognized that the days of making wood products from big trees were numbered for both economic and environmental reasons.'[4]
In the late 1970s, the company began manufacturing OSB by slicing logs into wafers, mixing the wafers with resin, and then pressing them into sheets. First introduced under the trade name Waferwood[7] (later re-christened Inner-Seal), this new product line revolutionized the construction industry by offering a less expensive, stronger alternative to plywood sheathing and sub-flooring. After opening its first Inner-Seal mill in 1980, LP advertised the product as 'the smart man's plywood.'
Expansion during the 1980s[1][edit]
LP's OSB products protected the company from some of the vicissitudes of the timber market. Buoyed by this success, the company soon expanded its line of products made from reconstituted wood to include I-beams for floor joists and rafters. These structural beams used half as much lumber as their solid wood counterparts, yet were stronger and lighter. LP also introduced a concrete form of Inner-Seal, and in 1985 began to market Inner-Seal siding for the exterior of homes. Driven by these breakthroughs, a housing boom, and a thriving remodeling and repair business that increased demand for its specialty building products, LP's sales grew 50 percent between 1980 and 1988, according to the Portland Oregonian. During the same period, its profits increased 400 percent. Moreover, OSB products accounted for an escalating portion of the company's total sales. Only six percent of sales in 1980, the Inner-Seal line by 1990 amounted to almost 30 percent of total sales volume. LP's sales of lumber—once the mainstay of the building industry—decreased from 53 to 30 percent over the same period.
In 1986, the company purchased Kirby Forest Industries and the California properties of Timber Realization Company. From these transactions, LP gained almost 830,000 acres of timberland, which helped balance the land taken in 1978 for Redwood National Park. (LP received a final payment of $440 million from the government for this land in 1988.) In 1990, LP bought Weather Guard Inc., a manufacturer of housing insulation made from recycled newsprint, as well as MiTek Wood Products, a North Carolina-based producer of laminated veneer lumber and engineered wood I-beams.
The early 1990s[4][edit]
During 1990 sales and profits in the company's softwood lumber, plywood, and building products areas slumped due to weakening demand. This situation was attributed to an economic downturn, increasing concerns over the U.S. federal budget deficit, and fears about the unsettled global geopolitical environment. The construction industry suffered because of bankers' reluctance to finance new projects and consumers' decisions to delay home purchases. Housing starts for 1990 fell to 1.19 million, the lowest level since 1982 and down 13.3 percent from 1989.[8] LP responded to these developments by curtailing production at many of its plants and increasing exports of its specialty building products.
The pulp market also experienced slowing growth in 1990. After a four-year period of rapidly rising prices, pulp manufacturers then faced eroding profit margins due to worldwide economic problems and larger than normal inventories. Although LP saw its own pulp sales and profits peak in mid-1989 and expected only a minor recovery in 1991, the company continued to operate three pulp manufacturing mills. One mill supplied paper pulp to non-integrated paper producers. A second mill produced dissolving pulp for manufacturers of rayon and cellophane products. The third and newest pulp mill, using a bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pump process, revolutionized pulp production by eliminating the use of chlorine and operated in a completely closed system without discharge into neighboring water supplies. This mill marketed its output to manufacturers of printing and writing papers.
LP was able to rebound from the downturn of 1990. While its competitors struggled in the face of dwindling timber supplies, LP enjoyed record sales in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Much of LP's growth in the 1990s came through acquisition of other building materials companies, such as ABTco in the eastern United States and Forex in eastern Canada. According to the Spokane Journal of Business, 'LP [was] flourishing because it had vigorously developed alternatives to dimensional lumber and plywood.' Indeed, Merlo told the Wallstreet Journal that 'technology'--not old-growth timber resources--'had proven to be [the company's] lifeblood.' Profits for 1992 were up 216 percent from the previous year, and in 1994, the company achieved an all-time high of $3.04 billion in sales. By that year, only one-third of LP's sales came from dimensional lumber—the studs and solid wood joists that frame houses—while over half its revenue came from OSB products, and another 20 percent from engineered wood products and pulp.
Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future[edit]
Despite its many achievements, LP encountered a number of serious obstacles in the 1990s. Foremost among these were lawsuits pertaining to its simulated cedar Inner-Seal exterior siding. During the 1990s, LP was the defendant in a major class-action lawsuit over its OSB siding product known as Inner Seal, manufactured from the early 1990s through 1996. The company had initiated the class action lawsuit to speed up the process and, according to the judge presiding over the case, "got the most money to the most people in the quickest amount of time based on my experience."[9]
Many homeowners alleged that Inner-Seal siding, which carried a 25-year warranty, began to rot prematurely—discoloring, disintegrating, and even growing fungi. The first claims surrounded the use of OSB panels on the roofs of homes in Florida. Following Hurricane Andrew in 1992 some of these homes lost shingles, exposing the OSB panels to heavy rains. Reports claimed that the exposed OSB began to deteriorate. Two years after the first suit, LP had settled all related disputes. LP re-engineered the product, now marketed as LPSmartSide and since 1997 has sold approximately 3 billion square feet of SmartSide siding with no warranty claims for fungal decay.
Class-action suits brought by various collections of homeowners as well as the attorney general of Minnesota, were filed against the Inner-Seal siding. Although LP admitted to no wrongdoing, the company moved quickly to settle the cases. At the close of 1991, LP had paid over $22 million to settle OSB claims, and between 1993 and 1994, the company paid out an additional $14 million. In 1996, LP committed at least $275 million to a settlement with 800,000 homeowners who had used the Inner-Seal siding.[9]
In April 2003, LP implemented a Claimant Offer Program to speed payments to claimants. In what was the largest class-action lawsuit in the history of the siding industry, LP paid out more than 37,000 claims. By the end of the settlement, LP had paid almost $1 billion to satisfy claims.[10]
LP's woes did not end there, however. In 1996, LP paid $65 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed the previous year by LP shareholders who alleged that the company had 'violated securities laws by failing to disclose that the company's oriented-strand boards were defective,' as the Portland Oregonian reported on December 5, 1996. It was the largest securities settlement in Oregon history. Also that year, the company settled a 1993 sexual harassment suit against Merlo. Moreover, the state of Colorado brought a 56-count indictment against LP in 1995, charging fraud and environmental violations at its plant in Montrose, Colorado. The same year, LP's eight-person board 'lost confidence in the ability of Merlo and his top two lieutenants to steer the Fortune 500 company,' declared the August 4, 1995, edition of the Portland Oregonian. Merlo resigned and was replaced as chairman and CEO by Mark Suwyn, a former executive at International Paper.[1]
Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4][edit]
Under this new leadership, LP began the difficult task of regrouping. The year 1995 had been particularly difficult, one in which the company endured a net loss of $51.7 million. The market for building products had sunk as an influx of Canadian lumber had flooded the United States. High interest rates and poor weather (which affected home building) only exacerbated LP's problems. Even more dangerous to LP, however, was the inauguration of several rival OSB mills. As OSB increasingly replaced plywood as a basic construction material, Inner-Seal became less a specialty item exclusively made by LP and more of a building commodity.
Faced with these new threats, Suwyn implemented a multidimensional plan for recovery. First, the company strove to eliminate unprofitable operations. In 1996, LP closed the Ketchikan Paper Company, as well as 22 plants and mills. More closings followed in 1997 and 1998, and the company sold off a number of additional operations, including the Weather-Seal door and window division in 1998. All told, LP sold over $875 million of assets during the three-year period. 'The assets sales will do two things for us,' Suwyn told Business Wire. 'They will provide us with additional financial flexibility to grow the company and allow us to focus all our management attention on becoming the premier supplier of building materials.'
Suwyn also concentrated on developing LP's specialty products lines. As its past innovations had become industry standards (and were imitated by numerous competitors), it was essential for LP to launch new products that would give the company an edge over its rivals. To further this goal, LP engaged in a series of targeted acquisitions. In 1996, LP purchased Associated Chemists, a key supplier of specialty coatings to the wood products industry, as well as GreenStone Industries, a manufacturer of cellulose insulation, and Tecton Laminates Corp., a producer of laminated veneer lumber and wood I-joists used in the construction industry. Two years later, LP acquired ABT Building Products Corporation, a transaction it heralded as a way 'to expand its specialty products lines and complement its low-cost commodity building products,' according to the Wall Street Journal. In 1999, LP purchased Evans Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian manufacturer of engineered wood and lumber products.
LP did more than simply buy other companies, however. In 1997 LP unveiled its Advanced Technology Center, which provided the company with the facilities to conceive, test, and improve new offerings. LP soon introduced a bevy of new product systems, including Smart Start siding, TechShield energy efficient structural panels, TopNotch flooring, and Cocoon insulation.
A final prong of LP's rebuilding efforts involved improving operations. In 1996, the company instituted an intensive employee training course—Rapid Change Technologies—designed to enhance workers' communication skills and to empower them to accept new ideas with ease. To increase productivity, LP utilized Business Process Improvement technology to make its OSB mills more efficient. LP also sought to bolster the company's relationship with large and national home center chains, such as Home Depot and Lowe's. These 'superstores' represented the fastest-growing segment of the building industry.
The outcome of LP's vigorous reorganization was not immediately evident. Sales for 1996 were 13 percent lower than in 1995, and resulted in a net yearly loss of $200.7 million. Although the company again operated at a net loss of $101.8 million in 1997, executives remained optimistic. In 1998, LP returned once more to profitability, achieving $12.8 million of net profit from $2.29 billion in sales. Reinforced by a strong housing market, a booming economy, operational improvements, and greater numbers of specialty products, Louisiana-Pacific's future looked bright.
Company restructuring in the early 2000s[edit]
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has undergone many changes since 2000. From 2000 to 2010 the company made a total of 20 divestures.[11]
In May 2002 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation announced an asset sale and debt reduction program designed to enhance its long-term competitiveness and financial flexibility.[12]
Company wide, the downsizing included the sale of a total of 935,000 acres of timber lands nationally, along with manufacturing plants making plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).[13]
In December 2002, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) finalized the sale of 33,000 acres of timberland near Oakdale, Louisiana, to Barrs & Glawson Investments, LLC for approximately $30 million.[4] Throughout 2003 LP continued to sell Timberland in Louisiana, Texas, Idaho along with several mills related to the company's divestures.[14] The timberland portion of the company's divesture program exceeded the initial $700 million target by more than $50 million.[15]
In September 2003, LP announced the relocation of its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville was one of four cities considered for LP's headquarters. The other cities under consideration were Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon.[16] The relocation was complete in July 2004.[17]
In line with the company's restructuring, in May 2004, Louisiana-Pacific announced a strategic plan to convert LP's Hayward, Wisc., commodity oriented strand board (OSB) mill to make SmartSide siding products and replace this capacity with a new, state-of-the-art, low-cost OSB mill in Alabama. The conversion of the Hayward Mill was scheduled for 2005.[18] The project agreement for the Alabama mill was signed in June 2005, with production start-up slated for late 2007.[19] As of 2011, the mill still has not opened. But the company has said it still intends to reopen the 130-worker Clarke County mill, which can make more than 700 million square feet a year of OSB at full capacity.[20]
In 2004, the company began producing LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing, an ICC certified (ESR-1365), PS2-rated structural sheathing with a Class A Flame Spread Rating. According to the ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), it provides extended burn-through resistance, delivering a 15-minute thermal barrier (ASTM E119). It's durable on the job site, easy to work with, and is Exposure-1 rated to withstand weather during normal construction delays.
In 2005, LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products, including LP's two vinyl siding mills, located in Holly Springs, Miss., and Acton, Ontario, and a warehouse in Milton, Ontario.[21] In 2007, Fiber Composites, LLC, purchase the WeatherBest® composite decking and railing business from Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. The acquisition included LP's Meridian, Idaho, manufacturing facility and the WeatherBest® brand.[22]
In 2008, the company began producing LP SolidStart engineered wood products.
Key dates[1][edit]


Key dates


1972
Louisiana-Pacific is spun off from Georgia-Pacific.


1974
Harry Merlo is named Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman.


1978
Louisiana-Pacific acquires Fibreboard Corporation; U.S. government acquires a portion of Louisiana-Pacific's timberlands to form Redwood National Park in California.


1985
Louisiana-Pacific begins marketing its Oriented Strand Board (OSB) as an exterior siding.


1990
Lawsuits relating to defective OSB exterior siding begin.


1996
Mark Suwyn replaces Merlo as chairman and CEO.


1998
Louisiana-Pacific acquires ABT Building Products as part of its effort to focus on the building products market.


2002
Louisiana-Pacific announces major restructuring plan including the divesture of timberlands, plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).


2004
Louisiana-Pacific relocated its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee.


2005
LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products


2007
Fiber Composites, LLC, purchased LP Building Products’ WeatherBest® decking business


Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)[edit]
Louisiana Pacific operates several engineered wood siding mills that produce many siding products. The siding products produced at these mills differ in composition from the company's other offerings.
Additional[edit]
LP uses forest management and timber procurement systems that are SFI certified, which helps to ensure its wood comes from well-managed forests. The green attributes built into LP products are recognized in green building certification programs across North America.[23]
The company invests in communities by providing funding, products and volunteers to support public schools and nonprofit organizations. Contributions are focused in four areas: shelter, education, social services and the environment.[24]
LP Building Products subscribes to the Lean Six Sigma methodology, viewing lean manufacturing, which addresses process flow and waste issues, and Six Sigma, with its focus on variation and design, as complementary disciplines aimed at promoting business and operational excellence. During 2006 through 2009 LP ramped up its Lean Six Sigma program, training and hiring Black Belts from within, and engaging people in LSS teams across the company. More than 370 Black Belts and Green Belts have been traveling across the company. The Lean Six Sigma teams are delivering greater than a six-to-one return on investment in cost savings for LP.[25]

Domestic subsidiaries

GreenStone Industries, Inc.; Ketchikan Pulp Company; Louisiana-Pacific International, Inc. L-PSPV, Inc. ; LP Pinewood SPV, LLC; LPS Corporation; L-P SPV2, LLC

Foreign subsidiaries of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation

Louisiana-Pacific Canada Pulp Co. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Sales ULC ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Holding Ltd. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Ltd. Louisiana-Pacific (OSB) Ltd.; Louisiana-Pacific South America S.A.; Louisiana-Pacific Chile S.A; Louisiana-Pacific del Perú S.A.C.;LP-Brasil OSB Industria E Comercio S.A. Less Than 51% Owned Joint Ventures Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood Inc.; Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood II Inc.; Canfor-LP OSB (G.P.) Corp; Canfor-LP OSB Limited Partnership; US GreenFiber, LLC

Principal competitors

Georgia-Pacific Group; Boise-Cascade Corporation; Jamies Hardie; Weyerhaeuser Company; Tolko
On September 4, 2013, LP announced plans to acquire Vancouver, BC based Ainsworth Lumber in a stock and cash deal estimated at $1.1 billion.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Funding Universe. Funding Universe. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Engineered Wood Product". Housing Zone. Reed Business Information Building Group. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Building Products". Guide to APA Members. APA – The Engineered Wood Association. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Encyclopedia.com. HighBeam Research, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ LP.corp – 2004 relocation to Nashville – accessed 2009-06-07
^ Wyatt, Jim (June 25, 2015). "Titans' stadium LP Field to be renamed Nissan Stadium". The Tennessean. Retrieved June 25, 2015. 
^ Lewis, Rick (10 November 2009). "Get Re-Oriented: The Technology Behind Sustainable Building". Engineered Wood. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Housing Starts Fell Last Month". New York Times. 17 March 1990. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b Michael, Russo (8 April 2011). "Rising from the Ashes". Spectroscopy. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "LP Elects to Fund Remaining Claims Under the Inner-Seal Siding Class Action Suit". AllBusiness.com. 6 October 2003. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Mergers and Acquisitions". Alacra. Alacra, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "L-P SELLS 33,000 ACRES OF TIMBERLAND IN LOUISIANA". Building Online. 7 January 2003. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Kelly, Tom. "Louisiana Pacific will sell plants, timberland". The Piney Woods. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "News and Media". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Sells 463,000 Acres of Timberland for Approximately $290 Million". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Announces Headquarters Relocation". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Moves Corporate Headquarters to Nashville, Tenn.". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP SmartSide Plant Conversion Announced". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Signs Project Agreement to Build OSB Mill". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Amy, Jeff (11 February 2010). "Louisiana-Pacific narrows loss". Press Register. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "LP to Sell Vinyl Siding Business to KP Building Products Inc.". Building Online. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Fiber Composites Completes Purchase of WeatherBest® Decking From LP Building Products". Business Wire. Business Wire. Retrieved 10 October 2007. 
^ "L-P Products Engineered to be Environmentally Friendly". Handy Man Club of America. Handy Man Club of America. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "Social Responsibility". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Diversity and Development". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 



External links[edit]


Tennessee portal
Companies portal



Louisiana Pacific corporate website
Funding Universe.com – LP history to 1999





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louisiana-Pacific&oldid=784174486"					
Categories: Construction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeAmerican companies established in 19731973 establishments in OregonPortland TimbersSuperfund sites in CaliforniaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from June 2017All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louisiana-Pacific - Wikipedia






















 






Louisiana-Pacific

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Louisiana-Pacific





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: LPX
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Construction


Founded
1973 in Portland, Oregon


Headquarters
Nashville, Tennessee, USA



Number of locations

24 (2012)



Key people

Curtis M. Stevens (CEO)


Products
Building materials


Revenue
 US$1.357 billion (2011)



Operating income

 US$(17 million) (2011)


Profit
 US$(181 million) (2011)


Total assets
 US$656.8 million (2011)


Total equity
 US$1,011.6 million (2011)



Number of employees

3,900


Website
www.lpcorp.com


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, commonly known as "LP", is a United States building materials manufacturer. It was founded in 1973 and is currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. LP pioneered the U.S. production of oriented strand board (OSB) panels.[1] Today, LP is the world's largest producer of OSB, and manufactures engineered wood building products.[2] LP products are sold to builders and homeowners through building materials distributors and dealers and retail home centers.
As of 2011, LP has 24 mills including 15 in the United States, six in Canada, two in Chile and one in Brazil.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forming a new company[1]
3 A breakthrough product[4]
4 Expansion during the 1980s[1]
5 The early 1990s[4]
6 Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future
7 Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4]
8 Company restructuring in the early 2000s
9 Key dates[1]
10 Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)
11 Additional
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
A leading manufacturer and marketer of building and lumber products, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) revolutionized the industry by inventing alternatives to plywood and solid wood building products.[1] Instead of relying on larger, more expensive old-growth timber, LP found ways to make structural building products from small-diameter, fast-growing trees. LP pioneered the use of oriented strand board (OSB) — a reconstituted plywood substitute made by pressing wood wafers together.[4] OSB is the basis for many of LP's structural building products. LP also manufacturers industrial wood products, such as hardboard and medium density fiberboard, which are used by furniture and cabinet makers. Furthermore, along with wood products such as LPI joists and laminated veneer lumber, the company also produces Cocoon cellulose insulation. Plywood and pulp manufacturing round out LP's operations. The company controls over 950,000 acres of timberland, and owns plants in 29 states, as well as in Canada and Ireland.[1]
LP was incorporated on January 5, 1973 as part of a court-ordered monopoly breakup of Georgia-Pacific.[4] LP was headed by company president Harry A. Merlo for the first 22 years, who was known for his flamboyant style and generous civic contributions. For its first 33 years, Louisiana-Pacific was based in Portland, Oregon; the LP headquarters were moved to Nashville in 2004.[5]
Over the years, LP has been associated with professional sports in different manners. From 1979–82, the company owned the Portland Timbers soccer club in the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL). From 2006–15, it owned the naming rights to LP Field, the stadium which houses the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee State University football teams in Nashville.[6]
Forming a new company[1][edit]
Louisiana-Pacific was formed in July 1972 when the Georgia-Pacific Corporation spun off the wholly owned subsidiary. After Georgia-Pacific had acquired 16 small firms in the southern United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused the company of becoming a monopolist in the softwood plywood industry. As part of its settlement with the FTC, Georgia-Pacific agreed to divest 20 percent of its assets. William H. Hunt, a vice-chairman at Georgia-Pacific, was selected as Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman. In 1974 Harry A. Merlo, who had been chief executive officer of LP since its foundation, succeeded Hunt as chairman while remaining CEO.[1]
Prior to the official spinoff of LP, Georgia-Pacific had transferred several of its operations to LP ownership, including its Samoa, Ukiah, Intermountain, Weather-Seal, and Southern divisions, as well as its 50 percent investments in Alaska's Ketchikan Pulp Company; Ketchikan Spruce Mills, Inc.; and Ketchikan International Sales Company. However, Georgia-Pacific had kept most of its low-cost timber reserves and the bulk of its tree farms for itself. Thus the newly independent LP had to 'scramble for raw materials,' particularly timber, as the July 29, 1990 Portland Oregonian explained.[1]
This proved to be an especially difficult task as timber shortages wracked the entire industry. Overcutting, Japanese demand for logs, and pressure on the U.S. Forest Service to tighten harvesting restrictions on large trees caused prices to soar. To make matters worse, LP lost 26,000 acres of harvestable old-growth timberland with the expansion of the Redwood National Park in Northern California.[1]
Merlo strove to shepherd the company through its early difficulties. LP acquired several lumber companies in California, Oregon, Montana, Washington, Missouri, and Alabama, and in 1976 it purchased the Fibreboard Corporation, a manufacturer of products used in making furniture and cabinets. In 1979, the company bought fifteen building-material centers in southern California from Lone Star Industries, which provided LP with much needed distribution centers.[1]
A breakthrough product[4][edit]
To ensure its long-term success, however, LP would need to compensate for its comparative dearth of southern pine and Douglas fir timber, as well as lumber production. To address this shortfall, LP turned its attention to the development of wood products derived from less-expensive and faster-growing trees, such as cottonwood and aspen. As Merlo told the Portland Oregonian in 1990, 'we recognized that the days of making wood products from big trees were numbered for both economic and environmental reasons.'[4]
In the late 1970s, the company began manufacturing OSB by slicing logs into wafers, mixing the wafers with resin, and then pressing them into sheets. First introduced under the trade name Waferwood[7] (later re-christened Inner-Seal), this new product line revolutionized the construction industry by offering a less expensive, stronger alternative to plywood sheathing and sub-flooring. After opening its first Inner-Seal mill in 1980, LP advertised the product as 'the smart man's plywood.'
Expansion during the 1980s[1][edit]
LP's OSB products protected the company from some of the vicissitudes of the timber market. Buoyed by this success, the company soon expanded its line of products made from reconstituted wood to include I-beams for floor joists and rafters. These structural beams used half as much lumber as their solid wood counterparts, yet were stronger and lighter. LP also introduced a concrete form of Inner-Seal, and in 1985 began to market Inner-Seal siding for the exterior of homes. Driven by these breakthroughs, a housing boom, and a thriving remodeling and repair business that increased demand for its specialty building products, LP's sales grew 50 percent between 1980 and 1988, according to the Portland Oregonian. During the same period, its profits increased 400 percent. Moreover, OSB products accounted for an escalating portion of the company's total sales. Only six percent of sales in 1980, the Inner-Seal line by 1990 amounted to almost 30 percent of total sales volume. LP's sales of lumber—once the mainstay of the building industry—decreased from 53 to 30 percent over the same period.
In 1986, the company purchased Kirby Forest Industries and the California properties of Timber Realization Company. From these transactions, LP gained almost 830,000 acres of timberland, which helped balance the land taken in 1978 for Redwood National Park. (LP received a final payment of $440 million from the government for this land in 1988.) In 1990, LP bought Weather Guard Inc., a manufacturer of housing insulation made from recycled newsprint, as well as MiTek Wood Products, a North Carolina-based producer of laminated veneer lumber and engineered wood I-beams.
The early 1990s[4][edit]
During 1990 sales and profits in the company's softwood lumber, plywood, and building products areas slumped due to weakening demand. This situation was attributed to an economic downturn, increasing concerns over the U.S. federal budget deficit, and fears about the unsettled global geopolitical environment. The construction industry suffered because of bankers' reluctance to finance new projects and consumers' decisions to delay home purchases. Housing starts for 1990 fell to 1.19 million, the lowest level since 1982 and down 13.3 percent from 1989.[8] LP responded to these developments by curtailing production at many of its plants and increasing exports of its specialty building products.
The pulp market also experienced slowing growth in 1990. After a four-year period of rapidly rising prices, pulp manufacturers then faced eroding profit margins due to worldwide economic problems and larger than normal inventories. Although LP saw its own pulp sales and profits peak in mid-1989 and expected only a minor recovery in 1991, the company continued to operate three pulp manufacturing mills. One mill supplied paper pulp to non-integrated paper producers. A second mill produced dissolving pulp for manufacturers of rayon and cellophane products. The third and newest pulp mill, using a bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pump process, revolutionized pulp production by eliminating the use of chlorine and operated in a completely closed system without discharge into neighboring water supplies. This mill marketed its output to manufacturers of printing and writing papers.
LP was able to rebound from the downturn of 1990. While its competitors struggled in the face of dwindling timber supplies, LP enjoyed record sales in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Much of LP's growth in the 1990s came through acquisition of other building materials companies, such as ABTco in the eastern United States and Forex in eastern Canada. According to the Spokane Journal of Business, 'LP [was] flourishing because it had vigorously developed alternatives to dimensional lumber and plywood.' Indeed, Merlo told the Wallstreet Journal that 'technology'--not old-growth timber resources--'had proven to be [the company's] lifeblood.' Profits for 1992 were up 216 percent from the previous year, and in 1994, the company achieved an all-time high of $3.04 billion in sales. By that year, only one-third of LP's sales came from dimensional lumber—the studs and solid wood joists that frame houses—while over half its revenue came from OSB products, and another 20 percent from engineered wood products and pulp.
Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future[edit]
Despite its many achievements, LP encountered a number of serious obstacles in the 1990s. Foremost among these were lawsuits pertaining to its simulated cedar Inner-Seal exterior siding. During the 1990s, LP was the defendant in a major class-action lawsuit over its OSB siding product known as Inner Seal, manufactured from the early 1990s through 1996. The company had initiated the class action lawsuit to speed up the process and, according to the judge presiding over the case, "got the most money to the most people in the quickest amount of time based on my experience."[9]
Many homeowners alleged that Inner-Seal siding, which carried a 25-year warranty, began to rot prematurely—discoloring, disintegrating, and even growing fungi. The first claims surrounded the use of OSB panels on the roofs of homes in Florida. Following Hurricane Andrew in 1992 some of these homes lost shingles, exposing the OSB panels to heavy rains. Reports claimed that the exposed OSB began to deteriorate. Two years after the first suit, LP had settled all related disputes. LP re-engineered the product, now marketed as LPSmartSide and since 1997 has sold approximately 3 billion square feet of SmartSide siding with no warranty claims for fungal decay.
Class-action suits brought by various collections of homeowners as well as the attorney general of Minnesota, were filed against the Inner-Seal siding. Although LP admitted to no wrongdoing, the company moved quickly to settle the cases. At the close of 1991, LP had paid over $22 million to settle OSB claims, and between 1993 and 1994, the company paid out an additional $14 million. In 1996, LP committed at least $275 million to a settlement with 800,000 homeowners who had used the Inner-Seal siding.[9]
In April 2003, LP implemented a Claimant Offer Program to speed payments to claimants. In what was the largest class-action lawsuit in the history of the siding industry, LP paid out more than 37,000 claims. By the end of the settlement, LP had paid almost $1 billion to satisfy claims.[10]
LP's woes did not end there, however. In 1996, LP paid $65 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed the previous year by LP shareholders who alleged that the company had 'violated securities laws by failing to disclose that the company's oriented-strand boards were defective,' as the Portland Oregonian reported on December 5, 1996. It was the largest securities settlement in Oregon history. Also that year, the company settled a 1993 sexual harassment suit against Merlo. Moreover, the state of Colorado brought a 56-count indictment against LP in 1995, charging fraud and environmental violations at its plant in Montrose, Colorado. The same year, LP's eight-person board 'lost confidence in the ability of Merlo and his top two lieutenants to steer the Fortune 500 company,' declared the August 4, 1995, edition of the Portland Oregonian. Merlo resigned and was replaced as chairman and CEO by Mark Suwyn, a former executive at International Paper.[1]
Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4][edit]
Under this new leadership, LP began the difficult task of regrouping. The year 1995 had been particularly difficult, one in which the company endured a net loss of $51.7 million. The market for building products had sunk as an influx of Canadian lumber had flooded the United States. High interest rates and poor weather (which affected home building) only exacerbated LP's problems. Even more dangerous to LP, however, was the inauguration of several rival OSB mills. As OSB increasingly replaced plywood as a basic construction material, Inner-Seal became less a specialty item exclusively made by LP and more of a building commodity.
Faced with these new threats, Suwyn implemented a multidimensional plan for recovery. First, the company strove to eliminate unprofitable operations. In 1996, LP closed the Ketchikan Paper Company, as well as 22 plants and mills. More closings followed in 1997 and 1998, and the company sold off a number of additional operations, including the Weather-Seal door and window division in 1998. All told, LP sold over $875 million of assets during the three-year period. 'The assets sales will do two things for us,' Suwyn told Business Wire. 'They will provide us with additional financial flexibility to grow the company and allow us to focus all our management attention on becoming the premier supplier of building materials.'
Suwyn also concentrated on developing LP's specialty products lines. As its past innovations had become industry standards (and were imitated by numerous competitors), it was essential for LP to launch new products that would give the company an edge over its rivals. To further this goal, LP engaged in a series of targeted acquisitions. In 1996, LP purchased Associated Chemists, a key supplier of specialty coatings to the wood products industry, as well as GreenStone Industries, a manufacturer of cellulose insulation, and Tecton Laminates Corp., a producer of laminated veneer lumber and wood I-joists used in the construction industry. Two years later, LP acquired ABT Building Products Corporation, a transaction it heralded as a way 'to expand its specialty products lines and complement its low-cost commodity building products,' according to the Wall Street Journal. In 1999, LP purchased Evans Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian manufacturer of engineered wood and lumber products.
LP did more than simply buy other companies, however. In 1997 LP unveiled its Advanced Technology Center, which provided the company with the facilities to conceive, test, and improve new offerings. LP soon introduced a bevy of new product systems, including Smart Start siding, TechShield energy efficient structural panels, TopNotch flooring, and Cocoon insulation.
A final prong of LP's rebuilding efforts involved improving operations. In 1996, the company instituted an intensive employee training course—Rapid Change Technologies—designed to enhance workers' communication skills and to empower them to accept new ideas with ease. To increase productivity, LP utilized Business Process Improvement technology to make its OSB mills more efficient. LP also sought to bolster the company's relationship with large and national home center chains, such as Home Depot and Lowe's. These 'superstores' represented the fastest-growing segment of the building industry.
The outcome of LP's vigorous reorganization was not immediately evident. Sales for 1996 were 13 percent lower than in 1995, and resulted in a net yearly loss of $200.7 million. Although the company again operated at a net loss of $101.8 million in 1997, executives remained optimistic. In 1998, LP returned once more to profitability, achieving $12.8 million of net profit from $2.29 billion in sales. Reinforced by a strong housing market, a booming economy, operational improvements, and greater numbers of specialty products, Louisiana-Pacific's future looked bright.
Company restructuring in the early 2000s[edit]
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has undergone many changes since 2000. From 2000 to 2010 the company made a total of 20 divestures.[11]
In May 2002 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation announced an asset sale and debt reduction program designed to enhance its long-term competitiveness and financial flexibility.[12]
Company wide, the downsizing included the sale of a total of 935,000 acres of timber lands nationally, along with manufacturing plants making plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).[13]
In December 2002, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) finalized the sale of 33,000 acres of timberland near Oakdale, Louisiana, to Barrs & Glawson Investments, LLC for approximately $30 million.[4] Throughout 2003 LP continued to sell Timberland in Louisiana, Texas, Idaho along with several mills related to the company's divestures.[14] The timberland portion of the company's divesture program exceeded the initial $700 million target by more than $50 million.[15]
In September 2003, LP announced the relocation of its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville was one of four cities considered for LP's headquarters. The other cities under consideration were Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon.[16] The relocation was complete in July 2004.[17]
In line with the company's restructuring, in May 2004, Louisiana-Pacific announced a strategic plan to convert LP's Hayward, Wisc., commodity oriented strand board (OSB) mill to make SmartSide siding products and replace this capacity with a new, state-of-the-art, low-cost OSB mill in Alabama. The conversion of the Hayward Mill was scheduled for 2005.[18] The project agreement for the Alabama mill was signed in June 2005, with production start-up slated for late 2007.[19] As of 2011, the mill still has not opened. But the company has said it still intends to reopen the 130-worker Clarke County mill, which can make more than 700 million square feet a year of OSB at full capacity.[20]
In 2004, the company began producing LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing, an ICC certified (ESR-1365), PS2-rated structural sheathing with a Class A Flame Spread Rating. According to the ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), it provides extended burn-through resistance, delivering a 15-minute thermal barrier (ASTM E119). It's durable on the job site, easy to work with, and is Exposure-1 rated to withstand weather during normal construction delays.
In 2005, LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products, including LP's two vinyl siding mills, located in Holly Springs, Miss., and Acton, Ontario, and a warehouse in Milton, Ontario.[21] In 2007, Fiber Composites, LLC, purchase the WeatherBest® composite decking and railing business from Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. The acquisition included LP's Meridian, Idaho, manufacturing facility and the WeatherBest® brand.[22]
In 2008, the company began producing LP SolidStart engineered wood products.
Key dates[1][edit]


Key dates


1972
Louisiana-Pacific is spun off from Georgia-Pacific.


1974
Harry Merlo is named Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman.


1978
Louisiana-Pacific acquires Fibreboard Corporation; U.S. government acquires a portion of Louisiana-Pacific's timberlands to form Redwood National Park in California.


1985
Louisiana-Pacific begins marketing its Oriented Strand Board (OSB) as an exterior siding.


1990
Lawsuits relating to defective OSB exterior siding begin.


1996
Mark Suwyn replaces Merlo as chairman and CEO.


1998
Louisiana-Pacific acquires ABT Building Products as part of its effort to focus on the building products market.


2002
Louisiana-Pacific announces major restructuring plan including the divesture of timberlands, plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).


2004
Louisiana-Pacific relocated its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee.


2005
LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products


2007
Fiber Composites, LLC, purchased LP Building Products’ WeatherBest® decking business


Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)[edit]
Louisiana Pacific operates several engineered wood siding mills that produce many siding products. The siding products produced at these mills differ in composition from the company's other offerings.
Additional[edit]
LP uses forest management and timber procurement systems that are SFI certified, which helps to ensure its wood comes from well-managed forests. The green attributes built into LP products are recognized in green building certification programs across North America.[23]
The company invests in communities by providing funding, products and volunteers to support public schools and nonprofit organizations. Contributions are focused in four areas: shelter, education, social services and the environment.[24]
LP Building Products subscribes to the Lean Six Sigma methodology, viewing lean manufacturing, which addresses process flow and waste issues, and Six Sigma, with its focus on variation and design, as complementary disciplines aimed at promoting business and operational excellence. During 2006 through 2009 LP ramped up its Lean Six Sigma program, training and hiring Black Belts from within, and engaging people in LSS teams across the company. More than 370 Black Belts and Green Belts have been traveling across the company. The Lean Six Sigma teams are delivering greater than a six-to-one return on investment in cost savings for LP.[25]

Domestic subsidiaries

GreenStone Industries, Inc.; Ketchikan Pulp Company; Louisiana-Pacific International, Inc. L-PSPV, Inc. ; LP Pinewood SPV, LLC; LPS Corporation; L-P SPV2, LLC

Foreign subsidiaries of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation

Louisiana-Pacific Canada Pulp Co. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Sales ULC ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Holding Ltd. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Ltd. Louisiana-Pacific (OSB) Ltd.; Louisiana-Pacific South America S.A.; Louisiana-Pacific Chile S.A; Louisiana-Pacific del Perú S.A.C.;LP-Brasil OSB Industria E Comercio S.A. Less Than 51% Owned Joint Ventures Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood Inc.; Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood II Inc.; Canfor-LP OSB (G.P.) Corp; Canfor-LP OSB Limited Partnership; US GreenFiber, LLC

Principal competitors

Georgia-Pacific Group; Boise-Cascade Corporation; Jamies Hardie; Weyerhaeuser Company; Tolko
On September 4, 2013, LP announced plans to acquire Vancouver, BC based Ainsworth Lumber in a stock and cash deal estimated at $1.1 billion.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Funding Universe. Funding Universe. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Engineered Wood Product". Housing Zone. Reed Business Information Building Group. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Building Products". Guide to APA Members. APA – The Engineered Wood Association. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Encyclopedia.com. HighBeam Research, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ LP.corp – 2004 relocation to Nashville – accessed 2009-06-07
^ Wyatt, Jim (June 25, 2015). "Titans' stadium LP Field to be renamed Nissan Stadium". The Tennessean. Retrieved June 25, 2015. 
^ Lewis, Rick (10 November 2009). "Get Re-Oriented: The Technology Behind Sustainable Building". Engineered Wood. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Housing Starts Fell Last Month". New York Times. 17 March 1990. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b Michael, Russo (8 April 2011). "Rising from the Ashes". Spectroscopy. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "LP Elects to Fund Remaining Claims Under the Inner-Seal Siding Class Action Suit". AllBusiness.com. 6 October 2003. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Mergers and Acquisitions". Alacra. Alacra, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "L-P SELLS 33,000 ACRES OF TIMBERLAND IN LOUISIANA". Building Online. 7 January 2003. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Kelly, Tom. "Louisiana Pacific will sell plants, timberland". The Piney Woods. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "News and Media". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Sells 463,000 Acres of Timberland for Approximately $290 Million". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Announces Headquarters Relocation". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Moves Corporate Headquarters to Nashville, Tenn.". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP SmartSide Plant Conversion Announced". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Signs Project Agreement to Build OSB Mill". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Amy, Jeff (11 February 2010). "Louisiana-Pacific narrows loss". Press Register. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "LP to Sell Vinyl Siding Business to KP Building Products Inc.". Building Online. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Fiber Composites Completes Purchase of WeatherBest® Decking From LP Building Products". Business Wire. Business Wire. Retrieved 10 October 2007. 
^ "L-P Products Engineered to be Environmentally Friendly". Handy Man Club of America. Handy Man Club of America. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "Social Responsibility". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Diversity and Development". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 



External links[edit]


Tennessee portal
Companies portal



Louisiana Pacific corporate website
Funding Universe.com – LP history to 1999





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louisiana-Pacific&oldid=784174486"					
Categories: Construction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeAmerican companies established in 19731973 establishments in OregonPortland TimbersSuperfund sites in CaliforniaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from June 2017All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Louisiana-Pacific - Wikipedia






















 






Louisiana-Pacific

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Louisiana-Pacific





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: LPX
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Construction


Founded
1973 in Portland, Oregon


Headquarters
Nashville, Tennessee, USA



Number of locations

24 (2012)



Key people

Curtis M. Stevens (CEO)


Products
Building materials


Revenue
 US$1.357 billion (2011)



Operating income

 US$(17 million) (2011)


Profit
 US$(181 million) (2011)


Total assets
 US$656.8 million (2011)


Total equity
 US$1,011.6 million (2011)



Number of employees

3,900


Website
www.lpcorp.com


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, commonly known as "LP", is a United States building materials manufacturer. It was founded in 1973 and is currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. LP pioneered the U.S. production of oriented strand board (OSB) panels.[1] Today, LP is the world's largest producer of OSB, and manufactures engineered wood building products.[2] LP products are sold to builders and homeowners through building materials distributors and dealers and retail home centers.
As of 2011, LP has 24 mills including 15 in the United States, six in Canada, two in Chile and one in Brazil.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forming a new company[1]
3 A breakthrough product[4]
4 Expansion during the 1980s[1]
5 The early 1990s[4]
6 Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future
7 Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4]
8 Company restructuring in the early 2000s
9 Key dates[1]
10 Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)
11 Additional
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
A leading manufacturer and marketer of building and lumber products, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) revolutionized the industry by inventing alternatives to plywood and solid wood building products.[1] Instead of relying on larger, more expensive old-growth timber, LP found ways to make structural building products from small-diameter, fast-growing trees. LP pioneered the use of oriented strand board (OSB) — a reconstituted plywood substitute made by pressing wood wafers together.[4] OSB is the basis for many of LP's structural building products. LP also manufacturers industrial wood products, such as hardboard and medium density fiberboard, which are used by furniture and cabinet makers. Furthermore, along with wood products such as LPI joists and laminated veneer lumber, the company also produces Cocoon cellulose insulation. Plywood and pulp manufacturing round out LP's operations. The company controls over 950,000 acres of timberland, and owns plants in 29 states, as well as in Canada and Ireland.[1]
LP was incorporated on January 5, 1973 as part of a court-ordered monopoly breakup of Georgia-Pacific.[4] LP was headed by company president Harry A. Merlo for the first 22 years, who was known for his flamboyant style and generous civic contributions. For its first 33 years, Louisiana-Pacific was based in Portland, Oregon; the LP headquarters were moved to Nashville in 2004.[5]
Over the years, LP has been associated with professional sports in different manners. From 1979–82, the company owned the Portland Timbers soccer club in the defunct North American Soccer League (NASL). From 2006–15, it owned the naming rights to LP Field, the stadium which houses the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee State University football teams in Nashville.[6]
Forming a new company[1][edit]
Louisiana-Pacific was formed in July 1972 when the Georgia-Pacific Corporation spun off the wholly owned subsidiary. After Georgia-Pacific had acquired 16 small firms in the southern United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) accused the company of becoming a monopolist in the softwood plywood industry. As part of its settlement with the FTC, Georgia-Pacific agreed to divest 20 percent of its assets. William H. Hunt, a vice-chairman at Georgia-Pacific, was selected as Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman. In 1974 Harry A. Merlo, who had been chief executive officer of LP since its foundation, succeeded Hunt as chairman while remaining CEO.[1]
Prior to the official spinoff of LP, Georgia-Pacific had transferred several of its operations to LP ownership, including its Samoa, Ukiah, Intermountain, Weather-Seal, and Southern divisions, as well as its 50 percent investments in Alaska's Ketchikan Pulp Company; Ketchikan Spruce Mills, Inc.; and Ketchikan International Sales Company. However, Georgia-Pacific had kept most of its low-cost timber reserves and the bulk of its tree farms for itself. Thus the newly independent LP had to 'scramble for raw materials,' particularly timber, as the July 29, 1990 Portland Oregonian explained.[1]
This proved to be an especially difficult task as timber shortages wracked the entire industry. Overcutting, Japanese demand for logs, and pressure on the U.S. Forest Service to tighten harvesting restrictions on large trees caused prices to soar. To make matters worse, LP lost 26,000 acres of harvestable old-growth timberland with the expansion of the Redwood National Park in Northern California.[1]
Merlo strove to shepherd the company through its early difficulties. LP acquired several lumber companies in California, Oregon, Montana, Washington, Missouri, and Alabama, and in 1976 it purchased the Fibreboard Corporation, a manufacturer of products used in making furniture and cabinets. In 1979, the company bought fifteen building-material centers in southern California from Lone Star Industries, which provided LP with much needed distribution centers.[1]
A breakthrough product[4][edit]
To ensure its long-term success, however, LP would need to compensate for its comparative dearth of southern pine and Douglas fir timber, as well as lumber production. To address this shortfall, LP turned its attention to the development of wood products derived from less-expensive and faster-growing trees, such as cottonwood and aspen. As Merlo told the Portland Oregonian in 1990, 'we recognized that the days of making wood products from big trees were numbered for both economic and environmental reasons.'[4]
In the late 1970s, the company began manufacturing OSB by slicing logs into wafers, mixing the wafers with resin, and then pressing them into sheets. First introduced under the trade name Waferwood[7] (later re-christened Inner-Seal), this new product line revolutionized the construction industry by offering a less expensive, stronger alternative to plywood sheathing and sub-flooring. After opening its first Inner-Seal mill in 1980, LP advertised the product as 'the smart man's plywood.'
Expansion during the 1980s[1][edit]
LP's OSB products protected the company from some of the vicissitudes of the timber market. Buoyed by this success, the company soon expanded its line of products made from reconstituted wood to include I-beams for floor joists and rafters. These structural beams used half as much lumber as their solid wood counterparts, yet were stronger and lighter. LP also introduced a concrete form of Inner-Seal, and in 1985 began to market Inner-Seal siding for the exterior of homes. Driven by these breakthroughs, a housing boom, and a thriving remodeling and repair business that increased demand for its specialty building products, LP's sales grew 50 percent between 1980 and 1988, according to the Portland Oregonian. During the same period, its profits increased 400 percent. Moreover, OSB products accounted for an escalating portion of the company's total sales. Only six percent of sales in 1980, the Inner-Seal line by 1990 amounted to almost 30 percent of total sales volume. LP's sales of lumber—once the mainstay of the building industry—decreased from 53 to 30 percent over the same period.
In 1986, the company purchased Kirby Forest Industries and the California properties of Timber Realization Company. From these transactions, LP gained almost 830,000 acres of timberland, which helped balance the land taken in 1978 for Redwood National Park. (LP received a final payment of $440 million from the government for this land in 1988.) In 1990, LP bought Weather Guard Inc., a manufacturer of housing insulation made from recycled newsprint, as well as MiTek Wood Products, a North Carolina-based producer of laminated veneer lumber and engineered wood I-beams.
The early 1990s[4][edit]
During 1990 sales and profits in the company's softwood lumber, plywood, and building products areas slumped due to weakening demand. This situation was attributed to an economic downturn, increasing concerns over the U.S. federal budget deficit, and fears about the unsettled global geopolitical environment. The construction industry suffered because of bankers' reluctance to finance new projects and consumers' decisions to delay home purchases. Housing starts for 1990 fell to 1.19 million, the lowest level since 1982 and down 13.3 percent from 1989.[8] LP responded to these developments by curtailing production at many of its plants and increasing exports of its specialty building products.
The pulp market also experienced slowing growth in 1990. After a four-year period of rapidly rising prices, pulp manufacturers then faced eroding profit margins due to worldwide economic problems and larger than normal inventories. Although LP saw its own pulp sales and profits peak in mid-1989 and expected only a minor recovery in 1991, the company continued to operate three pulp manufacturing mills. One mill supplied paper pulp to non-integrated paper producers. A second mill produced dissolving pulp for manufacturers of rayon and cellophane products. The third and newest pulp mill, using a bleached chemi-thermo mechanical pump process, revolutionized pulp production by eliminating the use of chlorine and operated in a completely closed system without discharge into neighboring water supplies. This mill marketed its output to manufacturers of printing and writing papers.
LP was able to rebound from the downturn of 1990. While its competitors struggled in the face of dwindling timber supplies, LP enjoyed record sales in 1992, 1993, and 1994. Much of LP's growth in the 1990s came through acquisition of other building materials companies, such as ABTco in the eastern United States and Forex in eastern Canada. According to the Spokane Journal of Business, 'LP [was] flourishing because it had vigorously developed alternatives to dimensional lumber and plywood.' Indeed, Merlo told the Wallstreet Journal that 'technology'--not old-growth timber resources--'had proven to be [the company's] lifeblood.' Profits for 1992 were up 216 percent from the previous year, and in 1994, the company achieved an all-time high of $3.04 billion in sales. By that year, only one-third of LP's sales came from dimensional lumber—the studs and solid wood joists that frame houses—while over half its revenue came from OSB products, and another 20 percent from engineered wood products and pulp.
Lawsuits threaten Louisiana-Pacific's future[edit]
Despite its many achievements, LP encountered a number of serious obstacles in the 1990s. Foremost among these were lawsuits pertaining to its simulated cedar Inner-Seal exterior siding. During the 1990s, LP was the defendant in a major class-action lawsuit over its OSB siding product known as Inner Seal, manufactured from the early 1990s through 1996. The company had initiated the class action lawsuit to speed up the process and, according to the judge presiding over the case, "got the most money to the most people in the quickest amount of time based on my experience."[9]
Many homeowners alleged that Inner-Seal siding, which carried a 25-year warranty, began to rot prematurely—discoloring, disintegrating, and even growing fungi. The first claims surrounded the use of OSB panels on the roofs of homes in Florida. Following Hurricane Andrew in 1992 some of these homes lost shingles, exposing the OSB panels to heavy rains. Reports claimed that the exposed OSB began to deteriorate. Two years after the first suit, LP had settled all related disputes. LP re-engineered the product, now marketed as LPSmartSide and since 1997 has sold approximately 3 billion square feet of SmartSide siding with no warranty claims for fungal decay.
Class-action suits brought by various collections of homeowners as well as the attorney general of Minnesota, were filed against the Inner-Seal siding. Although LP admitted to no wrongdoing, the company moved quickly to settle the cases. At the close of 1991, LP had paid over $22 million to settle OSB claims, and between 1993 and 1994, the company paid out an additional $14 million. In 1996, LP committed at least $275 million to a settlement with 800,000 homeowners who had used the Inner-Seal siding.[9]
In April 2003, LP implemented a Claimant Offer Program to speed payments to claimants. In what was the largest class-action lawsuit in the history of the siding industry, LP paid out more than 37,000 claims. By the end of the settlement, LP had paid almost $1 billion to satisfy claims.[10]
LP's woes did not end there, however. In 1996, LP paid $65 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed the previous year by LP shareholders who alleged that the company had 'violated securities laws by failing to disclose that the company's oriented-strand boards were defective,' as the Portland Oregonian reported on December 5, 1996. It was the largest securities settlement in Oregon history. Also that year, the company settled a 1993 sexual harassment suit against Merlo. Moreover, the state of Colorado brought a 56-count indictment against LP in 1995, charging fraud and environmental violations at its plant in Montrose, Colorado. The same year, LP's eight-person board 'lost confidence in the ability of Merlo and his top two lieutenants to steer the Fortune 500 company,' declared the August 4, 1995, edition of the Portland Oregonian. Merlo resigned and was replaced as chairman and CEO by Mark Suwyn, a former executive at International Paper.[1]
Rebuilding in the late 1990s[4][edit]
Under this new leadership, LP began the difficult task of regrouping. The year 1995 had been particularly difficult, one in which the company endured a net loss of $51.7 million. The market for building products had sunk as an influx of Canadian lumber had flooded the United States. High interest rates and poor weather (which affected home building) only exacerbated LP's problems. Even more dangerous to LP, however, was the inauguration of several rival OSB mills. As OSB increasingly replaced plywood as a basic construction material, Inner-Seal became less a specialty item exclusively made by LP and more of a building commodity.
Faced with these new threats, Suwyn implemented a multidimensional plan for recovery. First, the company strove to eliminate unprofitable operations. In 1996, LP closed the Ketchikan Paper Company, as well as 22 plants and mills. More closings followed in 1997 and 1998, and the company sold off a number of additional operations, including the Weather-Seal door and window division in 1998. All told, LP sold over $875 million of assets during the three-year period. 'The assets sales will do two things for us,' Suwyn told Business Wire. 'They will provide us with additional financial flexibility to grow the company and allow us to focus all our management attention on becoming the premier supplier of building materials.'
Suwyn also concentrated on developing LP's specialty products lines. As its past innovations had become industry standards (and were imitated by numerous competitors), it was essential for LP to launch new products that would give the company an edge over its rivals. To further this goal, LP engaged in a series of targeted acquisitions. In 1996, LP purchased Associated Chemists, a key supplier of specialty coatings to the wood products industry, as well as GreenStone Industries, a manufacturer of cellulose insulation, and Tecton Laminates Corp., a producer of laminated veneer lumber and wood I-joists used in the construction industry. Two years later, LP acquired ABT Building Products Corporation, a transaction it heralded as a way 'to expand its specialty products lines and complement its low-cost commodity building products,' according to the Wall Street Journal. In 1999, LP purchased Evans Forest Products Ltd., a Canadian manufacturer of engineered wood and lumber products.
LP did more than simply buy other companies, however. In 1997 LP unveiled its Advanced Technology Center, which provided the company with the facilities to conceive, test, and improve new offerings. LP soon introduced a bevy of new product systems, including Smart Start siding, TechShield energy efficient structural panels, TopNotch flooring, and Cocoon insulation.
A final prong of LP's rebuilding efforts involved improving operations. In 1996, the company instituted an intensive employee training course—Rapid Change Technologies—designed to enhance workers' communication skills and to empower them to accept new ideas with ease. To increase productivity, LP utilized Business Process Improvement technology to make its OSB mills more efficient. LP also sought to bolster the company's relationship with large and national home center chains, such as Home Depot and Lowe's. These 'superstores' represented the fastest-growing segment of the building industry.
The outcome of LP's vigorous reorganization was not immediately evident. Sales for 1996 were 13 percent lower than in 1995, and resulted in a net yearly loss of $200.7 million. Although the company again operated at a net loss of $101.8 million in 1997, executives remained optimistic. In 1998, LP returned once more to profitability, achieving $12.8 million of net profit from $2.29 billion in sales. Reinforced by a strong housing market, a booming economy, operational improvements, and greater numbers of specialty products, Louisiana-Pacific's future looked bright.
Company restructuring in the early 2000s[edit]
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has undergone many changes since 2000. From 2000 to 2010 the company made a total of 20 divestures.[11]
In May 2002 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation announced an asset sale and debt reduction program designed to enhance its long-term competitiveness and financial flexibility.[12]
Company wide, the downsizing included the sale of a total of 935,000 acres of timber lands nationally, along with manufacturing plants making plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).[13]
In December 2002, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP) finalized the sale of 33,000 acres of timberland near Oakdale, Louisiana, to Barrs & Glawson Investments, LLC for approximately $30 million.[4] Throughout 2003 LP continued to sell Timberland in Louisiana, Texas, Idaho along with several mills related to the company's divestures.[14] The timberland portion of the company's divesture program exceeded the initial $700 million target by more than $50 million.[15]
In September 2003, LP announced the relocation of its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville was one of four cities considered for LP's headquarters. The other cities under consideration were Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon.[16] The relocation was complete in July 2004.[17]
In line with the company's restructuring, in May 2004, Louisiana-Pacific announced a strategic plan to convert LP's Hayward, Wisc., commodity oriented strand board (OSB) mill to make SmartSide siding products and replace this capacity with a new, state-of-the-art, low-cost OSB mill in Alabama. The conversion of the Hayward Mill was scheduled for 2005.[18] The project agreement for the Alabama mill was signed in June 2005, with production start-up slated for late 2007.[19] As of 2011, the mill still has not opened. But the company has said it still intends to reopen the 130-worker Clarke County mill, which can make more than 700 million square feet a year of OSB at full capacity.[20]
In 2004, the company began producing LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing, an ICC certified (ESR-1365), PS2-rated structural sheathing with a Class A Flame Spread Rating. According to the ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), it provides extended burn-through resistance, delivering a 15-minute thermal barrier (ASTM E119). It's durable on the job site, easy to work with, and is Exposure-1 rated to withstand weather during normal construction delays.
In 2005, LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products, including LP's two vinyl siding mills, located in Holly Springs, Miss., and Acton, Ontario, and a warehouse in Milton, Ontario.[21] In 2007, Fiber Composites, LLC, purchase the WeatherBest® composite decking and railing business from Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. The acquisition included LP's Meridian, Idaho, manufacturing facility and the WeatherBest® brand.[22]
In 2008, the company began producing LP SolidStart engineered wood products.
Key dates[1][edit]


Key dates


1972
Louisiana-Pacific is spun off from Georgia-Pacific.


1974
Harry Merlo is named Louisiana-Pacific's first chairman.


1978
Louisiana-Pacific acquires Fibreboard Corporation; U.S. government acquires a portion of Louisiana-Pacific's timberlands to form Redwood National Park in California.


1985
Louisiana-Pacific begins marketing its Oriented Strand Board (OSB) as an exterior siding.


1990
Lawsuits relating to defective OSB exterior siding begin.


1996
Mark Suwyn replaces Merlo as chairman and CEO.


1998
Louisiana-Pacific acquires ABT Building Products as part of its effort to focus on the building products market.


2002
Louisiana-Pacific announces major restructuring plan including the divesture of timberlands, plywood, pulp, industrial panels, and lumber. Following the initial divestitures, the company focused on core businesses, including OSB, siding; engineered wood products, and plastic building products (vinyl siding, composite decking and mouldings).


2004
Louisiana-Pacific relocated its headquarters from Portland, Oregon, to Nashville, Tennessee.


2005
LP announced its intent to sell its vinyl siding business to KP Building Products


2007
Fiber Composites, LLC, purchased LP Building Products’ WeatherBest® decking business


Engineered Wood Siding (SmartSide)[edit]
Louisiana Pacific operates several engineered wood siding mills that produce many siding products. The siding products produced at these mills differ in composition from the company's other offerings.
Additional[edit]
LP uses forest management and timber procurement systems that are SFI certified, which helps to ensure its wood comes from well-managed forests. The green attributes built into LP products are recognized in green building certification programs across North America.[23]
The company invests in communities by providing funding, products and volunteers to support public schools and nonprofit organizations. Contributions are focused in four areas: shelter, education, social services and the environment.[24]
LP Building Products subscribes to the Lean Six Sigma methodology, viewing lean manufacturing, which addresses process flow and waste issues, and Six Sigma, with its focus on variation and design, as complementary disciplines aimed at promoting business and operational excellence. During 2006 through 2009 LP ramped up its Lean Six Sigma program, training and hiring Black Belts from within, and engaging people in LSS teams across the company. More than 370 Black Belts and Green Belts have been traveling across the company. The Lean Six Sigma teams are delivering greater than a six-to-one return on investment in cost savings for LP.[25]

Domestic subsidiaries

GreenStone Industries, Inc.; Ketchikan Pulp Company; Louisiana-Pacific International, Inc. L-PSPV, Inc. ; LP Pinewood SPV, LLC; LPS Corporation; L-P SPV2, LLC

Foreign subsidiaries of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation

Louisiana-Pacific Canada Pulp Co. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Sales ULC ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Holding Ltd. ; Louisiana-Pacific Canada Ltd. Louisiana-Pacific (OSB) Ltd.; Louisiana-Pacific South America S.A.; Louisiana-Pacific Chile S.A; Louisiana-Pacific del Perú S.A.C.;LP-Brasil OSB Industria E Comercio S.A. Less Than 51% Owned Joint Ventures Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood Inc.; Abitibi-LP Engineered Wood II Inc.; Canfor-LP OSB (G.P.) Corp; Canfor-LP OSB Limited Partnership; US GreenFiber, LLC

Principal competitors

Georgia-Pacific Group; Boise-Cascade Corporation; Jamies Hardie; Weyerhaeuser Company; Tolko
On September 4, 2013, LP announced plans to acquire Vancouver, BC based Ainsworth Lumber in a stock and cash deal estimated at $1.1 billion.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Funding Universe. Funding Universe. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Engineered Wood Product". Housing Zone. Reed Business Information Building Group. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Building Products". Guide to APA Members. APA – The Engineered Wood Association. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation". Encyclopedia.com. HighBeam Research, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ LP.corp – 2004 relocation to Nashville – accessed 2009-06-07
^ Wyatt, Jim (June 25, 2015). "Titans' stadium LP Field to be renamed Nissan Stadium". The Tennessean. Retrieved June 25, 2015. 
^ Lewis, Rick (10 November 2009). "Get Re-Oriented: The Technology Behind Sustainable Building". Engineered Wood. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Housing Starts Fell Last Month". New York Times. 17 March 1990. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ a b Michael, Russo (8 April 2011). "Rising from the Ashes". Spectroscopy. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "LP Elects to Fund Remaining Claims Under the Inner-Seal Siding Class Action Suit". AllBusiness.com. 6 October 2003. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 
^ "Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Mergers and Acquisitions". Alacra. Alacra, Inc. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "L-P SELLS 33,000 ACRES OF TIMBERLAND IN LOUISIANA". Building Online. 7 January 2003. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Kelly, Tom. "Louisiana Pacific will sell plants, timberland". The Piney Woods. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "News and Media". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Sells 463,000 Acres of Timberland for Approximately $290 Million". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Announces Headquarters Relocation". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Moves Corporate Headquarters to Nashville, Tenn.". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP SmartSide Plant Conversion Announced". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "LP Signs Project Agreement to Build OSB Mill". LP Building Products. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ Amy, Jeff (11 February 2010). "Louisiana-Pacific narrows loss". Press Register. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "LP to Sell Vinyl Siding Business to KP Building Products Inc.". Building Online. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Fiber Composites Completes Purchase of WeatherBest® Decking From LP Building Products". Business Wire. Business Wire. Retrieved 10 October 2007. 
^ "L-P Products Engineered to be Environmentally Friendly". Handy Man Club of America. Handy Man Club of America. Retrieved 29 November 2011. 
^ "Social Responsibility". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 20 September 2011. 
^ "Diversity and Development". LP Sustainability. Louisiana Pacific. Retrieved 28 November 2011. 



External links[edit]


Tennessee portal
Companies portal



Louisiana Pacific corporate website
Funding Universe.com – LP history to 1999





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Louisiana-Pacific&oldid=784174486"					
Categories: Construction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeAmerican companies established in 19731973 establishments in OregonPortland TimbersSuperfund sites in CaliforniaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from June 2017All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 June 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










2191 Western Heights Lp NW, Salem, OR 97304 (MLS # 721222) | Real Estate in Salem
































 




   


Real Estate in SalemKatherine Mercermercer@windermere.com503-470-6910503-470-6910Home
Search for Homes
Communities

Salem


Calculators

Home Evaluation


About Me

Reviews


Contact






Home 
Search for Homes 
Communities

Salem


Calculators

Home Evaluation


About Me

Reviews


Contact 
 



Real Estate in Salem

Buy and Sell with Katherine Mercer

Login




 
Katherine Mercer
Windermere/Pacific West Properties,
503-470-6910503-470-6910



rss 















2191 Western Heights Lp NW, Salem, OR 97304 (MLS # 721222)







Profile
Searches
Listings
Login



Save to Favorites
Print
Share




Share via








Twitter






Facebook






Email





Email a Friend







Your Email










Friend's Email











Note































View Virtual Tour





PRICE

$289,900 


BEDS

3



BATHS

2 full




HOME SIZE 

1,679
sq ft



LOT SIZE

6,740 sqft





Request More Info


Schedule a Showing
















DAYS ON MARKET


7


LAST UPDATED


7/20/2017




TRACT


Deer Ridge Estates Phase


YEAR BUILT


1996




COMMUNITY


60 NORTHWEST SALEM


GARAGE SPACES


2.0




COUNTY


Polk


TOTAL PARKING


2




STATUS


Active


PROPERTY TYPE(S)


Residential





SCHOOLS



Elementary School
Myers


Middle School
Walker


High School
West Salem






ADDITIONAL DETAILS




55+ HOUSING
No


ADDITIONAL ROOM LEVEL
Lower/Basement


BASEMENT
Unfinished


BEDROOM 2 LEVEL
1/Main


BEDROOM 3 LEVEL
1/Main


BONUS ROOMS
Workshop


CLASS
Residential


DINING
Area (Combination)


DINING ROOM LEVEL
1/Main


DISHWASHER
Yes


DISPOSAL
Yes


DUAL LIVING
No


FENCED YARD
Yes


FIREPLACE
Gas, Living Room


FLOOD PLAIN
No


FLOORING
Carpet, Tile, Vinyl


FOUNDATION
Continuous


GREEN HOME
No


HEATING-COOLING
Central AC, Forced Air, Gas


HIGH SPEED COMM ACCESS
Present


HOME STYLE
1 Story


HOMEOWNERS ASSN
Association With No Fee


KITCHEN LEVEL
1/Main


LANDSCAPE
Yes


LIVING ROOM LEVEL
1/Main


LOT TYPE
Irregular


MASTER BEDROOM LEVEL
1/Main


NEW CONSTRUCTION
No


PATIO
Covered Deck, Covered Patio


RANGE FACILITY
Built-in, Electric


ROOF
Composition


SECURITY SYSTEM
No


SIDING
Other (Refer to Remarks)


SIDING STYLE
Lap


STREET DESIGNATION
Lp


TYPE
Residence


UNDERGROUND SPRINKLERS
Yes


UTILITY ROOM LEVEL
1/Main


VIEW
Mountain


WATER
City


WATER HEATER
Gas





ZESTIMATE




$292,898 

2191 Western Heights Lp NW, Salem, OR	





RENT ZESTIMATE




$1800 / mo. 

2191 Western Heights Lp NW, Salem, OR	





WALK SCORE ®


21 
 Car-Dependent








SATELLITE VIEW




















 

CONTACT US ABOUT 2191 WESTERN HEIGHTS LP NW














First Name





Last Name





Phone Number





Email Address





Comments



Schedule a Showing?




January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

 / 

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31






 





We respect your online privacy and will never spam you. By submitting this form with your telephone number
you are consenting for Katherine
Mercer to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State
"Do not call List".



Listing provided by BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY HOMESERVICES R E PROF


Listing information is deemed reliable, but not guaranteed.



Copyright 2017 Willamette Valley Multiple Listing Service






Save favorite listings, searches, and get the latest alerts


Email

Password


Keep me signed in on this computer







Forgot your password?




Not Registered Yet?
Sign Me Up!






Fill in your email, and we'll send you a message with instructions on how to reset your password. Please make sure to use the same email address you provided during registration.
Email:









close
Back to Login







New Password:

Confirm Password:









close



Save favorite listings, searches, and get the latest alerts







First Name:

Last Name:

Email:

Please confirm if you want to receive e-mail updates from
 and other Diverse Solutions products:


I confirm, I would like to receive e-mail updates

I do not want to receive e-mail updates
Phone Number:

Password:

Confirm Password:


Keep me signed in on this computer








Already have an account
Login









Contact Me 







Name



Email



Phone




What can I help you with?	





Latest Real Estate 
$399,000 - 172 Cedar Bluff Cl



$259,900 - 859 New Terrace Ct NE



$215,000 - 4355 Mackinaw Av SE



$375,000 - 112 Four Oaks Dr



$349,900 - 580 Strawberry Loop



$200,000 - 947 Genie St SE



$141,000 - 678 E Grant St



$195,000 - 1250 Wildfang Dr NE



$254,900 - 2135 Cottage St SE



$210,000 - 4285 Gary St NE



$359,000 - 2839 NE Kimberly Dr



$229,900 - 614 10th Ave



$224,900 - 404 Chester St



$795,000 - 8613 Warner Dr SE



$319,000 - 23957 Maxfield Creek Rd



$475,000 - 3363 NW Crest Dr



$355,000 - 2890 Fir Ct



$325,000 - 1237 NW 18 St



$325,000 - 375 McLaughlin Dr



$299,900 - 4590 Harlan Dr NE



$171,900 - 1454 Madelyn Av SE



$234,900 - 2222 W Hayes St



$319,900 - 686 Mule Deer St NW



$189,000 - 1825 Michigan City Ln NW



$249,000 - 4825 Jones Rd SE


  




 Katherine Mercermercer@windermere.com503 302 0154503 302 0154 office503 302 0154503 302 0154 mobileWindermere/Pacific West Properties, 

Reviews5brockandheatherKatherine helped us through our first home buying experience. She was patient as we looked at at least 50 houses and waited us to find what we wanted. She always had hope that we would find what we were looking for.. and thank goodness she did. We could not... (more)Katherine helped us through our first home buying experience. She was patient as we looked at at least 50 houses and waited us to find what we wanted. She always had hope that we would find what we were looking for.. and thank goodness she did. We could not be happier with our home or the home purchasing experience. After all of our Saturday afternoons together, many phone calls, and emails, we feel like she is a part of our family. (less)5HfastVery personal and eager to help, always answers her calls, that's a plus in my book.Very personal and eager to help, always answers her calls, that's a plus in my book.5bkbrayKatherine represented me very effectively in buying a home this past summer. She was patient in our search and helped us narrow our search so as not to waste time. She was professional and personable and had good suggestions when delays arose. She was very... (more)Katherine represented me very effectively in buying a home this past summer. She was patient in our search and helped us narrow our search so as not to waste time. She was professional and personable and had good suggestions when delays arose. She was very responsibe and her follow through throughout the process is excellent. I would use her again if I were to sell this home or buy another in the Salem area. (less)Review Katherine Mercer on Zillow.com 

Contact Me 







Name



Email



Phone




What can I help you with?	





 

 
© 2017 Katherine Mercer & Zillow, All rights reserved.
 





























 




LP Outdoor Building Solutions | LP Building Products



























































Home
Careers
Where to Buy
Investor Relations
Contact Us









Menu






MAIN MENU

Products


View All Products


Framing


View All Framing Products

LP SolidStart LSL
LP SolidStart LVL
LP SolidStart I-Joists
LP SolidStart Rim Board
LP SolidGuard LSL



Panels


View All Panels Products

LP TechShield Radiant Barrier Sheathing
LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
LP LongLength and LongLength XL OSB Sheathing
LP OSB Sheathing
LP TopNotch Sub-Flooring
LP Legacy Sub-Flooring



Siding


View All Siding Products

LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP CanExel Prefinished Siding
LP ArmorStrand Substrate



Other Applications


View All Other Applications Products

LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP SuperStruct Furniture Panels
LP PurposeBuilt Overlays



Design Software


View All Design Software Products

LP Solutions Software
LP SolidStart Design Software
LP SolidStart Wood-E Design Software





Resources

Resources Page
Product Literature
Case Studies
LP University
CAD Details
Trade Shows
Industry Sites
Customer Center
Architect's Corner



Community

Community Page
EW Industry Blog
EW Magazine

Newsroom

Newsroom Page
Press Releases
Media Kit
Infographics



Share Your Story
Community Engagement



Sustainability

Sustainability Page
Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Sustainable Forestry
Economic Responsibility
Sustainability News



About LP

About LP Page
Values & Vision
LP Innovation
Executive Bios
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Locations
Contact Us


Where To Buy
Contact Us

















LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP creates engineered wood products specifically made for outdoor building structures. LP Outdoor Building Solutions offers products that feature hardworking innovations to help keep outdoor buildings cooler in the summer heat, resist fungal decay and termites, and stand up to harsh weather. 
Learn More at LPShed.com




Interested in purchasing LP Outdoor Building Solutions?
 Find out where to buy






Quality You Can See

LP shed products feature innovations like the SmartGuard® process to resist fungal decay and termites, SilverTech® radiant barrier products that keep your shed cooler, and SmartFinish® for a uniform, professional-grade appearance inside. They also come backed with some of the best warranties in the industry. Beautiful and exceptionally durable, LP shed products make your storage building or other structure a cut above the rest.
Visit LPShed.com For More Information





LP Products


Framing


Panels


Siding


Other Applications

LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP SuperStruct Furniture Panels
LP PurposeBuilt Overlays



Design Software




Latest Product News

Texas Builder and Code Official Discover Code Compliancy and Ease of Installation With LP® FlameBlock® Assembly for Area Separation Walls
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (June 21, 2017)–LP Building Products, the leader in high-performance building solutions recently added a n...


LP Now Warrants Its Engineered Wood Siding For Hail Damage
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (May 11, 2017) - Builders and remodelers use LP® SmartSide® treated engineered wood sidi...

Read More News

















Siding Inspections In NW Washington – Pacific Crest Inspections




























































Toll Free 1-866-618-7764 or  1-360-588-9956|buni@paccrestinspections.com 












 












			Siding Inspections In NW Washington		


pci_admin 


			2017-05-28T17:57:49+00:00		



Siding Inspections for LP or Hardboard Siding in NW Washington







Hardboard or Composite wood sidings are made from various combinations of wood veneers, fibers or flakes, bound together with glues, resins, and/or waxes. They come with different names, LP siding, T-11,  Plywood, oriented strand board (OSB), and hardboard are basic engineered wood siding materials. Several different types and brands of engineered wood siding have experienced moisture-related failures due to product or installation defects, or improper maintenance. For the purpose of this article we will refer to these products as composite siding. Generally speaking homeowners with siding installed after 1996 will have fewer problems than those installed prior to that. There have been many class action suits against the manufacturers of earlier product. For many homeowners, the time has passed to receive any compensation from the class action suits however most of the composite products did have a warranty and manufacturers such as Louisiana Pacific are paying warranty claims. While Louisiana Pacific (LP) was the most publicized there were many other companies who also made this type of siding.
Siding, manufactured from oriented strand board and other wood composites, have the advantage of being manufactured from relatively low cost wood and young trees, thus saving money and attempting at a more benign impact on the environment. Such siding products became more attractive as traditional wood siding decreased in quality and/or increases in cost. Unfortunately, most of the experience with such siding products have been poor. Most of these products have experienced moisture related problems. Many homes in the NW Washington have been sided with composite or OSB siding. These products have  been problematic  in the NW Washington due to lack of maintenance, the weather and moisture conditions.




Locally Used Manufacturers



LOUISIANA PACIFICOMNI-BOARDMASONITEGEORGIA PACIFICWeyerhaeuserLOUISIANA PACIFIC
At the forefront of Siding Problems in the NW Washington is a product called “Louisiana Pacific” or “LP” (Inner Seal) Siding. There was a class action suit filed against the Louisiana Pacific siding, covering individuals who installed the product prior to January 1, 1996. The class action suit does not cover LP Inner Seal Siding installed after January 1, 1996.
Louisiana Pacific sold two basic types of LP (Inner Seal) siding, “Lap” or horizontal siding and LP (Inner Seal) Panel Siding. Many people refer to the Panel Siding as T1-11. This is not a correct reference as T1-11 siding is a true plywood siding and it is made quite differently from the LP (Inner Seal) Siding and has held up better than the older LP Siding.
If you need more information on the warranty claims your can call their claim line at 1-800-450-6106 When you put in a warranty claim it will take about 90 days for them to send out an inspector. You can realistically expect that it will take from one year to two years from the date of inspection to the date that you will actually receive your claim check. The amount of time it will take from date of inspection to date of check could change but we expect it to get worse and not better over the next few months.
OMNI-BOARDOmni Board is another product that people in the NW Washington are having problems with. The Omni-Board product is very similar to the Louisiana Pacific product in that it is a type of “chip board” or composite product.
Omni-Board, like Louisiana Pacific, sold both “Lap” and “Panel” Siding. However, unlike the Louisiana Pacific panels, we do not always suggest that you side over these panels. The Omni-Board panels tend to bow more than the Louisiana Pacific Panels. As a result of the bowing, material set on top of the Omni-Board Panels do not always sit flat and can give the home the appearance of being “out of square”. Caution is the better part of valor when siding over the Omni-Board panels.
You may call the Omni-Board claim line at 1-800-323-4591. It should only take you from 3 months to 6 months for Omni-board to settle your claim. Dealing with Omni-Board is much easier than Louisiana Pacific at this time. It is important to note that there is not a class action suit on the Omni-Board product. The company is handling the claims under their warranty program.MASONITEMasonite Hard Board – (Masonite) – did have a class action suit filed. The hard board siding was not used a great deal in the Pacific Northwest but you do find it from time to time. Most of the Masonite hard board siding came in panel form. On expensive homes you might find the Masonite “clad board”. This is where Masonite covered the composite siding with a “stucco” appearing material. This material was used on houses where people wanted to have a “tutor” looking home. If you have Masonite Hard Board siding you may call their claim line at 1-800-330-2722.GEORGIA PACIFICGeorgia Pacific Corporation recently settled a class action suit regarding their Jarratt Lap Siding and Catawba Siding. Catawba was used a great deal in NW Washington when Louisiana Pacific started having problems with their siding. You may call the Georgia Pacific corporation claims line at 1-888-882-5246.WeyerhaeuserWeyerhaeuser brand hardboard siding is an exterior composite wood siding made from wood fiber mixed primarily with resin and wax and pressed under extreme pressure and heat into dense panels. Using different plate designs, these panels can have different textures. The panels can then be cut into long horizontal lap siding, or into sheets to make panel siding.
Most Weyerhaeuser composite siding is designed with a cedar wood-grain texture. Other textures include a stucco texture, smooth lap siding, a cedar shake texture or a cross-sawn wood texture. Since these textures are very realistic, it can be difficult to tell them apart from other kinds of siding. There may be repeating features such as knots spaced 61″ apart, or a “double knot” feature with two non-identical knots spaced 12 1/8″ apart. If you can see the back, most styles contain the marking “AHA 10” or “AHA 20”. New class action suit filed in June, 1999
For claims call 1-253-924-2655 or 1-800-365-0697 Claims information can be found at www.weyerclaims.com. Information on how to identify Weyerhaeuser siding can be found here.



Other ManufacturersWe have limited information on other manufacturers mainly because we do not see their product often in this part of the country.




Boise-Cascade Composite SidingStimson Brand Composite Siding (Forestex)ABTCO Composite SidingSmurfit Paper Company's Cladwood Composite SidingShakertown panelBoise-Cascade Composite SidingMail your claim to: Boise Cascade Corporation, Timber & Wood Products Division, P.O. Box 62, Boise, ID 83707, Attn: Tana Rasmussen; phone: 208/384-6162; Include six photographs, one of each side of your house from a distance and two close-ups that will clearly show the problems you are experiencing. c/o Tana Rasmussen.Stimson Brand Composite Siding (Forestex)This company no longer manufactures or markets lap siding. They continue to produce a hardboard panel surfaced with tempered hardboard marketed as Duratemp. Need to submit a claim to Stimson? Mail your claim to 520 S.W. Yamhill, Suite 325, Portland, Oregon, 97204-1319; Remember to send a few photos of your siding with your claim letter.ABTCO Composite SidingClaims information can be found at www.abtcoclaims.comSmurfit Paper Company's Cladwood Composite SidingThis product has been out of production for a few years but damaged products continue to surface. A proposed settlement has been reached in a class action lawsuit concerning a siding product known as Cladwood. The settlement would provide compensation to persons who have incurred property damage resulting from failure of Cladwood siding installed on their homes or buildings. For claims call 1-888-572-3897, or visit their website at http://www.cladwoodclaims.com/Shakertown panelPanels manufactured before 1992 have been reported have problems with the way that they were processed.. There have been some complaints of the cedar shingles separating from their plywood backing. Poor installation techniques appear to be a major contributor to this problem. This product has been improved and seems to be exhibiting fewer problems. 



Fiber-cement ProductsFiber-cement siding has the look of wood siding but has a lower cost and lower maintenance. Market share is approaching ten percent, according to manufacturers. Most newly constructed homes with lap siding with have this type of siding. Additional benefits include resistance to termites and fire. Fiber-cement siding will not rot, buckle or warp and holds paint for several years longer than conventional wood siding. Moisture resistance is a concern, but problems can be avoided if the siding is installed correctly and properly treated.
Listed below are a few of the most common installation defects that I find.  The funny thing about these installation defects is that the installation instructions are very clear and very specific – the diagrams below all come directly from James Hardie.  The other manufacturers of fiber cement siding have nearly identical installation instructions.
Improper Clearances

Must be kept 2″ away from roof surfaces, decks, driveways, steps, and other similar hard surfaces.
Must be kept 6″ above the finished grade.
Gutters must be kept 1″ away from the siding, and kickout flashing needs to be installed.
Must be kept 1/4″ above flashing above windows, and not caulked at the z flashing

Improperly Attached

Must be blind nailed or face nailed, but not both.  The photos below show blind nails and face nails used together, and clearly shows what happens.
The proper size nails must be used (6d or siding nails).  Framing nails (16d) were used in the photos below.
The nails must be driven in straight, and must not be over-driven or under-driven.  The nails pictured were driven at an angle or driven in too far.





James-Hardie Company Certain TeedMaxitileJames-Hardie Company This product appears to perform very well in moist environments. Fiber-cement siding manufactured by James-Hardie Company (Hardi-Plank, Hardi-Panel, and Hardi-Home) have gained product recognition and an increasing market share. http://www.jameshardie.com/homeowner.htm
If you have an existing installation and you want to know if it was properly installed, you can view some of their older installation manuals here:
2001 Hardiplank Lap Siding Installation Instructions
2005 Hardiplank Lap Siding Installation Instructions
2007 Hardiplank Lap Siding Installation Instructions
2008 Hardiplank Lap Siding Installation Instructions
2010 Hardiplank Lap Siding Installation InstructionsCertain TeedCertain Teed – Wolverine Dura-Press
This product has been renamed Weatherboard and is being marketed under the Certainteed family of products.
MaxitileMaxitile
Manufacture Maxipanel, Maxiplank and Maxishake productsNot sure what you have? Siding Solutions Identification page




Composite Siding MaintenanceSome of the pre 1996 versions of the LP and similar siding products failed soon after installation. Later versions have lasted longer but as of the fall of 2004, we have yet to see such a product that stands up in our wet Pacific Northwest Climate unless it is vigilantly maintained. The most common conditions which seems to warrant some “preventative” maintenance and eventual replacement are: limited swelling and thin cracks along the bottom edge of the siding. See the first picture below for an example of this condition
Regular application of a good quality exterior paint is critical to successfully maintaining composite siding. Although one would expect the area painter to know the areas of composite siding that needs special attention, we have seen enough poor applied or sloppy paint jobs that a gentle reminder is in order. Make sure that all joints are caulked and that paint is sprayed up into the overlaps of the siding. Many painter tend to spray “straight ahead” however the areas that really need the paint are the bottom edges and directly behind the bottom edge. See the pictures below for examples.
Other maintenance practices:

quality caulking of any dimpled nail heads, abuttment joints, any areas where water may sit or pool and around fixtures such as lights or hose bibs
priming with Parker “Flex Bind”, Pittsburgh “Permenizer Plus”, or similar primer material. Note: brushing the primer into the bottom edge of the siding is a critical element of this work.
keeping vegetation, soil, roof drainage and sprinkler water off the siding.
make sure sheathing has at least 1/2″ clearance where to roof and side walls of the home join together. These joints are normally covered by trim and not exposed.

Painting is unlikely to solve all of the problems with this type of siding or help with severely deteriorated material but it should prolong the life of the product.




Examples of Siding issues







 





Early Deterioration and warping.
Note fungus growing on bottom edge. 







Different angle of same siding 







Delaminating around nailing point 







Closeup of delamination or "checking" 







Soft spot. Deterioration tothe point where siding crumbles 







Edge Checking and swelling. Although each manufacturers product varies slightly thebottom edges should be around 7/16" thick with no swelling present. This area has swelled to over 9/16" 







Edge Rotting 







Fungus growing on edge 















 



Should I buy a home with LP or any other composite siding?First, not all composite siding is bad. Initially I would qualify the age. If it was manufactured prior 1998 it may be first generation products which had a higher rate of failure. to If there are any signs of the composite siding failing, we advise getting it evaluated before purchasing a home. Why? When you buy the home the siding issues are now yours to deal with! It takes your time and your money, once you own the home. In most areas like the Pacific Northwest, composite siding has a finite lifespan like a roof does. It takes meticulous maintenance of the siding to extend its life beyond twenty years. This is the “short answer” to “should I buy a home with lp siding on it.” As with all things it’s entirely your call, well unless you are getting financing.
The Short Answers:Should I buy a home with LP siding on it if I’m paying cash? I wouldn’t, unless you own a siding company or have the repair costs deducted and have some spare time on your hands. Get the lp siding issues fixed first.
Should I buy a home with LP siding on it if I’m getting financing? You may not have a choice. If there are any signs of LP Siding rot, delamination or failing the chances of passing inspection are very slim. And if the home fails inspection for LP Siding issues many lending companies will not approve your financing – hence you may not have a choice.
I have failing Composite Siding, what should I do?The Short Answer: the sooner you get it fixed the better.
If your LP Siding is already showing signs of rot, delaminating, fungus, mold, swelling, mushrooms or separation – it’s just a matter of time before you have a real problem on your hands. Your first step should be to get a unbiased opinion on the extent of the damage. You may want to call a contractor but remember they are in the business of replacing siding and can be biased. You will be better off with a certified siding inspector such as Pacific Crest Inspections. We can gauge the extend of the damage using industry guidelines to determine the extent of the repairs needed.
Stabilize
In many cases the deterioration has begun and but still within the industry guidelines so replacement isn’t warranted, yet. Your best bet is to stabilize by cleaning, re-caulking and painting the siding. You may still end up replacing the siding but can postpone that investment by aggressively maintaining it.
Replacement
Most siding companies pull off all of the LP lap product and install new hardi-plank, vinyl or cedar. However, some siding companies re-side over the LP panel siding instead of pulling the panel material off. This process can have cost benefits; but, prior to siding over the panels you should look to see how much damage there is to the panels. If the damage is too severe, we do not suggest siding over the panels. Additionally, in many cases we do not suggest siding over the panels with vinyl.
Most builders placed either OSB or plywood behind the “Lap Siding”. So, if you take off a piece of lap siding you have another protective layer of material before you get to the cavity of your wall. The panel siding is what we call a “single wall construction” type product.
If you pull off a piece of panel siding it will immediately open up the cavity of your wall. You will be able to see your wiring, insulation, plumbing etc. This is one of the reasons so many siders suggest siding over the panel siding. By siding over the panel siding it gives you a second layer of protection. Thus the terms… “single wall construction” (panels only) and “double wall construction” (lap siding followed by a layer of plywood or chipboard). We do not suggest that you side over any panels that are seriously damaged. Usually the most damaged panels can be found in the non-insulated areas of your fireplace chimney or over the garage entrance. Chipboard products are often called “OSB” – oriented strand board.
Some siding companies claim that you cannot put vinyl over hardboard siding, not true according the the National Association of Home Builders.
Liquid vinyl siding – the answer to your siding problems???
Liquid vinyl siding problems are recent, since liquid vinyl is a relatively new exterior coating. Unlike vinyl siding, liquid vinyl is a spray-on, viscous coating that can be applied to any paintable surface. It dries to the touch in minutes, but requires about three weeks to set. However if you hardboard siding is damaged or moisture laden, liquid vinyl may not adhere and properly protect your siding
As with any exterior vinyl product, whether siding or coating, the surface to be covered must be in perfect condition. Preparation of the surface, and installation, are critical to the prevention of problems. Moisture has been the central issue in siding products, and that leads back to proper treatment of the substrate and installation that meets known standards for liquid vinyl.
Installation instructions for liquid vinyl are well-known, but not always followed. Any underlying mildew, dry rot, or mold must be removed from the substrate. If necessary, any defective area must be replaced. No imperfection in stucco or wood can be overlooked. If faulty installation leads to future problems with moisture, mold lawsuits will be among the litigation that follows.
After sanding, caulking, and scraping, a primer is applied that is a bonding agent. Last comes the liquid vinyl coating. This elastic, water-resistant coating is a breathable film that eliminates moisture, and is guaranteed for 50 years. If, however, preparation of the substrate and actual construction standards are not maintained, moisture-related liquid vinyl siding problems can develop and building product lawsuits will result.
Many of the companies who install this product are subcontractors or independent companies and their experience will vary. Ask how many times they have applied this product and what issues they have seen.  I would always do a check with the Better Business Bureau and ask for at least three reference customers to talk to.
Ask The Builder article on liquid siding






 
 

 
 
 






















Tankless Water Heaters | #1 Selling Tankless Water Heater in US
















      Skip to main content
    















Search



search


 


Search










Menu
















 


















Tankless Water Heaters








Have hot water whenever you need it
You don't have to worry about running out of hot water again. Our innovative technology provides an endless supply of hot water whenever and wherever it’s needed – even for simultaneous uses at multiple fixtures. Back-to-back showers and baths? Absolutely. Laundry and dishes at the same time? No problem. Prioritizing activities and scheduling hot water use is a thing of the past.
Find the right tankless water heater for your home >

Save money
Designed for efficiency: Rinnai’s tankless technology features durable heat exchangers to provide maximum efficiency and uses up to 40 percent less energy* than a traditional tank.
Save energy: By operating only when hot water is needed, with pilot light and no storage tank to heat and reheat water, our tankless technology helps save on energy and utility costs. The use of an electronic ignition means no standing pilot light that constantly uses energy.
A smart investment for now and the future: Increase your home’s value with premium technology, increased energy efficiency, an improved Home Energy Rating System (HERS) Index Score and optimized LEED certification. Available energy efficiency rebates and tax credits offer the opportunity to help make your purchases more affordable.
Customize your efficiency: Rinnai gives you installation options that are the perfect fit for nearly any home.
Replace parts, not systems: Every part of a Rinnai Tankless Water Heater is replaceable. Components can be easily exchanged, if needed, versus replacing the entire system.
 
Regain more space with a compact design
Maximum output, minimum space: About the size of a small suitcase at 18.5” x 26” x 10” or smaller, these wall-mounted models can be installed on interior or exterior walls and in compact spaces to free up valuable space.
Flexible installation: Small size allows for installation in non-traditional spaces such as crawl spaces and attics, making it perfect for use in any size home, including manufactured and modular homes.

Stay green with a sustainable choice
Earth-friendly: Our tankless technology achieves maximum energy efficiency, helping to conserve natural resources. And with higher standards for lower CO2 emissions, they contribute to a  healthier
Less waste: Compact heat exchanger design, longer product lifespan up to twice as long as a traditional tank** and recyclable parts means less waste in landfills.
 
Get hot water faster at the faucet with ThermaCirc360 Technology
Wait less. Waste less.  With Rinnai Super High Efficiency Plus featuring ThermaCirc360, you can now have faster hot water at your faucet regardless of your plumbing configuration.  Learn how you can get faster hot water with recirculation >
* As based on the average cost to run an electric tank water heater per the Department of Energy (DOE) Average Energy Costs (doe.gov) 2017.
** Based on DOE ENERGY STAR® lifecycle estimates.




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Western Pacific Housing | Corona | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Western Pacific Housing?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Western Pacific Housing
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >











BZ Score:
112






 Corona, CA 








Western Pacific Housing




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
112







WRITE A REVIEW









Request a quote






Request a quote












Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Find a Pro

 
/


Corona

 
/


 General Contractors 

 



Updated: Dec 22, 2016





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 112 ranks in the top 3% of 336,931 California licensed contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Western Pacific Housing, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Western Pacific Housing Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Custom Home Build
Home Construction
Multi-Family New Construction
Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 2280 Wardlow Cir, Corona, CA 92880 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Western Pacific Housing




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Change



1699 Lake San Marcos Dr, San Marcos, CA, 92078
2015-02-13


L-15016 western pacific housing - lake san marcos area:lake san marcos proposed use of graded site: subdivision emergency contact: kurt hubbell 760-846-1906 issuance of grading permit app... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS2015-LDPCHG-00164



Status:

Open



Fee:

$15



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Building permit



3650 05th Av, San Diego, CA, 92103
2007-08-01


Bldg permit for new 5 story apartment building w/81 units over 2 1/2 levels of underground parking garage.owner: western pacific housing inc. ct 3.00 : scr approved per pts 130267 reduces... 


Valuation:

$13,482,168



Permit #:

320020



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

Five or More Fami...












New residential detached accessory structure - plan check-permit



2507 Round Meadow Ct, Fallbrook, CA, 92028
1999-01-27


Cross street: firecrest activity code: 42rp14 42r114description of work: 504 sq ft deck more than 30 inches above ground09.30.2011: renew permit at 25% of todays fees by new owner must ha... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1005-99000247



Status:

PC Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1160 Vantage Pl, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1999-03-05


Log in cross street: clearcrest lnactivity code: 42rp07/42r107description of work:masterplan 13621 lots 36thru 48. (see master plan 13620 see plan check for clearances 1015 99000217). thi... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000223



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1144 Vantage Pl, Fallbrook, CA, 92028
1999-03-05


Log in cross street: clearcrest ln activity code: 42rp07/42r107 phase # 3description of work:masterplan 13621 lots 36 thru 48. see master plan 13620 see pln chk for clearances 1015 990002... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000221



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2617 Clearcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1999-03-05


Log in cross street: vantage place phase 3activity code:42rp07/42r107description of work:masterplan 13621 lots 36 thru 48. see masterplan 13620 for plan check clearances 1015 99000217. th... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000229



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1225 Shadowcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-10


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13622 lots 49thru 55 apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.production unitsplan 2--lot 5... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000404



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2522 Clearcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-10


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13622 lots 49thru 55 apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.production unitsplan 2--lot 1... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000402



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1208 Shadowcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-10


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13622 lots 49thru 55 apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.production unitsplan 2--lot 4... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000403



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1249 Shadowcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-10


Log in cross street: fire crest way activity code: 42rp05/42r105description of work: master plan for m13622 lots 49 thru 55 production units. apn 106-370-16, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.plan 1... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000407



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1241 Shadowcrest Ln, Fallbrook, CA, 92028
1998-11-05


Log in cross street: fire crest wayactivity code: 42rp05/42r105description of work: master plan for m13622 lots 49 thru 55 production units. apn 106-370-16, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.plan 1 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000395



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2510 Clearcrest Ln, Fallbrook, CA, 92028
1998-11-05


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13620 lots 49thru 55 apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.production unitsplan 2--lot 1... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000396



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2523 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-05


Log in cross street: fire crest way activity code: 42rp05/42r105description of work: master plan for m13620 lots 12, 13, 14 for models. apn 106-370-16, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.plan 1 - lot... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000392



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2515 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-11-05


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13620 lots 12, 13, 14 apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26.plan 23640sq ft w/a.c. and s... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1015-98000393



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



2523 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-09-08


Cross street: fire crest wayactivity code: 42rp05/42r105description of work: master plan for m13620 lots 12, 13, 14 for models & 10 11 are production units. apn 106-370-16, 18, 19, 22, 23... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1013-98000203



Status:

PC Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



2515 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-09-08


Cross street: firecrest wayactivity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: master plan m13620 lots 12, 13, 14-models; 10 & 11-production unitsold apn 106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 243 m... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1013-98000205



Status:

PC Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



2515 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1998-09-08


Cross street: firecrest wayactivity code:42rp05/42r105description of work: masterplan m13620 lots 12, 13, 14 -models; 10, 11-production units old apn106-370-16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 26... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1998-1013-98000204



Status:

PC Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Commercial alteration or addition - plan check-permit



26160 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-07-30


Cross street: north broadway activity code: 42cp05/42c105 description of work: tenant improvement convert garage to sales office...address: 26160 wyndemere ct tm 4775 lot 24 4/19/13: perm... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1021-99000171



Status:

Withdrawn



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26184 Wyndemere Ct, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-07-23


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. pr... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99001086



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26160 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-07-23


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. mod... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99001087



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26196 Wyndemere Ct, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-07-23


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. mod... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99001085



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26228 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000914



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26246 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000909



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26245 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000911



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26281 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000910



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26209 Crescendo Dr, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000908



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26263 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000907



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26282 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000912



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26227 Crescendo Dr, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000913



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26264 Crescendo Dr, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-06-28


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 1-15 & 41-44 phase 3wyndemere estates 9 production units...see 1015 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000915



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



3238 N Broadway, San Diego County, CA, 92102
1999-06-22


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. mod... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000782



Status:

Issued Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



3238 N Broadway, San Diego County, CA, 92102
1999-06-22


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. mod... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000784



Status:

Issued Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



3238 N Broadway, San Diego County, CA, 92102
1999-06-22


Log in cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. pr... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000783



Status:

Issued Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2508 Round Meadow Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1999-06-07


Log in cross street: fire crest way activity code: 42rp05/42r105description of work:master plan for m13620 lots 15plan 1 - lot 15 2861 sq ft sfdac 619 sq ft garagefinishedno pad clearance... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000622



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



26184 Wyndemere Ct, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. productio... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1013-99000069



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



26160 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. models dif... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1013-99000070



Status:

PC Expired



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26270 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000473



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26239 Wyndemere Ct, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000469



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26238 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000472



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26281 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000471



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model - plan check



26196 Wyndemere Ct, Escondido, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Cross street: calle ricardoactivity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan phase 1- tm4775 models on lots 24 25 and 26 of 44 lot subdivision called wyndemere estates. models dif... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1013-99000068



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26255 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in ccross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearan... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000475



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26271 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000468



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26254 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000470



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26280 Wyndemere Ct, San Diego County, CA, 92026
1999-05-13


Log in cross street: calle ricardo activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:master plan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 28-35 phase 2 8 production units see 1015 99000468 for all clearanc... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000474



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



2521 Clearcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1999-04-22


Log in cross street: fire crest way activity code: 42rp07/42r105description of work: master plan for m13620 lots 1-9 phase 5 see 1015 99000447 for all clearancesapn 106-370-42 plan 3 - lo... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000455



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



1130 Shadowcrest Ln, San Diego County, CA, 92028
1999-04-22


Log in cross street: firecrest way activity code:description of work: masterplan for map 13620. model floorplans are on lots 12 13 14. plan # 2 -- lot # 2 3045 sq ft sfdac/fs 680 sq ft ga... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS1999-1015-99000450



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26156 Crescendo Dr, Escondido, CA, 92026
2000-10-16


Log in cross street: north broadway activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 6-13 phase 4wyndemere estates 8 production units...see 1015 20 000 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS2000-1015-20000906



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26112 Crescendo Dr, Escondido, CA, 92026
2000-10-16


Log in cross street: north broadway activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 6-13 phase 4wyndemere estates 8 production units...see 1015 20 000 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS2000-1015-20000904



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A












Tract model or production unit - permit



26111 Crescendo Dr, Escondido, CA, 92026
2000-10-16


Log in cross street: north broadway activity code:42rp05 42r105description of work:masterplan map 13849 (tm4775-1) lots 6-13 phase 4wyndemere estates 8 production units...see 1015 20 000 ... see more



Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PDS2000-1015-20000907



Status:

Completed



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









8391 beverly drive 340, Los Angeles, CA 90048


Mr Build Home Improvement Company




License # 439166


Los Angeles, CA







114

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














1330 N Orange Drive #110, Los Angeles, CA 90028


Renovatio Custom Build




License # 990821


Los Angeles, CA







106

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














2144 Willow Avenue, Oceanside, CA 92058


JC Custom Scapes




License # 1002502


Oceanside, CA




5

2
ratings
 







112

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects






Featured Result







Western Pacific Housing Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Western Pacific Housing. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Western Pacific Housing










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 













Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote






Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Western Pacific Housing,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





112


Western Pacific Housing








114


Mr Build Home Improvement Company







106


Renovatio Custom Build








112


JC Custom Scapes






Request a Quote







License info








Unverified License





Status: Unable To VerifyBuildZoom was not able to verify this license with the licensing board








112Score





BuildZoom ScoreHow the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in California:













Does Western Pacific Housing carry a valid contracting license?



In California, any remodeling or construction project that exceeds $500 (labor and materials), requires a contractor to have an active license with the California Contractor State License Board (CSLB).











How important is contractor licensing in California?



The CSLB is one of the highest rated licensing boards in the US. Applicants are required to pass a written board exam and prove at least four years of prior, relevant work experience. In addition, the CSLB requires all license holders to maintain at least $2,500 in operating capital and provides you with a range of other consumer protections.











Your liability risk when hiring Western Pacific Housing



Contractors in California are required to carry workers' compensation insurance if they have employees and proof of liability insurance with the cumulative limit of $1 million for licensees with five or fewer persons, and an additional 100,000 for each additional member over five, not to exceed $5 million total.











Financial recourse when hiring Western Pacific Housing



All licensed contractors in California are required to maintain a bond, which provides you with financial recourse in case they perform defective work or violate license regulations. If you feel as though you have been taken advantage of, you should leave feedback on the contractor's BuildZoom profile and file a complaint with the CSLB.











What else should I know before hiring Western Pacific Housing



California contractors are required to submit their fingerprints to the board, which are then checked against criminal records held by the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) prior to obtaining a valid contracting license.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The California State License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















Contractor categories in Corona



Corona general contractors


Corona architects


Corona carpenters


Corona concrete contractors


Corona drywall and plaster contractors




Corona electricians


Corona engineers


Corona exterior contractors


Corona fencing contractors


Corona flooring contractors





Contractors in nearby cities



Chino general contractors


Chino Hills general contractors


Eastvale general contractors


Foothill Ranch general contractors


Mira Loma general contractors




Norco general contractors


Pomona general contractors


Riverside general contractors


Silverado general contractors


View All Cities











×
Contact Western Pacific Housing
We will attempt to deliver your message to Western Pacific Housing. We'll notify you when it is delivered.










Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.










































































Building permits in the United States




























































Building Permits
in The United States







Search for an address or city












Sorry, we couldn't find the "{{propertySearch.bad_query}}" you're looking for.
Please make sure your search is spelled correctly, and try adding a city, state or zipcode.



























Reset filters








Auto Search


Refresh Map





Select a metro area to filter projects.







Only showing 75 properties. Zoom in or use filters to narrow your search.







Loading...
No properties match your search.

Nearby properties
in 
with permit activity
































































Get remodeling quotes from the best general contractors in your area















































































































Find a contractor you can trust on BuildZoom


























































Contractor search












Search


 









BuildZoom

 
/


Find a Pro







Browse contractors by state



Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho



Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri



Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania



Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming




Top contractors in major cities



Albuquerque, NM


Arlington, TX


Atlanta, GA


Austin, TX


Bakersfield, CA


Baltimore, MD


Boston, MA


Charlotte, NC


Chicago, IL


Cleveland, OH


Colorado Springs, CO


Columbus, OH


Dallas, TX



Denver, CO


Detroit, MI


El Paso, TX


Fort Worth, TX


Fresno, CA


Houston, TX


Indianapolis, IN


Jacksonville, FL


Kansas City, MO


Las Vegas, NV


Long Beach, CA


Los Angeles, CA


Louisville, KY



Memphis, TN


Mesa, AZ


Miami, FL


Milwaukee, WI


Minneapolis, MN


Nashville, TN


New Orleans, LA


New York, NY


Oakland, CA


Oklahoma City, OK


Omaha, NE


Philadelphia, PA


Phoenix, AZ



Portland, OR


Raleigh, NC


Sacramento, CA


San Antonio, TX


San Diego, CA


San Francisco, CA


San Jose, CA


Seattle, WA


Tucson, AZ


Tulsa, OK


Virginia Beach, VA


Washington, DC


Wichita, KS
















































LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 





