

Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:18 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of September 14, 2009, Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc has been acquired by Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. It seeks to invest its corpus in floating rate debt securities of emerging market sovereign and corporate issuers. The fund invests in fixed rate securities with respect to which it has entered into interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed rate interest payments ...
As of September 14, 2009, Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc has been acquired by Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. It seeks to invest its corpus in floating rate debt securities of emerging market sovereign and corporate issuers. The fund invests in fixed rate securities with respect to which it has entered into interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed rate interest payments received into floating rate interest payments. It employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio J.P. Morgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global Index. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Salomon Brothers Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. was formed on January 21, 1994 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


620 Eighth Avenue49th FloorNew York, NY 10018United StatesFounded in 1994



www.leggmason.com/individualinvestors/products/closed-end/overview/EFL.aspx







Key Executives for Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc.


Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. Key Developments

Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. Files Form N-8F
Oct 20 16
Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. has announced that it has filed a Form N-8F with the Securities and Exchange Commission to deregister the fund under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended due to merger. Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. is the fund surviving the merger.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc., please visit www.leggmason.com/individualinvestors/products/closed-end/overview/EFL.aspx.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































        Product Spotlight  - Bank Loans
         | Western Asset
    


































My Account





USER ID



PASSWORD




Remember User ID    Log In




Not Registered?   Forgot Password?   Log In Help?










Contact Us   
	Careers   
	  Site Help    







ABOUT US


Our Firm

Investment Philosophy

Risk Management

Client Service

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)



Assets Under Management
As of March 31, 2017
US$432.7 Billion
Learn More




RESEARCH


White Papers

Investment Reports

The Economy

Podcasts

Webcasts

In The Media




The Economy
AS OF July 28, 2017
2Q17 GDP Shows Better Growth in Last Few Quarters
Read The Analysis





INVESTMENT SOLUTIONS


Diversified Fixed-Income


Cash Management


US Enhanced Cash
US Enhanced Liquidity
US Managed Cash



Short Duration


US Limited Duration
US Limited Duration Constrained



Intermediate Duration


US Core
US Core Full Discretion
US Intermediate



Alternatives


Macro Opportunities



Long Duration


US Long Duration Full Discretion



Total Return


Global Multi-Sector
Global Total Return
Multi-Asset Credit
Total Return Unconstrained (TRU) Bond



Government


Global Sovereign
Global Sovereign Q
Global Sovereign Limited Duration



Region / Country Specific


Asia External Debt
Asia Local Currency
Euro Core Full Discretion
Pan-Euro High Yield







Sector Strategies


Emerging Markets Debt


Emerging Markets Debt Diversifed
Emerging Markets Debt Local Currency Sovereign
Emerging Markets Debt USD Corporate Credit
India Core Local Currency



Credit


Global Credit
Multi-Asset Credit
Pan-Euro High Yield
Short-Dated High Yield
US Bank Loan
US High Yield
US Investment Grade Credit
US Investment Grade Credit Full Discretion
US Long Investment Grade Credit
US Long Investment Grade Credit Full Discretion



Inflation-Linked


US TIPS Full Discretion



Insurance


Insurance Core



Structured Product


Agency MBS
Agency MBS Plus Aggregate
Structured Product
Structured Product Levered



Municipal


US Municipal Intermediate Aggregate
US Municipal Money Market
US Taxable Municipal







Global Solutions


Total Return


Global Multi-Sector
Global Total Return
Multi-Asset Credit



Credit


Global Credit
Global High Yield
Pan-Euro High Yield



Inflation-Linked


Global Inflation Linked



Government


Global Sovereign
Global Sovereign Q
Global Sovereign Limited Duration



Diversified


Global Core Full Discretion (USD Hedged)



Alternatives


Macro Opportunities











FUNDS


Exchange-Traded Funds


Wisdom Tree


WisdomTree Emerging Market Corporate Bond (EMCB)
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund (BZF)
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund (CRDT)
WisdomTree Global Real Return Fund (RRF)
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund (UBND)







Closed-End Funds


Sector Strategies


WA / Claymore Inflation-Linked Opportunities & Income Fund (WIW)
WA / Claymore Inflation-Linked Securities & Income Fund (WIA)
WA Corporate Loan Fund Inc. (TLI)
WA High Income Fund II Inc. (HIX)
WA High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. (HIO)
WA High-Yield Defined Opportunity Fund Inc (HYI)
WA Income Fund (PAI)
WA Investment-Grade Defined Opportunity Trust Inc. (IGI)
WA Middle Market Debt Fund Inc.(XWAMX)
WA Middle Market Income Fund Inc.(XWMFX)
WA Mortgage Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. (DMO)



National Municipal


WA Intermediate Muni Fund Inc. (SBI)
WA Managed Municipals Fund Inc. (MMU)
WA Municipal Defined Opportunity Trust (MTT)
WA Municipal High Income Fund Inc. (MHF)
WA Municipal Partners Fund Inc. (MNP)



Global


WA Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. (EMD)
WA Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. (GDO)
WA Global High Income Fund Inc. (EHI)



Diversified


WA Premier Bond Fund (WEA)
WA Variable Rate Strategic Fund Inc. (GFY)







Open-End Funds


Money Market


WA Government Reserves
WA Institutional Government Reserves
WA Institutional Liquid Reserves
WA Institutional U.S. Treasury Obligations Money Market Fund
WA Institutional U.S. Treasury Reserves
WA New York Tax Free Money Market Fund
WA Premium Liquid Reserves
WA Premium U.S. Treasury Reserves
WA Prime Obligations Money Market Fund
WA Select Tax Free Reserves
WA Tax Free Reserves
WA U.S. Treasury Reserves



Taxable


Diversified
WA Adjustable Rate Income Fund
WA Core Bond Fund
WA Core Plus Bond Fund
WA Intermediate Bond Fund
WA Macro Opportunities Fund
WA Short-Term Bond Fund
WA Short Term Yield Fund
WA Total Return Unconstrained Fund
WA Ultra Short Obligations Fund
Sector Strategies
WA Corporate Bond Fund
WA High-Yield Fund
WA Inflation Indexed Plus Bond Fund
WA Mortgage Backed Securities Fund
WA Short Duration High Income Fund
Global
WA Emerging Markets Debt Fund
WA Global High-Yield Bond Fund
WA Global Strategic Income Fund



Tax Exempt


State-Specific Municipal
WA California Municipals Funds
WA Intermediate Maturity California Municipals Fund
WA Intermediate Maturity New York Municipals Fund
WA Massachusetts Municipals Fund
WA New Jersey Municpals Fund
WA New York Municipals Fund
WA Oregon Municipals Fund
WA Pennsylvania Municipals Fund
National Municipal
WA Intermediate-Term Municipals Fund
WA Managed Municipals Fund
WA Municipal High Income Fund
WA Short Duration Municipal Income Fund


















Product Spotlight - Bank Loans



Bank Loans


Western Asset's bank loan portfolio management philosophy asserts that the integration of superior fundamental credit research, relative-value analysis, and proper risk management should generate outperformance over a market cycle. The Firm's investments for bank loan portfolios include the full spectrum of below investment-grade corporate issues, ranging from conservative to aggressive and varying by quality, issuer and subsector. 



Market Review 3Q 2013
The S&P/LSTA Performing Loan Index returned 1.21% over the third quarter. Bank loans have now recorded eight consecutive quarters of positive returns. The average price of a loan in the market increased by $0.41 to $98.09 as demand continued to provide a strong tailwind to bank loan performance. The session began with a continuation of the rising interest rate environment that was set in motion during 2Q13. Expectations were that the Federal Reserve (Fed) would announce the tapering of its monthly asset purchases at its meeting on September 18. Ultimately, the Fed proved market pundits incorrect as it chose not to taper due to a lack of sustained improvement in key data points. US Treasury yields fell sharply. Yields were also driven lower as it became increasingly likely that a federal budget would not be agreed to in time, which would trigger a partial shutdown of the federal government on October 1. 
On the economic side of the equation, the data remained uninspiring. Annualized 2Q13 GDP was finalized at 2.5%, coming in at the middle of the range that had been forecast. Though the unemployment rate moved lower, this was partially due to a decline in the participation rate. In all, bank loan spreads moved marginally lower, finishing the quarter 3 basis points (bps) tighter at LIBOR+447 bps. 
Spreads have ratcheted 37 bps tighter since the end of 2012. Yields also fell by a small amount over the quarter. The yield-to-call (three-year assumption) dropped from 4.76% at the end of June to 4.74% at the end of September. In terms of ratings, B rated loans generated the best performance for the quarter, up 1.39%, followed by BBs (1.10% return) while CCCs lagged (0.54% return). However, CCCs have outperformed by a wide margin over the first nine months of 2013, gaining 7.06%, while Bs and BBs have returned 3.87% and 2.51%, respectively. The largest and most liquid loans in the marketplace, as proxied by the S&P/LSTA Loan 100 Index, performed slightly worse than the broader market, returning 1.15%. This index is also lagging on a year-to-date (YTD) basis, having returned only 3.13% for the period. Relative to other asset classes, bank loans performance is right in line with the risk spectrum. Loans outperformed most major duration-sensitive fixed-income sectors, including US Treasuries (UST) (0.70% return), investment-grade credit (0.72% return) and mortgage-backed securities (1.03% return). On the other end of the spectrum, loans underperformed high-yield debt, which gained 2.28%, and the S&P 500 Total Return Index, which returned 5.25%. 
Demand continued to be heavy and steady during the quarter. Combined demand from collateralized-loan obligations (CLO) and retail investors was $33.3 billion, making it the third highest quarterly total on record. Total demand for the year has been just over $107 billion. Retail demand totaled $18.1 billion during 3Q13 as weekly flows averaged over $1.5 billion. Investors have put just under $50 billion into bank loan mutual funds and exchange traded funds so far this year. At this pace, 2013 net flows would be four times larger than any previous annual period. New CLO deals netted to $15.2 billion. For the YTD period, CLO generation has totaled $57.5 billion, already surpassing 2012's post crisis high of $53.5 billion. Estimates for 2013 are in the $70 billion range. Loans slowed from the previous quarter but remained elevated versus long-term averages. Institutional loan volume was $100.8 billion. 
The period was anchored by two large deals that both came in September: Hilton Worldwide refinanced $7.6 billion and Dell's much anticipated buyout financing of $6.2 billion allocated. For the year, arrangers have brought over $366 billion in new loans to market. The bank loan primary market is likely to eclipse 2007's record year of $387 billion. New-issue all-in yields declined over the quarter. The total all-in spread (including straight spread, upfront fee and LIBOR floor) offered to new BB loan investors was 353 bps, while Bs offered 487 bps. This represented a fall of 20 bps to 25 bps in spread versus the previous quarter. Covenant-lite loans continued to account for over 50% of new-issue volume in September and refinancing continued to be the primary use of proceeds. 
From a fundamental perspective, quarterly issuer financials continued to show signs of slowing as it related to revenues. The year-over-year change in EBITDA slowed to 6.1% from 6.8% at the end of 1Q13, while revenues fell to 9.3%. Leverage and coverage multiples continued to be supportive, however. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio for loan issuers fell to 5 times from 5.3 times at the end of 2012. Coverage ratios were elevated as cashflow coverage and interest coverage multiples were 3.2 times and 4.3 times, respectively. The positive fundamental environment has helped to keep defaults down. According to Moody's, the trailing 12-month issuer weighted default rate for the bank loan market remained unchanged at 2.5%. This was slightly higher than the 2Q13 default rate of 2.3%. S&P registered similar numbers with an issuer-rated default rate of 1.8% and a par-weighted default rate of 2.4%. 


How To Invest


Please contact your Client Service Executive or call 1-626-844-9400 to invest in a separate account or commingled vehicle.

				Open-end mutual fund: Floating Rate Income Fund (JFIAX)
				This is a Western Asset sub-advised fund.
		   


Western Asset Focus Materials





Read our Bank Loan Brochure which covers the history and potential benefits of this asset class



Bank Loan Executive Summary




The Bank Loan Q&A with portfolio manager Timothy J. Settel addresses questions relating to this sector



Bank Loan Investment Report






The white papers below are relevant to the use of Bank Loans within a portfolio.




The Importance of Income
February 2012
As investors, we know that income is an essential component of total return. Income clearly demonstrates its importance in the fixed-income market, but is also critically important in equities, real estate and currency investing. One of the key issues that investors must confront today is the prospect of receiving significantly less income in the future than they have in the past, primarily due to the efforts of the US Federal Reserve (Fed) to lower most interest rates.






The Importance of Income Part 2:The Rule of 72
November 2012
Most of us have learned the rule of 72 somewhere along the way in our financial careers. Simply stated, divide 72 by your expected annual return and the result will be the approximate time it will take for your investment to double. Historically, the 10% annualized return expectation for equities suggested that an investment would double in just over seven years (72/10).




Bank Loan Team
View Biographies



                The investment professionals for our Bank Loan portfolios are concentrated in Pasadena; however, expertise and information is provided by dedicated credit analysts, traders, portfolio analysts, and product professionals located in the Firm's global offices. 
            







		© 2017 Western Asset    
		Privacy Policy    
		
		Online Security Policy

Your use of this website signifies that you agree to our 
		Terms and Conditions of Use.
	


    	
        Morningstar Awards 2014 © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Awarded to Ken Leech, Carl Eichstaedt, and Mark Lindbloom for Western Asset Core Bond Fund (WACSX) and Western Asset Core Plus Bond Fund (WAPSX) named Morningstar 2014 U.S. Fixed Income Manager of the Year, United States of America. Morningstar Awards 2015 © Morningstar, Inc.
		
        Morningstar Fund Manager of the Year award recognizes portfolio managers who demonstrate excellent investment skill and the courage to differ from the consensus to benefit investors. To qualify for the award, managers’ funds must have not only posted impressive returns for the year, but the managers also must have a record of delivering outstanding long-term risk-adjusted performance and of aligning their interests with shareholders’. The Fund Manager of the Year award winners are chosen based on Morningstar’s proprietary research and in-depth evaluation by its fund analysts.
    	
























 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. Announces Intent to Proceed With Solicitation of Shareholders for Approval of Proposed Merger With Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. | Business Wire


























































Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. Announces 
      Intent to Proceed With Solicitation of Shareholders for Approval of 
      Proposed Merger With Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc.






February 10, 2009 05:00 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. (NYSE: EFL) 
      announced today that it will proceed with its plan to solicit the 
      approval of Fund shareholders to merge the Fund with and into Western 
      Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. (NYSE: ESD) under a proposed plan 
      of reorganization previously approved by the Boards of Directors of both 
      Funds as announced on February 15, 2008. A meeting of shareholders of 
      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund will be held at 620 
      Eighth Avenue, 49th Floor, New York, New York, on Thursday, June 25, 
      2009 at 3:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time for the purposes of considering 
      and voting upon the merger and other matters.
    

      At the time of the Boards’ initial approval of the proposed merger, both 
      Funds’ common shares traded at approximately the same level of discount 
      to net asset value (NAV) per share. Subsequent to that approval but 
      prior to Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund’s ability to 
      solicit shareholder approval, the Fund’s market price rose to a premium 
      to its NAV per share that was sustained over a period of several months 
      while the common shares of Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund 
      continued to trade at a discount to NAV. This was significant because, 
      pursuant to the terms of the proposed merger, each common share of 
      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund will convert into an 
      equivalent dollar amount (to the nearest $0.001) of common shares of 
      Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund, based on the NAV per share of 
      each Fund calculated at 4:00 p.m. on the business day preceding the 
      closing date of the merger. Shareholders of Western Asset Emerging 
      Markets Floating Rate Fund would have received an equivalent dollar 
      amount of their shares’ NAV in a merger with Western Asset Emerging 
      Markets Debt Fund. However, since Western Asset Emerging Markets 
      Floating Rate Fund’s common shares were trading at a significant premium 
      to NAV and common shares of Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund 
      were trading at a discount to NAV, seeking a merger under those 
      conditions would not have been advantageous to shareholders of Western 
      Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund. Accordingly, the Boards of 
      Directors approved a recommendation by the Fund’s investment manager and 
      sub-adviser, Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC, (“LMPFA”) and 
      Western Asset Management Company (“WAM”), to delay the solicitation of 
      shareholders of the Fund to seek their approval of the merger until such 
      time as shares of the Funds were trading at a similar premium or 
      discount to their NAV per share. This decision was announced by press 
      release on May 27, 2008.
    

      The Boards of Directors, LMPFA and WAM have continued to monitor the 
      market prices and discounts of the Funds’ shares and, since December 
      2008, the discounts of the two Funds have become realigned. As of 
      January 30, 2009, Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund’s 
      discount to NAV was approximately 19.76% and Western Asset Emerging 
      Markets Debt Fund’s discount to NAV was approximately 16.39%. Based on a 
      recommendation by LMPFA and WAM, the Boards of Directors of the Funds 
      approved the plan to proceed with the solicitation of shareholders of 
      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund to seek approval to 
      merge the Fund with and into Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund. 
      The shareholders of Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund are not 
      required to approve the merger because of the comparative sizes of the 
      two Funds. The merger is anticipated to occur as soon as practicable 
      after obtaining shareholder approval.
    

      As a primary investment objective, Western Asset Emerging Markets 
      Floating Rate Fund seeks to maintain a high level of current income by 
      investing at least 80% of its net assets plus any borrowings for 
      investment purposes in floating rate debt securities of emerging market 
      sovereign and corporate issuers, including fixed rate securities with 
      respect to which the Fund has entered into interest rate swaps to 
      effectively convert the fixed rate interest payments received into 
      floating rate interest payments. As a secondary objective, Western Asset 
      Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund seeks capital appreciation.
    

      In recommending the merger to each Board, LMPFA and WAM, respectively, 
      cited the changing nature of emerging market debt issuance which has 
      made it increasingly difficult to secure floating rate emerging market 
      debt securities. The Board and management continue to believe that since 
      Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund invests in a much broader range 
      of emerging market debt securities, a merger would benefit Western Asset 
      Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund shareholders by allowing them to 
      continue to have exposure to emerging markets through a fund with more 
      viable investment strategies. In addition, the Board of Western Asset 
      Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund continues to believe that combining 
      the two Funds could benefit Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate 
      Fund shareholders by providing a lower operating expense ratio, enhanced 
      market liquidity due to the increased number of shares outstanding of 
      the combined fund and the potential for economies of scale. Shareholders 
      of Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund may also benefit from an 
      increase in assets and potential economies of scale. Western Asset 
      Emerging Markets Debt Fund’s primary investment objective is total 
      return and its secondary investment objective is high current income.
    

      * * * * *
    

      In connection with the proposal to merge Western Asset Emerging Markets 
      Floating Rate Fund with and into Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt 
      Fund, Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund intends to file 
      a definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
      (“SEC”). Investors and stockholders are advised to read the proxy 
      statement when it becomes available, because it will contain important 
      information. When filed with the SEC, the proxy statement and other 
      documents filed by Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund 
      will be available for free at the SEC's website, http://www.sec.gov. 
      Stockholders can also obtain copies of these documents, when available, 
      for free by calling the Fund at 1-888-777-0102 or by visiting Western 
      Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund’s website at www.leggmason.com/cef.
    

      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund, its directors and 
      executive officers and other members of its management and employees may 
      be deemed to be participants in the Fund’s solicitation of proxies from 
      its stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Information 
      concerning the interests of the participants in the solicitation is set 
      forth in the Fund’s proxy statements and stockholder reports on Form 
      N-CSR, previously filed with the SEC.
    

      * * * * *
    

      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. had assets of 
      approximately $41 million as of December 31, 2008. Western Asset 
      Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. had assets of approximately $419 million 
      as of December 31, 2008. Each Fund is a non-diversified closed-end 
      management investment company managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund 
      Advisor, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc., and are 
      sub-advised by Western Asset Management Company, an affiliate of the 
      investment manager.
    

      For more information on the Funds, please contact our Investor Relations 
      Group at 1-888-777-0102 or consult the Funds’ web site at www.leggmason.com/cef.
    



Contacts

      Legg Mason & Co. LLCBrenda Grandell, 212-857-8087Director, 
      Closed-End Funds
    












Contacts

      Legg Mason & Co. LLCBrenda Grandell, 212-857-8087Director, 
      Closed-End Funds
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  EFL Quote - Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust   EFL:US   New York        10.03USD   0.02   0.20%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   10.02    Day Range   10.01 - 10.03    Previous Close   10.01    52Wk Range   10.00 - 10.03                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   10.02    Day Range   10.01 - 10.03    Volume   57,383    Previous Close   10.01    52Wk Range   10.00 - 10.03    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Premium/Discount   -    Average 52-Week Premium   -    Fund Managers   PAUL M O'NEIL / MAUREEN A GEMMA    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   -    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                     Profile   Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust operates as a closed-end management investment company. The Company invests in senior floating rate loans of any maturity. Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust also operates in various industries and geographical regions including entities in emerging market countries.    Address  Eaton Vance ManagementTwo International PlaceBoston, MA 02110USA   Phone  1-800-225-6265   Website   www.eatonvance.com              


      Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund, First Federal Bankshares: Biggest Price Gainers (EFL, FFSX) - WSJ
    




























































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      S&amp;P 500, Nasdaq Fall for the Week on Pressure From Tech Sector
                    











                      Sapphire Reserve Cards Not So Rewarding for J.P. Morgan
                    











                      UBS, Credit Suisse Boost Earnings After Strategic Shift
                    











                      Buyout Firm Blames China-Bashing for Stalled Deal
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Meet Randal Quarles, Trump’s Pick to Shake Up the Fed
                    











                        Heard on the Street
                      

                      Investors Too Wary of the Amazon Effect
                    











                      A Plan to Fill the Massive Gender Gap in Asset Management
                    











                      Wells Fargo to Refund $80 Million to Auto-Loan Customers
                    











                      Why Pandas Are Becoming Popular in Hungary
                    











                      Trump Administration to Wind Down myRA Program
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Markets
              




Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund, First Federal Bankshares: Biggest Price Gainers (EFL, FFSX)

 






  Updated Oct. 9, 2008 12:38 p.m. ET





Western Asset Emerging Markets Floating Rate Fund Inc. topped the list of Biggest Percentage Price Gainers among common stocks on the New York Stock Exchange at midday on Thursday. See the full list. First Federal Bankshares Inc. topped the list of Biggest Percentage Price Gainers among common stocks on the Nasdaq Stock Market. See the full list. Go to Markets Data Center (WSJMarkets.com) for complete...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Trump Replaces Priebus, Names Kelly Chief of Staff





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Trump Replaces Priebus, Names Kelly Chief of Staff





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















	GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund | Snapshot | Mutual Fund- VanEck









Menu



Contact


































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        






























Home » VanEck Funds » Mutual Funds » GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund
             » Overview
        









  PDF







Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious








GBFAXEmerging Markets Fund
        



















            Ticker:-
            GBFAX;false;;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            EMF;false;;
        













              Class A - GBFAX
            

              Class C - EMRCX
            

              Class I - EMRIX
            

              Class Y - EMRYX
            















                Videos


Macro and Fundamental Backdrop Signal Strength in Emerging Markets Equity (7:32)David Semple


2017 Emerging Markets Equities Outlook (6:01)David Semple


View more videos














Blog Posts

Read Emerging Markets Equity Blog Posts  














How to Purchase

Learn more on how to purchase shares of VanEck Funds



















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password





































Daily Price
                      
as of 07/28/17




NAV†
DAILY CHANGE


$16.40
 $-0.02 / -0.1%



















Class A Details: GBFAX



              INCEPTION DATE
            

              GROSS/NET EXPENSES1


12/20/93
1.53%/1.53%
































                Fund Literature
            


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


















							Overview
						



							Performance
						



							Portfolio Analytics
						



							Investment Team
						



							Commentary
						



							Fees & Minimums
						















 

Fund Summary and Key Points
The VanEck Emerging Markets Fund (the "Fund") seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in equity securities in emerging markets around the world.A global emerging markets equity portfolio focused on companies with growth potential at a reasonable price (“GARP”)A bottom-up investment process driven by fundamental research into the sustainability of a company’s growth driversGrowth is oriented toward strong secular stories, many of which reflect domestic demand themes and are often found in smaller-capitalization stocks













Making the Investment Case for Emerging MarketsFund manager Q&A: Emerging markets fundsEmerging Markets Fund: Quarterly Commentary 2Q'17Case for Active Management in Emerging MarketsEmerging Markets Fund Overview


















Fund Details as of 06/30/17


Net Assets (All Classes)
$1459.9M


Number of Holdings
84


Avg. Wtd. Market Cap
$13.8B


Turnover Rate (2016)
49.0%


P/E (LTM) / P/E (Forward)*
18.8 / 15.8


P/B (LTM)*
3.2


Benchmark Index
MSCI EM IMI



*Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio is the price of a stock divided  by its earnings per share. Price-to-Book (P/B) ratio is the ratio of a stock's  price to its book value.


















 


			 
					EM Equity Investment Team
				  
		




David Semple, Portfolio Manager, with Angus Shillington, and Patricia Gonzalez

Photo L to R

David  A.    
 Semple, 
            
              Angus 
 Shillington, 
            
              Patricia  Gonzalez















 

Investment Style Box


This investment style box is based on the Fund's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by VanEck.














Performance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)
                  Month End
                  as of 06/30/17
                  Quarter End
                  as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--
                  Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--*Returns  less than one year are not     annualized.The table presents past  performance  which is no guarantee    of  future results and which may be lower  or higher than  current  performance.   Returns reflect temporary contractual fee  waivers and/or   expense     reimbursements. Had the Fund incurred all expenses  and  fees1,     investment returns would have been reduced.  Expenses:   Class A: Gross 1.53% and   Net 1.53%. Expenses are capped contractually through   05/01/18 at 1.60% for     Class  A. Investment returns and Fund share values  will  fluctuate so that     investors'  shares, when redeemed, may be worth more  or  less than their    original  cost. Fund  returns assume that dividends and   capital gains    distributions have  been  reinvested in the Fund at  NAV. ^The  Fund's inception  date was December 20,  1993, but  prior to   December 18, 2002,  it operated with a  substantially different   investment    strategy.  Specifically,  it invested  primarily in the common  stocks  and  other  equity  securities of  global large-cap  growth companies and  could   invest no   more  than 10% of its  assets in emerging  markets    securities.
















Top 10 Holdings (%) 


Month End as of 06/30/17


Quarter End as of 06/30/17




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




View All Holdings



These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security. Sectors and holdings may vary.














Performance Attribution2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Sector2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Country
















Sector Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17


Sector


% of Net Assets


Financials

23.9


Information Technology

23.1


Consumer Discretionary

21.8


Industrials

7.0


Health Care

6.4


Consumer Staples

6.3


Real Estate

2.8


Telecommunication Services

1.9


Utilities

1.6


Materials

0.5


Cash

4.7


















Country Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17






Country
% of Net Assets




											■
										
China
32.8
#40699c

32.8




											■
										
South Korea
7.8
#215465

7.8




											■
										
India
6.7
#3c8da3

6.7




											■
										
Taiwan
6.6
#a3cd3b

6.6




											■
										
South Africa
5.2
#7f9a48

5.2




											■
										
Brazil
5.0
#d0e796

5.0




											■
										
Mexico
4.8
#79f138

4.8




											■
										
Thailand
3.2
#de886e

3.2




											■
										
Russia
3.2
#652130

3.2




											■
										
Turkey
3.1
#a23b1c

3.1




											■
										
Philippines
2.9
#853649

2.9




											■
										
Indonesia
2.5
#f9f888

2.5




											■
										
Other EM
11.5
#8c792f

11.5




											■
										
Cash
4.7
#d3b32a

4.7
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap











Important Disclosure

Unless otherwise stated, portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares; other classes may have different characteristics.

†NAV: Unless you are eligible for a waiver, the public offering price you pay when you buy Class A shares of the Fund is the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the shares plus an initial sales charge. The initial sales charge varies depending upon the size of your purchase.  No sales charge is imposed where Class A or Class C shares are issued to you pursuant to the automatic investment of income dividends or capital gains distributions. It is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to ensure that the investor obtains the proper “breakpoint” discount. Class C, Class I and Class Y do not have an initial sales charge; however, Class C does charge a contingent deferred redemption charge.  See the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for more information.
1Van Eck Associates Corporation (the “Adviser”) has agreed to waive fees and/or pay Fund expenses to the extent necessary to prevent the operating expenses of the Fund (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, trading expenses, dividends and interest payments on securities sold short, taxes and extraordinary expenses) from exceeding 1.60% for Class A, 2.50% for Class C, 1.00% for Class I, and 1.10% for Class Y of the Fund’s average daily net assets per year until May 1, 2018. During such time, the
        expense limitation is expected to continue until the Board of Trustees acts to discontinue all or a portion of such expense limitation.

2The Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance of emerging markets. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index consists of the following 23 emerging market country indices: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Russia, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
        The MSCI Emerging Markets Investment Market Index (MSCI EM IMI) is a free float adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to capture large-, mid- and small-cap representation across 23 emerging markets countries. Emerging Markets countries include: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Qatar, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
The views and opinions expressed are those of VanEck. Fund manager commentaries are general in nature and should not be construed as investment advice. Opinions are subject to change with market conditions. Any discussion of specific securities mentioned in the commentaries is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy these securities. Fund holdings will vary.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program, not a complete program. The Fund is subject to the risks associated with its investments in emerging markets securities, which tend to be more volatile and less liquid than securities traded in developed countries. The Fund’s investments in foreign securities involve risks related to adverse political and economic developments unique to a country or a region, currency fluctuations or controls, and the possibility of arbitrary action by foreign governments, including the takeover of property without adequate compensation or imposition of prohibitive taxation. The Fund is subject to risks associated with investments in debt securities, derivatives, commodity-linked instruments, illiquid securities, asset-backed securities, CMOs and small or mid-cap companies. The Fund is also subject to inflation risk, short-sales risk, market risk, non-diversification risk and leverage risk. Please see the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for information on these and other risk considerations.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information.  Please read them carefully before investing.


 










Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.










×













	GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund | Snapshot | Mutual Fund- VanEck









Menu



Contact


































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        






























Home » VanEck Funds » Mutual Funds » GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund
             » Overview
        









  PDF







Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious








GBFAXEmerging Markets Fund
        



















            Ticker:-
            GBFAX;false;;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            EMF;false;;
        













              Class A - GBFAX
            

              Class C - EMRCX
            

              Class I - EMRIX
            

              Class Y - EMRYX
            















                Videos


Macro and Fundamental Backdrop Signal Strength in Emerging Markets Equity (7:32)David Semple


2017 Emerging Markets Equities Outlook (6:01)David Semple


View more videos














Blog Posts

Read Emerging Markets Equity Blog Posts  














How to Purchase

Learn more on how to purchase shares of VanEck Funds



















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password





































Daily Price
                      
as of 07/28/17




NAV†
DAILY CHANGE


$16.40
 $-0.02 / -0.1%



















Class A Details: GBFAX



              INCEPTION DATE
            

              GROSS/NET EXPENSES1


12/20/93
1.53%/1.53%
































                Fund Literature
            


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


















							Overview
						



							Performance
						



							Portfolio Analytics
						



							Investment Team
						



							Commentary
						



							Fees & Minimums
						















 

Fund Summary and Key Points
The VanEck Emerging Markets Fund (the "Fund") seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in equity securities in emerging markets around the world.A global emerging markets equity portfolio focused on companies with growth potential at a reasonable price (“GARP”)A bottom-up investment process driven by fundamental research into the sustainability of a company’s growth driversGrowth is oriented toward strong secular stories, many of which reflect domestic demand themes and are often found in smaller-capitalization stocks













Making the Investment Case for Emerging MarketsFund manager Q&A: Emerging markets fundsEmerging Markets Fund: Quarterly Commentary 2Q'17Case for Active Management in Emerging MarketsEmerging Markets Fund Overview


















Fund Details as of 06/30/17


Net Assets (All Classes)
$1459.9M


Number of Holdings
84


Avg. Wtd. Market Cap
$13.8B


Turnover Rate (2016)
49.0%


P/E (LTM) / P/E (Forward)*
18.8 / 15.8


P/B (LTM)*
3.2


Benchmark Index
MSCI EM IMI



*Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio is the price of a stock divided  by its earnings per share. Price-to-Book (P/B) ratio is the ratio of a stock's  price to its book value.


















 


			 
					EM Equity Investment Team
				  
		




David Semple, Portfolio Manager, with Angus Shillington, and Patricia Gonzalez

Photo L to R

David  A.    
 Semple, 
            
              Angus 
 Shillington, 
            
              Patricia  Gonzalez















 

Investment Style Box


This investment style box is based on the Fund's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by VanEck.














Performance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)
                  Month End
                  as of 06/30/17
                  Quarter End
                  as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--
                  Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--*Returns  less than one year are not     annualized.The table presents past  performance  which is no guarantee    of  future results and which may be lower  or higher than  current  performance.   Returns reflect temporary contractual fee  waivers and/or   expense     reimbursements. Had the Fund incurred all expenses  and  fees1,     investment returns would have been reduced.  Expenses:   Class A: Gross 1.53% and   Net 1.53%. Expenses are capped contractually through   05/01/18 at 1.60% for     Class  A. Investment returns and Fund share values  will  fluctuate so that     investors'  shares, when redeemed, may be worth more  or  less than their    original  cost. Fund  returns assume that dividends and   capital gains    distributions have  been  reinvested in the Fund at  NAV. ^The  Fund's inception  date was December 20,  1993, but  prior to   December 18, 2002,  it operated with a  substantially different   investment    strategy.  Specifically,  it invested  primarily in the common  stocks  and  other  equity  securities of  global large-cap  growth companies and  could   invest no   more  than 10% of its  assets in emerging  markets    securities.
















Top 10 Holdings (%) 


Month End as of 06/30/17


Quarter End as of 06/30/17




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




View All Holdings



These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security. Sectors and holdings may vary.














Performance Attribution2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Sector2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Country
















Sector Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17


Sector


% of Net Assets


Financials

23.9


Information Technology

23.1


Consumer Discretionary

21.8


Industrials

7.0


Health Care

6.4


Consumer Staples

6.3


Real Estate

2.8


Telecommunication Services

1.9


Utilities

1.6


Materials

0.5


Cash

4.7


















Country Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17






Country
% of Net Assets




											■
										
China
32.8
#40699c

32.8




											■
										
South Korea
7.8
#215465

7.8




											■
										
India
6.7
#3c8da3

6.7




											■
										
Taiwan
6.6
#a3cd3b

6.6




											■
										
South Africa
5.2
#7f9a48

5.2




											■
										
Brazil
5.0
#d0e796

5.0




											■
										
Mexico
4.8
#79f138

4.8




											■
										
Thailand
3.2
#de886e

3.2




											■
										
Russia
3.2
#652130

3.2




											■
										
Turkey
3.1
#a23b1c

3.1




											■
										
Philippines
2.9
#853649

2.9




											■
										
Indonesia
2.5
#f9f888

2.5




											■
										
Other EM
11.5
#8c792f

11.5




											■
										
Cash
4.7
#d3b32a

4.7
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap











Important Disclosure

Unless otherwise stated, portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares; other classes may have different characteristics.

†NAV: Unless you are eligible for a waiver, the public offering price you pay when you buy Class A shares of the Fund is the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the shares plus an initial sales charge. The initial sales charge varies depending upon the size of your purchase.  No sales charge is imposed where Class A or Class C shares are issued to you pursuant to the automatic investment of income dividends or capital gains distributions. It is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to ensure that the investor obtains the proper “breakpoint” discount. Class C, Class I and Class Y do not have an initial sales charge; however, Class C does charge a contingent deferred redemption charge.  See the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for more information.
1Van Eck Associates Corporation (the “Adviser”) has agreed to waive fees and/or pay Fund expenses to the extent necessary to prevent the operating expenses of the Fund (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, trading expenses, dividends and interest payments on securities sold short, taxes and extraordinary expenses) from exceeding 1.60% for Class A, 2.50% for Class C, 1.00% for Class I, and 1.10% for Class Y of the Fund’s average daily net assets per year until May 1, 2018. During such time, the
        expense limitation is expected to continue until the Board of Trustees acts to discontinue all or a portion of such expense limitation.

2The Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance of emerging markets. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index consists of the following 23 emerging market country indices: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Russia, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
        The MSCI Emerging Markets Investment Market Index (MSCI EM IMI) is a free float adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to capture large-, mid- and small-cap representation across 23 emerging markets countries. Emerging Markets countries include: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Qatar, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
The views and opinions expressed are those of VanEck. Fund manager commentaries are general in nature and should not be construed as investment advice. Opinions are subject to change with market conditions. Any discussion of specific securities mentioned in the commentaries is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy these securities. Fund holdings will vary.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program, not a complete program. The Fund is subject to the risks associated with its investments in emerging markets securities, which tend to be more volatile and less liquid than securities traded in developed countries. The Fund’s investments in foreign securities involve risks related to adverse political and economic developments unique to a country or a region, currency fluctuations or controls, and the possibility of arbitrary action by foreign governments, including the takeover of property without adequate compensation or imposition of prohibitive taxation. The Fund is subject to risks associated with investments in debt securities, derivatives, commodity-linked instruments, illiquid securities, asset-backed securities, CMOs and small or mid-cap companies. The Fund is also subject to inflation risk, short-sales risk, market risk, non-diversification risk and leverage risk. Please see the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for information on these and other risk considerations.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information.  Please read them carefully before investing.


 










Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.










×













	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































