

























Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Shares Sold by Westover Capital Advisors LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Freeport-McMoran Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Freeport-McMoran Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Head-To-Head Contrast: America’s Car-Mart (NASDAQ:CRMT) & Carvana (CVNA)
Brokerages Set HudBay Minerals Inc (HBM) Price Target at $8.00
Head to Head Comparison: Duluth Holdings (DLTH) vs. Gildan Activewear (GIL)
Endo International PLC (ENDP) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Comparing Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE:DECK) and Crocs (CROX)
Planet Fitness (PLNT) & Town Sports International Holdings (NASDAQ:CLUB) Critical Contrast
Dave & Buster’s Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Receives $52.43 Average Price Target from Analysts
Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $739.35 Million
$35.15 Million in Sales Expected for First Financial Corporation Indiana (THFF) This Quarter
Brokerages Anticipate American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.76 Billion
Analysts Expect City Office REIT, Inc. (CIO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $25.98 Million
Dixons Carphone PLC (DC) Announces GBX 7.75 Dividend
AK Steel Holding Corporation (NYSE:AKS) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.55 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts
Brokers Offer Predictions for EQT Corporation’s FY2018 Earnings (NYSE:EQT)
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect United Insurance Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:UIHC) Stock Price
ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) CEO Rohit Kapoor Sells 6,663 Shares
Insider Selling: Kaiser Aluminum Corporation (NASDAQ:KALU) Director Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock
William Blair Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Harley-Davidson, Inc. (HOG)
Bernard Guy Sells 13,293 Shares of BRP Inc (DOO) Stock


 


Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Shares Sold by Westover Capital Advisors LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Westover Capital Advisors LLC lowered its position in shares of Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX) by 46.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 54,644 shares of the natural resource company’s stock after selling 46,826 shares during the period. Westover Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in Freeport-McMoran were worth $730,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new position in Freeport-McMoran during the first quarter worth $222,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Freeport-McMoran by 46.2% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 14,757,919 shares of the natural resource company’s stock worth $197,166,000 after buying an additional 4,662,665 shares during the period. Parkwood LLC increased its stake in shares of Freeport-McMoran by 380.3% in the first quarter. Parkwood LLC now owns 80,541 shares of the natural resource company’s stock worth $1,076,000 after buying an additional 63,773 shares in the last quarter. ARP Americas LLC bought a new stake in shares of Freeport-McMoran during the first quarter worth about $150,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Freeport-McMoran during the fourth quarter worth about $2,632,000. 69.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Shares of Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE FCX) traded down 0.38% on Monday, hitting $12.96. The stock had a trading volume of 14,699,088 shares. The company has a market cap of $18.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 69.30 and a beta of 2.55. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $12.04 and its 200-day moving average is $13.18. Freeport-McMoran, Inc. has a one year low of $9.24 and a one year high of $17.06. 


 Get Freeport-McMoran Inc. alerts:



Freeport-McMoran (NYSE:FCX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The natural resource company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.16 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $3.34 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.51 billion. Freeport-McMoran had a net margin of 1.11% and a return on equity of 7.97%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 5.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.16) earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Freeport-McMoran, Inc. will post $1.01 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Shares Sold by Westover Capital Advisors LLC” was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/freeport-mcmoran-inc-fcx-shares-sold-by-westover-capital-advisors-llc-updated.html. 
A number of analysts recently issued reports on FCX shares. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Freeport-McMoran in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Vetr downgraded Freeport-McMoran from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.64 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their target price on Freeport-McMoran from $16.00 to $14.50 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. ValuEngine upgraded Freeport-McMoran from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $13.00 target price (down from $14.00) on shares of Freeport-McMoran in a research report on Sunday, June 25th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.77.
About Freeport-McMoran
Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) is a mining company. The Company operates through geographical assets with proven and probable reserves of copper, gold and molybdenum, and traded copper producer. The Company’s segments include refined copper products, copper in concentrate, gold, molybdenum, oil and other. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Freeport-McMoran Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Freeport-McMoran Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































	WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS Trademark of Westover Capital Advisors, LLC. Serial Number: 78882072 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS










 
Get FREE email alerts













WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS  Trademark Information
 Westover Capital Advisors, LLC
Investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark by Westover Capital Advisors, LLC 
                                in Wilmington, DE, 19801.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Westover Capital Advisors, LLC of the WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark.
                           






On Friday, May 12, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS by 
                        Westover Capital Advisors, LLC, Wilmington, DE  19801.
                        The USPTO has given the WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS 
                        trademark serial  number of  78882072.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS is 
                        
                        
                                            Jennifer Fraser of 
                                            CONNOLLY BOVE LODGE & HUTZ LLP,  PO BOX 2207, WILMINGTON DE 19899-2207 
                                .
                            The WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS 
                            is Investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

9/21/2012



  Serial Number:  
78882072


  Filing Date:  
5/12/2006


 Registration Number:  
3215722 


 Registration Date:  
3/6/2007


 Goods and Services: 
Investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/19/2006


Last Applicant/Owner:

Westover Capital Advisors, LLCWilmington, DE  19801
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL ADVISORS")


 Correspondent:


Jennifer Fraser
CONNOLLY BOVE LODGE & HUTZ LLP
PO BOX 2207
WILMINGTON DE 19899-2207






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/1/2000


First Use In Commerce: 
3/1/2000





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/21/2012
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Jennifer Fraser


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search westovercapitaladvis on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS 




WESTOVER CAPITAL ADVISORS is providing Investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Westover Capital Advisors 1013 Centre Rd Wilmington, DE Financial Planners - MapQuest







































































































    Westover Capital Advisors
  

1013 Centre Rd

Wilmington
DE
19805




 Reviews



(302) 427-9600
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help

























Home - Westover Capital Advisors

























































 

 





 











 


Focused on You. 

 



Thoughtful Advice. 

 



Innovative Solutions. 

 



Committed to You. 

 
 
1
2
3
4













Welcome to Westover Capital
Founded in 1999, Westover Capital Advisors is an independent, privately-owned investment and wealth management firm with a commitment to protect and grow our clients’ assets. We guide individuals, families and foundations with consistently thoughtful advice and sophisticated investment management to enable them to build and enjoy fulfilling lives for themselves, their families and their charitable interests.
We are an SEC-registered investment advisory firm with clients who hail from the East to the West Coast. We accept no compensation for product sales. We earn no sales commissions. We are neither stock brokers, financial consultants nor financial advisors. We are registered investment advisors. As such, and by law, we have a fiduciary relationship with our clients. This means we have a fundamental obligation to act in the best interests of our clients and to provide investment advice in our clients' best interests. We owe our clients a duty of undivided loyalty and utmost good faith. Always.
At Westover, our belief is that as we advise and manage a client's portfolio it should reflect where they are today as well as where they want to go tomorrow. In addition, our advisors have the responsibility to be aware of the unique circumstances that apply to each and every one of our clients. We are both mindful of and humbled by our role as our client's trusted advisor. From the time of our founding to the present, we have worked with individuals to create customized portfolios and to manage them in a way designed to optimize their probability for success.
Westover's advisory services are best suited for clients with $1 million or more in assets. We invite you to have a confidential conversation with us.




			
			Learn More About Us		







Download Our Brochure



Suggested Reading








Featured Articles






 







 


















Contact - Westover Capital Advisors




























































 

 





 













 


Contact Us 

 
 
1













Thank you for your interest in Westover Capital Advisors. Westover services are best suited to clients with $1 million or more in investable assets. For a confidential discussion of our services, please call or email Matt Beardwood, Director of Wealth Management, at 302-427-9600 or matt@westovercapital.com.
For general inquiries, please submit your request by completing the following information.

 
Your Name
 
 Your Email
 
 Subject
 
 Message
 
 








 


														Mailing Address													
					
											1013 Centre RoadSuite 405Wilmington, DE 19805					
									



 


														Phone													
					
											(302) 427-9600					
									



 


														Email													
					
											contact@westovercapital.com					
									




Visit Our Office



 









 


















Home - Westover Capital Advisors

























































 

 





 











 


Focused on You. 

 



Thoughtful Advice. 

 



Innovative Solutions. 

 



Committed to You. 

 
 
1
2
3
4













Welcome to Westover Capital
Founded in 1999, Westover Capital Advisors is an independent, privately-owned investment and wealth management firm with a commitment to protect and grow our clients’ assets. We guide individuals, families and foundations with consistently thoughtful advice and sophisticated investment management to enable them to build and enjoy fulfilling lives for themselves, their families and their charitable interests.
We are an SEC-registered investment advisory firm with clients who hail from the East to the West Coast. We accept no compensation for product sales. We earn no sales commissions. We are neither stock brokers, financial consultants nor financial advisors. We are registered investment advisors. As such, and by law, we have a fiduciary relationship with our clients. This means we have a fundamental obligation to act in the best interests of our clients and to provide investment advice in our clients' best interests. We owe our clients a duty of undivided loyalty and utmost good faith. Always.
At Westover, our belief is that as we advise and manage a client's portfolio it should reflect where they are today as well as where they want to go tomorrow. In addition, our advisors have the responsibility to be aware of the unique circumstances that apply to each and every one of our clients. We are both mindful of and humbled by our role as our client's trusted advisor. From the time of our founding to the present, we have worked with individuals to create customized portfolios and to manage them in a way designed to optimize their probability for success.
Westover's advisory services are best suited for clients with $1 million or more in assets. We invite you to have a confidential conversation with us.




			
			Learn More About Us		







Download Our Brochure



Suggested Reading








Featured Articles






 







 














﻿




























Westover Capital Advisors LLC Acquires 19,979 Shares of BB&T Corporation (BBT) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for BB&T Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor BB&T Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:BCLI) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Whitman Howard
Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Costain Group PLC (COST)
FinnCap Reiterates Corporate Rating for Elecosoft PLC (ELCO)
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Tmx Group Limited (X) Issued By National Bank Financial
Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for Accesso Technology Group PLC (ACSO)
WageWorks, Inc. (WAGE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Under Armour, Inc. (UAA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc.
Baader Bank Reiterates €20.00 Price Target for Patrizia Immobilien (SWX:P1Z)
Magellan Petroleum Corporation (NASDAQ:TELL) Short Interest Up 84.3% in June
Munchener Ruckvers (AMS:MEURV) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
Vantiv, Inc. (NYSE:VNTV) Lifted to Buy at Guggenheim
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Teladoc, Inc. (NYSE:TDOC) to Sell
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
Wacker Neuson SE (ETR:WAC) Given a €30.00 Price Target at Hauck & Aufhaeuser
Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€89.00” Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN)
Peugeot SA (EPA:UG) Given a €18.00 Price Target at UBS AG



 


Westover Capital Advisors LLC Acquires 19,979 Shares of BB&T Corporation (BBT)

					Posted by Stan Pace on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Westover Capital Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  BB&T Corporation (NYSE:BBT) by 45.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 64,302 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 19,979 shares during the period. BB&T Corporation comprises about  1.9% of Westover Capital Advisors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Westover Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in BB&T Corporation were worth $2,874,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of BBT. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  BB&T Corporation by 3.2% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 54,194,703 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,422,504,000 after buying an additional 1,656,297 shares during the last quarter.  BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of  BB&T Corporation by 2,875.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 47,331,820 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,115,732,000 after buying an additional 45,740,906 shares during the last quarter.  First Eagle Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  BB&T Corporation by 2.6% in the first quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 15,618,624 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $698,152,000 after buying an additional 403,087 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in shares of  BB&T Corporation by 0.3% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 12,766,336 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $570,655,000 after buying an additional 43,867 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, American Century Companies Inc. increased its stake in shares of  BB&T Corporation by 6.0% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 8,683,308 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $388,144,000 after buying an additional 489,519 shares during the last quarter. 64.23% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get BB&T Corporation alerts:



Shares of BB&T Corporation (NYSE BBT) opened at 46.28 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $44.34 and a 200 day moving average of $45.09. The stock has a market cap of $37.55 billion, a PE ratio of 18.09 and a beta of 1.06. BB&T Corporation has a 52 week low of $36.19 and a 52 week high of $49.88. 




BB&T Corporation (NYSE:BBT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The insurance provider reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.77. BB&T Corporation had a net margin of 19.57% and a return on equity of 9.62%. The business had revenue of $2.86 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.89 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.71 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  BB&T Corporation will post $2.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
BB&T Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has initiated a stock buyback plan on Wednesday, June 28th that authorizes the company to repurchase $1.88 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the insurance provider to reacquire up to 5.2% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase plans are typically an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Westover Capital Advisors LLC Acquires 19,979 Shares of BB&T Corporation (BBT)” was originally  published by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/westover-capital-advisors-llc-acquires-19979-shares-of-bbt-corporation-bbt.html. 
BBT has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. BidaskClub raised shares of BB&T Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 10th. FBR & Co  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of BB&T Corporation in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of BB&T Corporation in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Hilliard Lyons raised shares of BB&T Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $51.00 to $49.00 in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of BB&T Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $47.21.
BB&T Corporation Company Profile
BB&T Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its business operations primarily through its bank subsidiary, Branch Banking and Trust Company (Branch Bank), and other nonbank subsidiaries. Its segments include Community Banking, Residential Mortgage Banking, Dealer Financial Services, Specialized Lending, Insurance Holdings and Financial Services.







Receive News & Ratings for BB&T Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BB&T Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 












































WESTOVER CAPITAL, LLC - SOUTHLAKE, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



SOUTHLAKE



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            WESTOVER CAPITAL, LLC
                                    



 





















W 


WESTOVER CAPITAL, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1110 E STATE HIGHWAY 114 # 200 SOUTHLAKE, TX 76092
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts TOM EUDALY






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Westover Capital, Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 1110 E State Highway 114 # 200 in Southlake. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $100,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Westover Capital Advisors, LLC | Wealthminder











































Westover Capital Advisors, LLC


Westover Capital Advisors, LLC
(CRD# 126520) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Wilmington, DE.
They
manage $193,836,520 in 379 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 6 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Westover Capital Advisors, LLC




1013 Centre Rd,, Suite 405,
Wilmington,
DE
19805
302-427-9600
http://www.westovercapital.com




http://www.westovercapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

194
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

379
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$511,442







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CT, DE, MD, NC, NJ, PA






Financial Advisors at Westover Capital Advisors, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Harold M. Sawyer,iii



CRD#:
5562480



1013 Centre Rd,, Suite 405,
Wilmington,
DE
19805




90

Wealthminder
score








Harold Sawyer,iii (CRD# 5562480) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westover Capital Advisors, LLC in Wilmington, DE and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






2















H. M. Sawyer, Jr.



CRD#:
4650269



1013 Centre Rd, Suite 405,
Wilmington,
DE
19805




87

Wealthminder
score








H. Sawyer, Jr. (CRD# 4650269) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westover Capital Advisors, LLC in Wilmington, DE and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














