










 


﻿

























Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for HD Supply Holdings Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor HD Supply Holdings Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Wal-Mart de Mexico SAB de CV (OTCMKTS:WMMVY) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 3,605 Shares of Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI)
Corus Entertainment Inc. (TSE:CJR.B) Price Target Raised to C$13.50 at CIBC
Just Group PLC’s (LON:JUST) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd (TSE:FFH)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Acquires 1,427 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (NASDAQ:DISH)
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS)
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Shares Bought by Peoples Financial Services CORP.
National Pension Service Boosts Stake in ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG)
13,700 Shares in Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Acquired by Palo Capital Inc.
Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Position Boosted by Windward Capital Management Co. CA
Celgene Corporation (CELG) is American National Insurance Co. TX’s 7th Largest Position
American National Insurance Co. TX Has $7,923,000 Stake in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)
American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Has $764,000 Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM)
American National Insurance Co. TX Has $5,282,000 Stake in Expedia, Inc. (EXPE)
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Stake Maintained by American National Insurance Co. TX
Danaher Corporation (DHR) Position Cut by American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc.
American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Maintains Position in Morgan Stanley (MS)
American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Holds Stake in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)
$0.09 EPS Expected for News Corporation (NWSA) This Quarter


 


Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HDS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 9,125 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $279,000. 
Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of HD Supply Holdings by 11.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 25,400,170 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,044,582,000 after buying an additional 2,661,459 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HD Supply Holdings by 2.6% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 15,611,224 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $642,012,000 after buying an additional 400,921 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HD Supply Holdings by 17,050.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,197,945 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $337,140,000 after buying an additional 8,150,145 shares in the last quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership boosted its stake in shares of HD Supply Holdings by 1.9% in the first quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership now owns 5,031,231 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $206,909,000 after buying an additional 95,161 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of HD Supply Holdings by 7.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,363,655 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $179,456,000 after buying an additional 310,029 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.97% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) opened at 31.98 on Friday. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. has a 1-year low of $28.97 and a 1-year high of $44.73. The company has a market cap of $6.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.99 and a beta of 1.40. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.78. 


 Get HD Supply Holdings Inc. alerts:



HD Supply Holdings (NASDAQ:HDS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, June 6th. The industrial products company reported $0.63 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $1.87 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.86 billion. HD Supply Holdings had a net margin of 3.92% and a return on equity of 58.13%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.51 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that HD Supply Holdings, Inc. will post $2.10 EPS for the current year. 
HD Supply Holdings declared that its board has initiated a stock repurchase program on Tuesday, June 6th that authorizes the company to buyback $500.00 million in outstanding shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the industrial products company to reacquire shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock buyback programs are often an indication that the company’s board believes its stock is undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/westbourne-investment-advisors-inc-buys-shares-of-9125-hd-supply-holdings-inc-hds-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently weighed in on HDS shares. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective on shares of HD Supply Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Morgan Stanley lowered HD Supply Holdings from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $46.00 to $36.00 in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded HD Supply Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $33.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, June 9th. ValuEngine downgraded HD Supply Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 7th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton downgraded HD Supply Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $50.00 to $37.00 in a report on Wednesday, June 7th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating, ten have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $40.50.
About HD Supply Holdings
HD Supply Holdings, Inc is an industrial distributor in North America. The Company’s segments include Facilities Maintenance, Waterworks, Construction & Industrial-White Cap, and Corporate. As of January 29, 2017, the Company operated through approximately 500 locations across 48 states in the United States and six Canadian provinces. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for HD Supply Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HD Supply Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿
























Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Xylem Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xylem Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL)
Nottingham Advisors Inc. Holds Stake in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC)
B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management Cuts Stake in Oclaro, Inc. (NASDAQ:OCLR)
Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Reduces Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO)
Regent Investment Management LLC Decreases Stake in Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV)
Regent Investment Management LLC Reduces Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)
McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Shares Bought by Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank
Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Acquires Shares of 15,076 T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (TROW)
Asante Solutions’ (PUMP) Buy Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies
J Kevin Gilligan Sells 2,000 Shares of Capella Education Company (CPLA) Stock
Inphi Corporation (IPHI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Insider Selling: WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. (WVE) Insider Sells 7,414 Shares of Stock
Analysts Set Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AIMT) PT at $36.25
BMO Capital Markets Cuts Resolute Energy Corporation (REN) Price Target to $35.00
Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Downgraded by Barclays PLC
Morgan Stanley Analysts Give RWE AG (RWE) a €20.40 Price Target
Barclays PLC (BCS) Earns “Buy” Rating from Morgan Stanley
Antero Midstream GP (AMGP) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.03
Rockwell Collins’ (COL) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Semtech Corporation (SMTC) VP Sells $140,550.00 in Stock


 


Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Xylem Inc. (XYL)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 6,120 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $339,000. 
Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Asset Planning Services Ltd. increased its position in Xylem by 0.3% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 2,107 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in Xylem by 96.1% in the first quarter. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. now owns 2,345 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 1,149 shares during the period. Cribstone Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Xylem by 1,214.6% in the first quarter. Cribstone Capital Management LLC now owns 2,432 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 2,247 shares during the period. CENTRAL TRUST Co boosted its position in Xylem by 160.3% in the second quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 2,655 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 1,635 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FNY Partners Fund LP bought a new position in Xylem during the first quarter worth $151,000. 85.91% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of Xylem Inc. (XYL) opened at 56.87 on Friday. Xylem Inc. has a 12-month low of $45.60 and a 12-month high of $57.85. The company’s 50-day moving average is $55.16 and its 200-day moving average is $51.17. The stock has a market cap of $10.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.91 and a beta of 1.18. 


 Get Xylem Inc. alerts:



Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.01. Xylem had a net margin of 6.75% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The firm had revenue of $1.07 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.35 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 26.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Xylem Inc. will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/6120-shares-in-xylem-inc-xyl-acquired-by-westbourne-investment-advisors-inc-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $58.00 price target on shares of Xylem and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. CIBC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Xylem in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Boenning Scattergood reissued a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price objective on shares of Xylem in a research report on Wednesday, June 7th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $56.85.
In other Xylem news, Director Steven R. Loranger sold 66,132 shares of Xylem stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.01, for a total transaction of $3,637,921.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 65,030 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,577,300.30. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of Xylem stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total value of $709,068.80. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 21,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,057,560. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.75% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Xylem Company Profile
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Xylem Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Certified Financial Advisor & Retirement Planner Westbourne


























Blog







Westbourne Investments







2nd Quarter
Commentary
Market Update 4/11/2017
Click Here For Details


Retire
Confidently
Financial Plan
Click Here For Details


Peace
Of Mind
Fee Only Investment Management 
Click Here For Details


Financial
Insight
Custom Financial Analysis
Click Here For Details


Invest
Wisely
With Ariba Asset Management 
Click Here For Details


 
 





Welcome to Westbourne Investments
Fee Only Financial Advisors Alexandria VA - Offering Retirement Planning & Investment Management Services in Virginia



Build a plan to achieve your dreams. We are here to guide your financial plan and manage your investments.
         
        





 



Free portfolio review
Speak with an Advisor about your Retirement Goals











 










Safe Harbor Financial Plan
Core Benefits:

Specific to Retirees
Built to fit Your Needs
Personal Meetings
Results Driven

Learn More Now!







Custom Financial Analysis

Personal Wealth Timeline
Dependable Income Method 
Portfolio Reality Check
Social Security Solution
Financial Dashboard

Learn More Now!







Investment Management

Custom Built for Your Risk
Professionally Managed
Statements Available on Phone or Computer
Income Strategies Available
Flat Fee Pricing Included

Learn More Now!






Our Best Assets Are Our Team




Robert Long




ROLF ROSSNER




MICHAEL DEL COLLIANO




Aditya Bhatnagar




HANK PRAMOV




NATHAN GARCIA




PATRICK WALSH




RICK PICON




Alexandria Financial Services - Retirement Plans - Investment Advisors Virginia

















About Us











 Our philosophy is to preserve and enhance the purchasing power of our clients' capital over time.  Asset allocation is critical to the success of each portfolio and contributes to long term investment results.We believe that common stock ownership provides the best opportunity for investors to achieve solid long term results.  We seek to achieve superior long term results by purchasing stocks of growing, financially sound companies at a discount to our assessment of their intrinsic value.  This active style of asset management is most often categorized as Value or GARP (Growth At a Reasonable Price).  Appropriate, well-researched fixed income securities and Master Limited Partnership units are used to produce income while reducing volatility.7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038Investment PhilosophyWestbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.









﻿






























Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

FinnCap Raises STM Group Plc (LON:STM) Price Target to GBX 60
Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) Given New $218.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
Textron Inc. (TXT) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”
California Water  Service Group Holding (CWT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Cosan Limited (NYSE:CZZ) Upgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (NYSE:CIG) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Gocompare.Com Group PLC (LON:GOCO) PT Raised to GBX 120 at Peel Hunt
Vivendi SA (NASDAQ:VIVHY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) Rating Reiterated by B. Riley
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) PT Lowered to $23.00
Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €140.00 by Berenberg Bank
Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage on Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (NYSE:TD)
Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd (AAV) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Buys Shares of 2,435 Kansas City Southern (NYSE:KSU)
Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) CEO Sells $4,999,536.76 in Stock
Callidus Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:CALD) Insider Leslie Stretch Sells 104,509 Shares
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Lumbard & Kellner LLC Acquires Shares of 5,020 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP)







Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) insider Brian J. Blaser sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, July 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.00, for a total value of $750,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 143,154 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,157,700. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) traded down 1.00% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $49.61. The stock had a trading volume of 5,688,266 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $48.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.04. The company has a market cap of $86.09 billion, a P/E ratio of 69.48 and a beta of 1.07. Abbott Laboratories has a 1-year low of $37.38 and a 1-year high of $51.13. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.60 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.55 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.49 EPS for the current fiscal year. 





The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.14%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio  is 149.30%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/abbott-laboratories-nyseabt-insider-sells-750000-00-in-stock.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently commented on ABT shares. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $41.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Friday, July 21st. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $57.00 target price (up from $52.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, Guggenheim started coverage on Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. They set a “buy” rating and a $58.00 target price for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $52.13.
Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 37.9% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 2,531 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the first quarter worth $112,000.  Winfield Associates Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 3.9% in the second quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 2,382 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 89 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth $120,000.  Finally, First Command Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 10.2% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,787 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 257 shares in the last quarter. 71.08% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 



















































Investment Process
















EquitiesWe seek high quality domestic and international companies with characteristics that include superior earnings growth potential, moderate and declining debt levels, global competitive advantages within growing markets, free cash flow, and above average return on equity.   We also use research data provided directly by investment firms and the results of fundamental in-house analyses based on a plethora of sources, including the internet, magazines, newspapers, journals, brokerages, federal government publications, and corporate releases. We also monitor corporate insider activities. Providing the professional services you need at affordable prices. Locally owned and operated since 1993.Investment Process Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038Fixed  IncomeWestbourne purchases high quality bonds and exchange traded fixed income securities to provide balance for client portfolios and to generate current income.  Maturities for fixed income investments rarely exceed five years.  Westbourne also buys carefully selected income-oriented equities, including Master Limited Partnerships, Real Estate Investment trusts, and royalty trusts.  A number of these alternative income investments have tax advantages that enhance income returns while providing useful portfolio diversification.After Westbourne identifies superior companies, we seek to purchase and hold their securities for extended time periods -- often three to five years.  It is our belief that this buy and hold strategy usually outperforms attempts to time the market.  Besides reducing asset turnover, this strategy also typically lowers income tax liability.  Some portfolio rebalancing does occur, but turnover in client accounts (usually less than 30% annually) is low by industry standards.

















Home














Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc. (WIA), located in Bethesda, Maryland, is a Registered Investment Advisor that provides a personalized approach to developing and managing client investment portfolios. Prior to managing a portfolio we review a client's investment goals and return objectives to determine a suitable asset allocation.  Key factors in portfolio construction include a client's age, income requirements, income tax picture, estate planning objectives, and risk tolerance.Our commitment is to the ongoing supervision of a limited number of client portfolios.  Managing no pooled assets gives our advisors greater flexibility in account supervision.  The close relationship with our clients aids us in selecting the most suitable investments to achieve each client's desired investment results.7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038Westbourne -- A Personalized Approach 1HomePhilosophyInvestment ProcessAsset ManagementOur TeamAdvisory BoardContact UsCurrent NewsletterWestbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc. (WIA) is a registered investment advisor offering services in the States of Florida, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Virginia; the District of Columbia; and in other jurisdictions where exempted from notice filing.  Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training.  The presence of this website on the internet shall not be directly or indirectly interpreted as a solicitation of investment advisory services to persons of another jurisdiction unless otherwise permitted by statute.  Follow-up or individualized responses to consumers in a particular state by WIA in the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation shall not be made without our first complying with jurisdiction requirements or pursuant to an applicable state exemption.All written content on this site is for information purposes only.  Opinions expressed herein are solely those of WIA, unless otherwise specified.  Material presented is believed to be from reliable sources and no representations are made by our firm as to another party's informational accuracy or completeness.  All information or ideas provided should be discussed in detail with an advisor, accountant, or legal consultant prior to implementation.

















services














Our Team1HomePhilosophyInvestment ProcessAsset ManagementOur TeamAdvisory BoardContact UsCurrent Newsletter7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038   David H. CunninghamPresident, Chief Investment Officer & DirectorBefore joining Westbourne, David was a Senior Portfolio Manager and Vice President at Foxhall Capital Management (formerly Nye, Parnell & Emerson) for 11 years. He also served for five years as Vice President and Chief Investment Officer at Potomac Asset Management.  David began his investment management career as a stockbroker in Washington DC with Hornblower and Weeks.  He later joined American Security Bank where he was promoted to Trust Investment Officer prior to joining Thomson McKinnon Securities Investment Advisory Division where he served as a Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager.  David has been actively involved with the Washington Society of Investment Analysts.  He has served as an advisory board member of the Washington Hospital Center and as a board member of the Friends of the Torpedo Factory Arts Center in Alexandria, VA. David graduated from the University of Virginia with a B.A. in history.Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.Before joining Westbourne, Scot served as Co-Chief Investment Officer of the Bay Bridge TMT Value Fund and Chief Financial Officer of Bay Bridge Capital Management.  Prior to that Scot worked at Legg Mason Capital Management from 1999-2006 and was a generalist for multiple industries, including retail, supermarkets, IT services, brokerages, and technology. From 2001-2006, he served as telecommunications analyst with coverage of $5.5 billion in assets under management for proprietary mutual funds Legg Mason Value Trust, Special Investment Trust, and Opportunity Trust.  From 1996-1999, Scot was a Financial Analyst with Legg Mason Inc. in the Financial Administration department, responsible for corporate projects including strategic analysis and business development for Legg Mason Inc., risk management for the taxable fixed income trading desk of Legg Mason Wood Walker, and financial modeling of Legg Mason Inc. subsidiaries and departments. From 1989-1996, Scot was a Senior Engineer at Newport News Shipbuilding, where he performed technical and quantitative analyses of nuclear power plant systems of the CVN68 Class aircraft carriers.  Scot received a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Virginia Tech in 1989, and a MBA with honors from the College of William and Mary in 1996.  Scot was awarded the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2000 and is a member of the CFA Society of Washington DC..Before joining Westbourne Bruce served as Chief Operating Officer of Bay Bridge Capital Management.  Bruce was employed as a securities broker with Deutsche Banc Alex Brown Employee Brokerage Services from 1998-2002. Bruce served both local and international DBAB employees with transactions in equities, bonds, options, mutual funds, and foreign currencies.  Prior to becoming a Series 7 licensed securities broker in 1998, Bruce worked as a registered sales assistant in Alex Brown’s High Net Worth brokerage group beginning in 1995.  From 2002 until his joining Bay Bridge Capital Management, Bruce analyzed publicly traded companies for purpose of investment. Bruce received a Master of Science in Finance from Loyola College in Maryland in 1998 and a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with minors in Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry from the University of Denver in 1994.Bruce S. Kromminga         Vice President  Scot E. Labin, CFA      Director of Research

















Contact Us














7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103Bethesda, MD  20814Phone: 301-656-9038Fax: 301-656-9037E-Mail:  david@westbourneinvadvisors.comOffice Hours: Monday - Friday 9:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M.Directions:- By Auto:  Parking in building garage located on left side                    of building- By Metrorail:    Take Red Line to Bethesda Station --                           Exit the station, turn right on Wisconsin                           Avenue, and walk four blocks.  Office is located                            in the Artery Plaza Building (7200                                                      Wisconsin Avenue).Contact Us1HomePhilosophyInvestment ProcessAsset ManagementOur TeamAdvisory BoardContact UsCurrent Newsletter7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.

















Current Newsletter














1HomePhilosophyInvestment ProcessAsset ManagementOur TeamAdvisory BoardContact UsCurrent Newsletter“The sources of deflation are not a mystery. Deflation is in almost all cases a side effect of a collapse of aggregate demand…a drop in spending so severe that producers must cut prices on an ongoing basis in order to find buyers…the basic prescription for preventing deflation is straightforward, at least in principle: Use monetary and fiscal policy as needed to support aggregate spending, in a manner as nearly consistent as possible with full utilization of economic resources and low and stable inflation. In other words, the best way to get out of trouble is not to get into it in the first place.”- Ben Bernanke“If inflation is the genie, then deflation is the ogre that must be fought decisively” - IMF director Christine LagardeUS EQUITY MARKETS - IGNORING THE SPEED BUMPSWhile there were numerous stories dominating headlines in 2Q17, very few had any impact on the equity markets’ continued gradual ascension. The Federal Reserve hiking of interest rates had no impact other than a flattening of the yield curve which created a decline in long-term rates. Testimony by the ex-FBI Director on being fired and calls for ‘impeachment’, Korean firing of ballistic missiles, and numerous terrorist attacks in the UK and France had no impact. Conclusion: the US Economy is strong and the financial system is extremely healthy, as discussed below.Not all came up roses in 2Q: there was a continued drubbing of oil prices as OPEC failed to implement further production cuts, which caused most stocks in the oil sector to trade down. In addition, the New York Fed estimated that the current GDP growth is 1.6%, well below its goal of 2%+ and President Trump’s goal of 3%+. Lastly, news of Amazon’s intention to acquire Whole Foods rippled through an already-battered retail sector, causing investors to fear anything retail-related, be it grocery, apparel, automotive replacement stores, and drugstores. The fear with these retailers is a slow death of their business models from price deflation, which is one of the dragons which the Federal Reserve seeks to slay and is, in our view, one of the most significant threats to the ebullient stock market. We discuss this below as well.Despite these positives and negatives, the overall stock market valuation remains inexpensive, especially when compared to alternatives (ie fixed income, commercial real estate) and we continue to identify individual equities which trade at significant discounts to intrinsic value.PRICE DEFLATION – THE DOUBLE-EDGED In 1984, as a freshman at Virginia Tech in Engineering, I was required to purchase an IBM portable PC for $3,100. The memory and processing power (256kB RAM, Intel 8088 @4.77MHz, weight: 30 lbs!) could be replicated today for less than $100. Long distance calls were $0.25/ minute vs. sub-$0.01 now. Consider the cost of Uber relative to a comparable taxi fare. These are classic examples of deflation - contrast this with such inflationary costs of education, healthcare, autos, concert tickets, and housing.While deflation benefits the consumer by increasing their purchasing power, it is generally a negative for business. Retailers increase sales and gain operating leverage by (i) selling more units; at (ii) higher prices than prior periods. However, if a retailer sells 5% more units at 5% lower prices, sales are flat and it is unlikely that profits increase, unless they are able to attain leverage from technological efficiency and/ or lower wages. Even if they are successful with such improvements, unless pricing power improves, such earnings growth will be short-lived. Technological efficiency is the primary reason we have witnessed so little inflation (as measured by the Consumer Price Index, CPI) and wage inflation over the last few years. Automation replacing headcount.The pain of deflation has hit the economics of a number of businesses quite significantly. Kroger recently announced that food deflation had crushed its already low operating margins. Macy’s indicated that its ability to raise prices on apparel and items such as handbags resulted in lower earnings and a number of layoffs. Best Buy reduced its inventory of CDs drastically and I recently purchased a CD there for $5.99 which had once priced at $12.99. Molson Coors indicated that beer pricing had declined, causing the company to reduce earnings estimates. Amazon.com has been one driver of this deflation with its superior model of goods distribution and recently announced that it was entering the grocery business by purchasing Whole Foods. Again, this will bode well for the consumer’s purchasing power but likely at the expense of the profits of Kroger, Albertsons, and Safeway.While the above seems quite negative, we believe that not all retailers are doomed by the likes of deflation. The business model of the “dollar stores” such as Dollar Tree seems to be able to withstand the online threats of Amazon.com and Walmart.com, given the low purchase price of their items. CVS, a retailer with a pharmacy and a PBM (Pharmacy Benefit Manager), also has a business model which we believe is intact and yet the valuation assumes the worst (13x cash earnings).Thoughts of inflation often conjures up negative images of the hyperinflation which occurred during the 1970s Nixon/ Carter administrations (11% in 1979, and 12% in 1980!) which put a crunch on the wealth and purchasing power of all Americans. However, moderate inflation is actually a positive as it does not significantly impair purchasing power. A bright note is recent commentary by the Fed that they believe moderate inflation will continue: “On a 12-month basis, inflation has declined recently and, like the measure excluding food and energy prices, is running somewhat below 2%...expected to remain somewhat below 2% in the near term but to stabilize around the Committee’s 2% objective over the medium term.”1BANKS: TOO BIG TO FAIL? QUITE THE CONTRARY - TOO PROFITABLE TO RETAIN CAPITAL…..The most significant occurrence in Q217 was the Federal Reserve’s annual stress test on the capital of the ”Bank Holding Companies/ BHCs”, aka financial institutions that are “too big to fail.” Recall that the fundamental bank model is to employ bank-owned capital and using the liabilities (customer deposits) to fund the assets (client loans, mortgages), and use this capital to cover any losses which occur from loan defaults.In 2007, the banking crisis decimated the excess capital held by the BHCs, resulting in the financial crisis, a plunge of the stock market, bailouts, and $200 Billion of penalties and lawsuits levied on the BHCs for bad behavior. In the interim, the Fed imposed significantly higher capital requirements on the BHCs, and the majority of earnings of the last 10 years have been retained by these institutions in order to increase capital reserves.For the first time in 10 years, the Fed approved the stress tests of all the BHCs, tests that assumed certain dire scenarios and determined the capital adequacy of the BHCs. In layman terms, the Fed said “All of you BHCs are strong enough to withstand another shock like 2007, and you now have our permission to return excess capital to shareholders via stock repurchases and dividend increases.” This is a HUGE change of tone. Citigroup doubled its dividend. Bank of America, Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan all announced multi-billion dollar buybacks and dividend increases.The subtle point is this: the financial infrastructure is much stronger than ever and capitalism is tan, rested, and ready. We own a handful of the financials, and believe they remain undervalued with significant growth opportunities ahead of them.CONCLUDING THOUGHTSDespite all of the speed bumps which the markets witnessed in the second quarter, we maintain constructive on both the valuations of US equities and short-term bonds, as warranted. The Federal Reserves “annual stress test checkup” of the banks indicated that the US financial system has healed and is in good shape, which removes one of the bearish cases of a general market decline. While we are concerned with the impact of deflation on some companies, particularly those with slower growth, we seek to identify companies with economic moats to protect them from such pressures.We wish you a happy summer and look forward to hearing from you with any questions. With best regards,David H. CunninghamPresidentScot Labin, CFADirector of ResearchBruce KrommingaVice President______________________1 Federal Reserve press release, June 14, 2017.7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103, Bethesda, MD  20814  Tel:  (301) 656-9038Westbourne Investment Advisors, Inc.July 13, 2017WESTBOURNE INVESTMENT ADVISORS, INC.INVESTMENT PERSPECTIVEThird Quarter 2017












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. | Wealthminder











































Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc.


Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc.
(CRD# 144571) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Bethesda, MD.
They
manage $133,698,213 in 294 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 7 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc.




7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814
301-656-9038
http://www.westbourneinvadvisors.com/




http://www.westbourneinvadvisors.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

134
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

294
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$454,756







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




DC, FL, MD, NY, PA, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc.




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















David B. Bath



CRD#:
2315776



7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




93

Wealthminder
score








David Bath (CRD# 2315776) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Harold L. Reem



CRD#:
5377366



7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




93

Wealthminder
score








Harold Reem (CRD# 5377366) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 8 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Scot E. Labin



CRD#:
2726188



7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




90

Wealthminder
score








Scot Labin (CRD# 2726188) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. in Bethesda, MD and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Bruce S. Kromminga



CRD#:
2575804



7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




83

Wealthminder
score








Bruce Kromminga (CRD# 2575804) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















David H. Cunningham



CRD#:
839378



7200 Wisconsin Ave., Ste. 1103,
Bethesda,
MD
20814




68

Wealthminder
score








David Cunningham (CRD# 839378) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. in Bethesda, MD and has 
over 33 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































