






























West Oak Capital LLC Sells 25 Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (CDK) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for CDK Global Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CDK Global Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

First PREMIER Bank Sells 2,334 Shares of MDU Resources Group, Inc. (MDU)
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 25 Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (CDK)
Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Shares Bought by West Oak Capital LLC
First PREMIER Bank Has $261,000 Position in Workiva Inc. (WK)
Wesbanco Bank Inc. Cuts Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)
Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Shares Bought by West Oak Capital LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Stake in Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores S.A. (NYSE:AVAL)
Saul Centers, Inc. (NYSE:BFS) Position Maintained by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 2,200 Shares of Hollysys Automation Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:HOLI)
FIG Partners Weighs in on Guaranty Bancorp’s Q1 2018 Earnings (GBNK)
Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS)
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:CY) Upgraded to “Overweight” at Barclays PLC
KCAP Financial’s (KCAP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Atkore International Group Inc (ATKR) Shares Sold by Meeder Asset Management Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc. (NYSE:Q)
NxStage Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ:NXTM) Position Decreased by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) Position Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC
Amalgamated Bank Sells 2,998 Shares of Federated Investors, Inc. (NYSE:FII)
Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Position Decreased by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.







West Oak Capital LLC Sells 25 Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (CDK)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




West Oak Capital LLC decreased its stake in shares of  CDK Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDK) by 0.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,751 shares of the software maker’s stock after selling 25 shares during the period. West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings in CDK Global were worth $171,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of CDK. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its stake in  CDK Global by 88.8% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,837 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 864 shares in the last quarter.  Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. increased its stake in  CDK Global by 1.2% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 1,979 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 23 shares in the last quarter.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC increased its stake in  CDK Global by 17.6% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 2,000 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter.  Pinnacle Bank bought a new stake in  CDK Global during the first quarter worth approximately $137,000.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its stake in  CDK Global by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 2,622 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $170,000 after buying an additional 228 shares in the last quarter. 84.01% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get CDK Global Inc. alerts:



Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDK) traded up 0.1421% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $65.1825. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 98,470 shares. The company has a market cap of $9.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.3414 and a beta of 0.73. CDK Global, Inc. has a 1-year low of $53.46 and a 1-year high of $67.49. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $62.34 and a 200 day moving average price of $63.34. 





CDK Global (NASDAQ:CDK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The software maker reported $0.65 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.08. CDK Global had a return on equity of 126.04% and a net margin of 13.44%. The firm had revenue of $556.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $556.98 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.42 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.5% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  CDK Global, Inc. will post $2.43 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Tuesday, June 20th were given a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.86%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 16th. CDK Global’s payout ratio is 28.57%. 
WARNING: “West Oak Capital LLC Sells 25 Shares of CDK Global, Inc. (CDK)” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/west-oak-capital-llc-sells-25-shares-of-cdk-global-inc-cdk-updated-updated.html. 
CDK has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CDK Global from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded CDK Global from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $75.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. TheStreet upgraded CDK Global from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded CDK Global from an “in-line” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, July 10th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and two have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $71.75.
In other news, insider Brian P. Macdonald bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 26th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $60.47 per share, with a total value of $302,350.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 96,877 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,858,152.19. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Insiders own  0.34% of the company’s stock. 
About CDK Global
CDK Global, Inc provides integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions. The Company’s segments include Retail Solutions North America, Advertising North America and CDK International. Through its Retail Solutions North America segment, the Company provides technology-based solutions, including automotive Website platforms, that help automotive retailers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other industry participants manage the acquisition, sale, financing, insuring, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles.







Receive News & Ratings for CDK Global Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CDK Global Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿




























West Oak Capital LLC Sells 104 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Bank of Montreal Can Buys 3,430 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc. (ULTA)
HollyFrontier Corporation (NYSE:HFC) Stake Raised by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (EOCC) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 561 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $709,000 Position in Coherent, Inc. (COHR)
Becker Capital Management Inc. Purchases 9,720 Shares of Allergan plc (AGN)
Fmr LLC Has $561.42 Million Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)
Movado Group Inc. (MOV) Raised to “Buy” at ValuEngine
On Track Innovations Ltd (NASDAQ:OTIV) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Maintained by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys Shares of 14,800 Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (NYSE:PBR)
Inventure Foods, Inc. (SNAK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell”
ValuEngine Upgrades Western New England Bancorp (NASDAQ:WNEB) to Buy
Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc.
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases 216 Shares of Fluor Corporation (FLR)
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Stake Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases New Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Takes Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE)
Calpine Corporation (CPN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR)



 


West Oak Capital LLC Sells 104 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD)

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












West Oak Capital LLC reduced its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 0.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 13,875 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 104 shares during the period. Air Products and Chemicals comprises  1.2% of West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 17th largest position. West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $1,985,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of APD. iAB Financial Bank bought a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at about $100,000.  Patten Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals by 3.7% in the first quarter. Patten Group Inc. now owns 778 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the period.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue bought a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at about $109,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America boosted its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 838 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  Finally, Webster Bank N. A. boosted its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  89.27% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE APD) opened at 143.90 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $31.33 billion, a PE ratio of 9.95 and a beta of 1.26. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $129.00 and a 1-year high of $150.45. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $144.49 and its 200 day moving average price is $141.85. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. Air Products and Chemicals had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 19.26%. The firm had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.84 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.82 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts predict that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be issued a $0.95 dividend. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.64%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th. Air Products and Chemicals’s payout ratio is 26.28%. 
WARNING: “West Oak Capital LLC Sells 104 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD)” was  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/west-oak-capital-llc-sells-104-shares-of-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-apd.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on APD shares. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $152.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 price target on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, BidaskClub cut Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Air Products and Chemicals presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.







Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Bank of Montreal Can Buys 3,430 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc. 





HollyFrontier Corporation  Stake Raised by Capstone Asset Management Co.





Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A.  Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.





Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $709,000 Position in Coherent, Inc. 





Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 561 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation 





Becker Capital Management Inc. Purchases 9,720 Shares of Allergan plc 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























West Oak Capital LLC Continues to Hold Stake in First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for First Horizon National Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor First Horizon National Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL) Stake Cut by BTR Capital Management Inc.
Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. Raises Stake in New Senior Investment Group Inc (NYSE:SNR)
15,565 Shares in Lifeway Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ:LWAY) Acquired by Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd.
Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Sells 164 Shares of Shire PLC (NASDAQ:SHPG)
Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL) Stake Maintained by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO
196,789 Shares in Bank of Nova Scotia (The) (NYSE:BNS) Acquired by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Buys 11,001 Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN)
Delta Capital Management LLC Has $310,000 Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $2.57 Million Stake in Amphenol Corporation (APH)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Sells 25,260 Shares of Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSOD)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Lowers Stake in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:STLD)
Carlson Capital L P
Has 9.3% Stake in Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REGI)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Purchases New Stake in Communications Sales & Leasing,Inc. (UNIT)
First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services Lowers Stake in Owens Corning Inc (NYSE:OC)
First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services Buys 1,403 Shares of Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS)
First American Trust FSB Lowers Position in XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO)
First PREMIER Bank Purchases 169 Shares of Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES)
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 270 Shares of Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE:LUK)
West Oak Capital LLC Continues to Hold Stake in First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN)


 


West Oak Capital LLC Continues to Hold Stake in First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

West Oak Capital LLC maintained its stake in First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 9,357 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings in First Horizon National Corporation were worth $163,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its stake in First Horizon National Corporation by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 11,985 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $240,000 after buying an additional 68 shares during the last quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC increased its stake in shares of First Horizon National Corporation by 1.3% in the first quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 11,885 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $220,000 after buying an additional 157 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in shares of First Horizon National Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 14,468 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $268,000 after buying an additional 262 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in shares of First Horizon National Corporation by 1.5% in the first quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 18,435 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $341,000 after buying an additional 269 shares during the period. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of First Horizon National Corporation by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,549 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $288,000 after buying an additional 924 shares during the period. 86.11% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN) traded up 0.823% during trading on Monday, reaching $17.765. 254,104 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $17.47 and a 200-day moving average of $18.61. The company has a market capitalization of $4.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.005 and a beta of 1.06. First Horizon National Corporation has a 1-year low of $14.29 and a 1-year high of $20.84. 


 Get First Horizon National Corporation alerts:



First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN) last released its earnings results on Friday, July 14th. The financial services provider reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $328.37 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $331.27 million. First Horizon National Corporation had a return on equity of 9.10% and a net margin of 19.13%. First Horizon National Corporation’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.24 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that First Horizon National Corporation will post $1.10 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th were issued a dividend of $0.09 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.04%. First Horizon National Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is 32.43%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/first-horizon-national-corporation-nysefhn-stake-held-by-west-oak-capital-llc-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on shares of First Horizon National Corporation in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Hovde Group cut their price objective on shares of First Horizon National Corporation from $21.50 to $20.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Stephens reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of First Horizon National Corporation in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Vining Sparks upgraded shares of First Horizon National Corporation to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Barclays PLC dropped their price objective on shares of First Horizon National Corporation from $21.00 to $20.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.57.
In related news, Director Vicki R. Palmer sold 5,211 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.65, for a total value of $91,974.15. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 57,818 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,020,487.70. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 2.09% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
First Horizon National Corporation Company Profile
First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

FinnCap Raises STM Group Plc (LON:STM) Price Target to GBX 60
Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) Given New $218.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
Textron Inc. (TXT) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”
California Water  Service Group Holding (CWT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Cosan Limited (NYSE:CZZ) Upgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (NYSE:CIG) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Gocompare.Com Group PLC (LON:GOCO) PT Raised to GBX 120 at Peel Hunt
Vivendi SA (NASDAQ:VIVHY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) Rating Reiterated by B. Riley
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) PT Lowered to $23.00
Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €140.00 by Berenberg Bank
Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage on Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (NYSE:TD)
Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd (AAV) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Buys Shares of 2,435 Kansas City Southern (NYSE:KSU)
Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) CEO Sells $4,999,536.76 in Stock
Callidus Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:CALD) Insider Leslie Stretch Sells 104,509 Shares
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
Lumbard & Kellner LLC Acquires Shares of 5,020 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP)







Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) insider Brian J. Blaser sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, July 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.00, for a total value of $750,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 143,154 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,157,700. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) traded down 1.00% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $49.61. The stock had a trading volume of 5,688,266 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $48.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.04. The company has a market cap of $86.09 billion, a P/E ratio of 69.48 and a beta of 1.07. Abbott Laboratories has a 1-year low of $37.38 and a 1-year high of $51.13. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.60 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.55 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.49 EPS for the current fiscal year. 





The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.14%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio  is 149.30%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Insider Sells $750,000.00 in Stock” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/abbott-laboratories-nyseabt-insider-sells-750000-00-in-stock.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently commented on ABT shares. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $41.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Friday, July 21st. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $57.00 target price (up from $52.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, Guggenheim started coverage on Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. They set a “buy” rating and a $58.00 target price for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $52.13.
Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 37.9% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 2,531 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the first quarter worth $112,000.  Winfield Associates Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 3.9% in the second quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 2,382 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 89 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth $120,000.  Finally, First Command Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 10.2% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,787 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 257 shares in the last quarter. 71.08% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿




























West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1,135 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for The Charles Schwab Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Charles Schwab Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Green Plains, Inc. (NASDAQ:GPRE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies
Staffline Group Plc (STAF) Upgraded by Liberum Capital to “Buy”
CoBiz Financial Inc. (COBZ) Receives Hold Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies
Raymond James Financial, Inc. Downgrades The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ:SPNC) to Market Perform
Sonic Corp.’s (SONC) Buy Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies
Smith Shellnut Wilson LLC ADV Purchases New Position in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC)
Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $301,000 Stake in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)
Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 80 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC)
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)
AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Up 5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings
Guinness Asset Management Ltd Has $13.47 Million Position in Aflac Incorporated (AFL)
Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. Holds Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1,135 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW)
Creative Planning Cuts Position in Jabil Circuit, Inc. (NYSE:JBL)
The Andersons, Inc. (ANDE) Shares Bought by Bank of America Corp DE
Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) Stake Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Position Boosted by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $1.07 Million Position in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC)
Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Position Raised by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.



 


West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1,135 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW)

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












West Oak Capital LLC cut its stake in shares of  The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) by 2.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 40,045 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 1,135 shares during the period. The Charles Schwab Corporation comprises  1.0% of West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 28th largest position. West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings in The Charles Schwab Corporation were worth $1,720,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. DnB Asset Management AS increased its stake in  The Charles Schwab Corporation by 0.6% in the second quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 281,970 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $12,113,000 after buying an additional 1,600 shares during the period.  Private Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in  The Charles Schwab Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $272,000.  Park National Corp OH increased its stake in  The Charles Schwab Corporation by 184.2% in the second quarter. Park National Corp OH now owns 43,433 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,866,000 after buying an additional 28,152 shares during the period.  Grassi Investment Management increased its stake in  The Charles Schwab Corporation by 28.2% in the second quarter. Grassi Investment Management now owns 57,208 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,458,000 after buying an additional 12,600 shares during the period.  Finally, Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in  The Charles Schwab Corporation by 2.3% in the first quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 140,201 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,722,000 after buying an additional 3,101 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  79.11% of the company’s stock. 


 Get The Charles Schwab Corporation alerts:



The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE SCHW) opened at 42.54 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $42.48 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.94. The firm has a market cap of $56.92 billion, a PE ratio of 28.55 and a beta of 1.64. The Charles Schwab Corporation has a one year low of $27.71 and a one year high of $44.10. 




The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, July 18th. The financial services provider reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.39. The company had revenue of $2.13 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.13 billion. The Charles Schwab Corporation had a return on equity of 15.69% and a net margin of 26.73%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 16.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.30 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  The Charles Schwab Corporation will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 25th. Investors of record on Friday, August 11th will be paid a dividend of $0.08 per share. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.75%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 9th. The Charles Schwab Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is 21.48%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1,135 Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW)” was  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/west-oak-capital-llc-sells-1135-shares-of-the-charles-schwab-corporation-schw.html. 
Several brokerages have weighed in on SCHW. Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $51.00 price objective (up from $48.00) on shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation in a report on Tuesday. Nomura cut The Charles Schwab Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Instinet  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective (down from $46.00) on shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation in a report on Monday. Argus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective (up from $46.00) on shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation in a report on Friday, July 21st. Finally, BidaskClub cut The Charles Schwab Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $44.00.
In other The Charles Schwab Corporation news, EVP Terri R. Kallsen sold 10,536 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.15, for a total transaction of $454,628.40. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 5,212 shares in the company, valued at $224,897.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Joseph R. Martinetto sold 115,642 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, July 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.10, for a total value of $4,868,528.20. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 210,868 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,877,542.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 216,208 shares of company stock valued at $9,151,381 in the last three months. 12.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
The Charles Schwab Corporation Company Profile
The Charles Schwab Corporation (CSC) is a savings and loan holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, engages in wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, money management and financial advisory services. The Company provides financial services to individuals and institutional clients through two segments: Investor Services and Advisor Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCHW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW).







Receive News & Ratings for The Charles Schwab Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Charles Schwab Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Green Plains, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies





Sonic Corp.’s  Buy Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies





Raymond James Financial, Inc. Downgrades The Spectranetics Corporation  to Market Perform





CoBiz Financial Inc.  Receives Hold Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies





Staffline Group Plc  Upgraded by Liberum Capital to “Buy”





Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 80 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 













































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




West Oak Capital, LLC                                                                                                    - Westlake Village                                  , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Westlake Village



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            West Oak Capital, LLC
                                    



 





















W 


West Oak Capital, LLC                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2801 TOWNSGATE RD STE 112 WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA 91361
Get Directions



(805) 230-8282
www.westoakcap.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $247,210.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Byron Snider                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2008, West Oak Capital, Llc                                                                                                    has been providing Investors, Nec from Westlake Village. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 




Articles | West Oak Capital, LLC















































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 












  
 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Articles 
Articles



Understanding Your True Risk Tolerance is Vital to Portfolio Performance


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



As anyone would have expected, the extraordinary convergence of extreme stock market volatility, low interest rates, declining home values, diminished retirement savings accounts, and chronic economic sluggishness has taken a severe toll on the American psyche. For many investors, it may have forever altered the way in which risk is perceived and managed. Understanding your risk tolerance is one of the most important elements of investing; knowing how your risk tolerance effects your investment decisions is vital to the health of your portfolio.

Read more
 

Finance Lessons for Your Teen


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



The current economic environment has caused most everyone to reconsider their personal finances with many people having to drastically change their spending and savings habits.  Out of this economic malaise may come an opportunity to finally instill the right habits in your teens that can carry them into adulthood on the right financial footing.  Just as our parents and grandparents of the Great Depression era developed deeply ingrained attitudes about finances from their experience, our teens can share in the lessons of today’s “great recession” generation. The first step is to make your teen a partner with a stake in the family financial enterprise.

Read more
 

Should You Have a Living Trust?


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



A will is the foundation of your estate plan and it is essential if your financial affairs are to be settled in accordance with your wishes. If you die without a will, or “intestate” as the law refers to it, essentially the state becomes your executor and your property will be distributed according to its laws. Drawing up a will has become so easy, and it is relatively inexpensive, leaving very little reason why everyone shouldn’t have one.  The question becomes whether you should have a living trust in addition to your will.

Read more
 

Determining Your Risk Tolerance


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



Perhaps the most important factor in formulating your investment plan is your risk tolerance; that is, the amount of risk you’re willing to assume in order to achieve your most important objectives. More precisely, your risk tolerance is based on the your financial and emotional ability to withstand negative returns on your investment portfolio.  Before embarking on any investment strategy it is important to know your risk tolerance to ensure that you select the right kind of investments and you are able to set clear objectives. More importantly, when your investments are aligned with the proper risk-reward continuum, you’re assured of many more restful nights.  So, how do you go about determining your risk tolerance?

Read more
 

The Importance of an Investment Philosophy


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



If you listen to any of the world’s leading investors they will tell you that nothing is more important to long-term investment success than a clear investment philosophy. More important than a sound investment strategy? Yes, they will tell you, because strategy, while important, is nothing more than a manifestation of an investment philosophy. Strategy can evolve as circumstances might warrant; however, an investment philosophy is based on the intractable belief you have in the principles and practices that guide your decision-making. In times of market upheaval and through the dark of uncertainty, your investment philosophy enables you to control your emotions, shut out the noise and focus on the things that really matter over the long term.

Read more
 

Planning for the New Normal Retirement


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



The need for retirement planning didn’t really exist until well into the 1970s. Up to that point, people worked until age 65, spent a few years in leisure through their life expectancy which was about 69. Many retirees of that era were able to coast into retirement with a cushy pension plan. Over the next few decades, as life expectancy continued to expand, as did the number of years in retirement, financial planners came up with simple rules of thumb for determining how much a person would need at retirement in order to maintain his or her lifestyle.

Read more
 

Planning a Family – What to Save for Right Now


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



The decision to go forward with your plans to start a family is a joyous one, but it can also lead to increased stress especially if your financial house has not been child-proofed. Considering that, on average, the cost of raising a child now exceeds $300,000, there’s little margin for error for most young families that have other important financial goals to achieve. There’s no reason why you should get caught off guard or caught in cash crunch as long as you plan ahead. The following family planning checklist contains what is deemed by most new parents as being the most essential steps in preparing for a new arrival:

Read more
 

Longevity Risk: The Biggest Real Retirement Risk You Haven’t Covered


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



This isn’t our parents’ or grandparents’ retirement anymore. Just a few decades ago, many retirees enjoyed the full benefits of the “three-legged stool” of retirement provide by guaranteed pension payments, savings, and Social Security. In addition, they didn’t have to be very concerned with how much of their income translated into actual purchasing power because, except for the mid to late seventies, inflation was not a big factor for several reasons. Today, the three-legged stool is barely standing on two legs and inflation, even at the lowest levels, can wreak havoc on our lifestyles due to the fact we are living 12 to 15 years longer.

Read more
 

How to Create Order out of Chaos with Your Financial Records


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles



It should not take the filing of a tax return or a death in the family to finally create order out of paper chaos so you are not forced to scramble in those critical circumstances. The chances of making costly errors are too great not to take some very simple, albeit essential, measures to get and stay organized all year long. Today you can begin a system of document disposition which will simplify your financial life for you and your family. It starts with knowing what you need to keep, for how long and where to keep them – beginning with the most disposable:

Read more
 

Planning a Family: What to Save for Right Now


          Submitted by West Oak Capital, LLC on April 16th, 2015        
Articles




 










The articles are not written by West Oak Capital but provided by our website host for your reading enjoyment. 
 

 







Get in Touch

We are happy to guide you in the right direction.
 
 
 

 



 
 




Resources


CommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo Library


 



Tell a Friend


 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









 




Wealth Management | West Oak Capital, LLC














































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 












  
 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Wealth Management 
Wealth Management




Philosophy

Investing should make sense
A disciplined long-term approach is most likely to achieve results
Customize to investors’ preferences, and consider estate and tax issues
Help reduce the costs that can otherwise erode performance over time

 
Structure Portfolios to Meet Your Objective
We recommend diversified participation in the capital markets. In addition to core positions in stocks and bonds, we believe most investors are well-served to participate in such areas as small capitalization stocks, international stocks and real estate securities.


Growth


Income
Safety



Bonds can provide stability to a portfolio, while stocks help meet longer-term objectives of growing portfolio values over time and protecting against the effects of inflation. We are able to tailor holdings to suit each client’s specific preferences, as well as their tax and estate planning circumstances.
 
Emotions Can Interfere with Your Investment Plan
Data is easy. Judgment is hard.

Today’s abundance of information can be confusing to investors, causing unnecessary trading activity and magnifying the emotions of “fear” and “greed” that can interfere with long term plans.
​

 










Get in Touch

We are happy to guide you in the right direction.
 
 
 

 


 
 





Tell a Friend


 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









 




Contact | West Oak Capital, LLC

















































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 












  
 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Contact 
Contact




We Welcome a Visit From You
2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112Westlake Village, California91361 United States
Phone: 805.230.8282
Fax: 805.230.8283
For more information, please contact:
Byron B. Snider, CFA
Byron@westoakcap.com



 


 
 




Quick Message





Name: *



Email: *



Message: *









Leave this field blank: 












 


 



Tell a Friend


 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









﻿

























Itron (ITRI) and AMTEK (AME) Financial Review - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Itron Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Itron Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Position Held by Marshwinds Advisory Co.
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) Share Price
IDT Corporation (IDT) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.04
2U (TWOU) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
Kinross Gold Corporation (KGC) Receives $4.91 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Contrasting Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) and AgroFresh Solutions (AGFS)
Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportnty Fd (JRO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.01
Tesla Inc. (TSLA) Stake Increased by OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd.
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Celanese Corporation (CE) Stock Price
Alphinat Inc (NPA) Director Curtis Page Sells 167,000 Shares
Analysts Set Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) PT at $2.74
Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (ETR:SAX) PT Set at €58.00 by Nord/LB
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) a €17.00 Price Target
Linde AG (ETR:LIN) Given a €210.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
FCB Financial Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:FCB) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:LYV) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Fresenius SE (NASDAQ:FSNUY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
Nord/LB Analysts Give Aurubis AG (ETR:NDA) a €78.00 Price Target
St. Joe Company (The) (NYSE:JOE) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Strong-Buy
Melco Crown Entertainment Limited (MLCO) Given Buy Rating at UBS AG


 


Itron (ITRI) and AMTEK (AME) Financial Review

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Itron (NASDAQ: ITRI) and AMTEK (NYSE:AME) are both mid-cap computer and technology companies, but which is the better investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their earnings, institutional ownership, profitabiliy, analyst recommendations, risk, valuation and dividends. 
Analyst Ratings


 Get Itron Inc. alerts:



This is a summary of current ratings and recommmendations for Itron and AMTEK, as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Itron
0
1
6
0
2.86


AMTEK
0
1
9
0
2.90






Itron presently has a consensus target price of $73.43, suggesting a potential downside of 0.23%. AMTEK has a consensus target price of $62.60, suggesting a potential upside of 2.77%. Given AMTEK’s stronger consensus rating and higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe AMTEK is more favorable than Itron.
Profitability
This table compares Itron and AMTEK’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Itron
1.88%
15.51%
6.22%


AMTEK
13.24%
16.20%
7.66%


Earnings & Valuation
This table compares Itron and AMTEK’s top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Itron
$1.99 billion
1.43
$218.61 million
$0.96
76.67


AMTEK
$3.90 billion
3.59
$1.02 billion
$2.22
27.44


AMTEK has higher revenue and earnings than Itron. AMTEK is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Itron, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Risk and Volatility
Itron has a beta of 1.08, indicating that its stock price is 8% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, AMTEK has a beta of 1.33, indicating that its stock price is 33% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Dividends
AMTEK pays an annual dividend of $0.36 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.6%. Itron does not pay a dividend. AMTEK pays out 16.2% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. 
Insider & Institutional Ownership
94.5% of Itron shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 89.8% of AMTEK shares are held by institutional investors. 2.0% of Itron shares are held by insiders. Comparatively, 2.1% of AMTEK shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, endowments and hedge funds believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.
Summary
AMTEK beats Itron on 13 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Itron
Itron, Inc. (Itron) is a technology and service company. The Company provides solutions that measure, manage and analyze energy and water use. The Company operates through three segments: Electricity, Gas and Water. It provides a portfolio of products, solutions, software and services to electric, gas and water utility customers across the globe. It offers solutions that enable electric and natural gas utilities to build smart grids to manage assets. It offers a product portfolio, including standard meters and smart metering products, systems and services, for applications in the residential and commercial industrial markets for water and heat. The Company operates under the Itron brand across the world. Its Gas and Water manufacturing facilities are located throughout the world, while its Electricity manufacturing facilities are located in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and North America.
About AMTEK
AMETEK, Inc. is a manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices with operations in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The Company operates through two segments: Electronic Instruments (EIG) and Electromechanical (EMG). EIG designs and manufactures instruments for the process, power and industrial and aerospace markets. EIG provides process and analytical instruments for the oil, gas, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, semiconductor and automation markets. It makes monitoring and metering devices, industrial battery chargers and uninterruptible power supplies, programmable power equipment, electrical test equipment and gas turbine sensors. EMG is a differentiated supplier of precision motion control solutions, thermal management systems, specialty metals and electrical interconnects. Its end markets include medical, automation, petrochemical and other industrial markets. It operates a network of aviation maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) facilities. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for Itron Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Itron Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























 




Home | West Oak Capital, LLC















































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 















We help clients stay on track.




If you want good service, go to a firm where you are an important client.




Our work is more than just numbers, it’s about the story behind the numbers.




We make house calls.


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
















Our Independence Means We Place Your Interests
Above All Others.
 
 

 










Why Choose West Oak Capital



Our Team



Resources



Contact

 
 

 



Home





 










Get in Touch

We are happy to guide you in the right direction.
 
 
 

 


Our Company





    West Oak Capital, LLC is an investment advisory firm registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The firm provides separate account management for equity, balanced and fixed income portfolios.  Founded in 2003, West Oak Capital provides highly personalized, attentive service, with
a focus on constructing a disciplined investment program to 
help each client meet their specific financial goals.  
 

 


 
 
 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









 




Home | West Oak Capital, LLC















































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 















We help clients stay on track.




If you want good service, go to a firm where you are an important client.




Our work is more than just numbers, it’s about the story behind the numbers.




We make house calls.


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
















Our Independence Means We Place Your Interests
Above All Others.
 
 

 










Why Choose West Oak Capital



Our Team



Resources



Contact

 
 

 



Home





 










Get in Touch

We are happy to guide you in the right direction.
 
 
 

 


Our Company





    West Oak Capital, LLC is an investment advisory firm registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.  The firm provides separate account management for equity, balanced and fixed income portfolios.  Founded in 2003, West Oak Capital provides highly personalized, attentive service, with
a focus on constructing a disciplined investment program to 
help each client meet their specific financial goals.  
 

 


 
 
 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









 




Our Team | West Oak Capital, LLC














































































 



HomeAboutOur StoryOur TeamWealth ManagementResourcesCommentariesArticlesClient ResourcesCalculator LibraryVideo LibraryContactCareers 

 
 
 
 
 












  
 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > About > Our Team 
Our Team














Byron B. Snider, CFA



Founding Partner and President




        E-mail:
      
Byron@westoakcap.com


Byron brings over 25 years of investment experience managing portfolios for affluent families, charitable foundations and corporate pension plans. Byron and his wife, Lisa, launched West Oak Capital in 2003. Byron serves as Portfolio Manager, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Compliance Officer for the firm.
Prior to founding West Oak Capital, Byron served as Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager for U.S. Trust Company. During his nine-year tenure, Byron served as Co-Head of the Beverly Hills office, Director of Equity Investments, head of the west coast research department, Chairman of the weekly asset management meetings and Member of the executive Management Committee.
Prior to U.S. Trust Company, Byron spent seven years with Dimensional Fund Advisors as Regional Director, Vice President and Portfolio Manager. His responsibilities included directing the firm’s trading desk and serving as the senior Portfolio Manager responsible for investing domestic equity portfolios.
Byron earned a bachelor’s degree in Economics from UCLA in 1983 and his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1987. He completed the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1995. Byron is a member of the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Los Angeles. He has been quoted in several business publications, including the Wall Street Journal, Fox Business News, Bloomberg, Washington Post, Barron’s, Pensions & Investments and Pacific Coast Business Times.
Byron volunteers with the UCLA Economics department in student programs such as Economics in Action, Social Sciences in Action and Financial Valuations conferences. Byron holds a third degree black belt in Kenpo karate and served as a volunteer instructor at the American Academy of Self Defense.  Whenever there is some free time, Byron enjoys taking his Harley Davidson for soothing rides in our local mountains and along the coast.













Jerry Clebanoff, CFA



Senior Partner




        E-mail:
      
Jerry@westoakcap.com


Jerry brings over 35 years of investment experience managing portfolios for affluent families and charitable foundations. He joined West Oak Capital as a Portfolio Manager in 2006.
Prior to joining West Oak Capital, Jerry had a productive twenty-seven year tenure at City National Bank, where he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, followed by six years as Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager for U.S. Trust Company. During his career, Jerry has served on several committees responsible for managing asset management and trust administration within financial services organizations, including the Trust Investment Committee, Trust Administration Committee and Profit Sharing Committees of City National Bank.
Jerry earned his Bachelor of Science and Masters of Science degrees in Business Administration from California State University, Northridge. He completed his Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1979. Jerry is a member of the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Los Angeles. He has been quoted in numerous print articles and radio programs on a variety of investment-related topics, as well as a panelist at the CNBC Investment Conference at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
Jerry is an Adjunct Assistant Professor for the Los Angeles Community College District and has taught several courses in business and finance since 1976. He also serves as a volunteer Vice President and Trustee for The Community Foundation for Oak Park.
For relaxation, Jerry enjoys trout fishing in the Eastern Sierra.













Tony G. Somoza



Senior Vice President




        E-mail:
      
Tony@westoakcap.com


Tony G. Somoza has over 35 years of investment experience managing portfolios for affluent families, charitable foundations, pensions and government agencies. Prior to joining West Oak Capital in 2016, Tony served as senior investment strategist at Comerica Bank and, previously, Santa Barbara Bank & Trust. At Comerica, Tony was the senior portfolio manager for their Wealth & Institutional Management team for the western region.
Tony’s experience includes investment-related positions at U.S. Trust Company, Bank of America and Chase Manhattan Bank. During his career, he has served as equity director, managed a taxable bond common trust fund and served on various investment and administrative committees.
Tony earned his bachelor's degree from California State University, Fullerton and completed the Certified Financial Planner (CFP) program in 1986. Tony is a member of the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Los Angeles.
Tony spends his free time coaching his granddaughter’s softball team and playing an occasional round of golf. He and his wife enjoy travel, and Tony enjoys reading books on history and science.













Lisa T. Snider



Founding Partner




        E-mail:
      
Lisa@westoakcap.com


Lisa brings over 25 years experience in marketing, administration and graphic design. She co-founded West Oak Capital with her husband, Byron, in 2003 and serves as head of office administration for the firm. She designs and produces our marketing literature, oversees technical systems, as well as taking care of the payroll, benefits and finance activities of the company.
Prior to forming West Oak Capital, Lisa served as Marketing Coordinator for Dimensional Fund Advisors, Technical Administrator for Professional Healthcare Systems and Administrator for Barclays Bank. Lisa earned her bachelor’s degree at UCLA, where she majored in Sociology.
Lisa devotes her spare time to her daughter's Club soccer schedule. She also serves as a volunteer member of the Social Committee at North Ranch Country Club.













Darin P. White



Operations Manager




        E-mail:
      
Darin@westoakcap.com


Darin joined West Oak Capital in 2015 as our Operations Manager supporting office administration and compliance for the firm. He helps clients with a wide variety of account administration matters, as well as coordinating our trade reconciliation, internal compliance, account reporting and proxy voting activities.
Darin has more than twenty years of administrative experience with Amgen, St. John’s Regional Medical Center, Unisys Corporation and the YMCA. He spent two years in Real Estate Appraisal after leaving Amgen. Then his passion for baseball led him to an opportunity to own and operate an indoor baseball and softball hitting facility and sporting goods business in the Conejo Valley. Darin continues to operate CCJ Sporting Goods on a part-time basis in order to support local schools with athletic equipment.
Darin earned his bachelor’s degree from California State University, Chico, with a focus on Sociology and minor in Psychology.
Besides his passion for baseball, including Spring Training trips to Arizona with his friends and high school teammates, Darin enjoys playing softball, golfing and hiking with his wife on the many hiking trails in the local mountains. He also enjoys his children’s sports and school events and activities.













Ian B. Brown



Financial Advisor




        E-mail:
      
Ian@westoakcap.com


Ian joined West Oak Capital in 2016 as a Financial Advisor. Prior to joining West Oak Capital, he served as a Global Wealth Management intern with Merrill Lynch and a Financial Services intern with The Strategy Partners, Inc. His responsibilities included conducting market research and evaluating financial products.
Ian earned his bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from California Lutheran University, and is pursuing his Certified Financial Planning certificate from University of California, Los Angeles.
In his spare time, Ian enjoys hiking throughout the Conejo Valley, cooking with his wife, and golfing.








 










Get in Touch

We are happy to guide you in the right direction.
 
 
 

 


 
 




About


Our StoryOur Team


 



Tell a Friend


 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 







2801 Townsgate Road, Suite 112, Westlake Village, California 91361
	805.230.8282  |   Lisa@westoakcap.com

 

 
 
 
 
 












West Oak Capital is a trademark of West Oak Capital, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
 

 

 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 West Oak Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 









