
Westwood Holdings Group Inc (WHG)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Westwood Holdings Group Inc (WHG)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Management & Fund Operators












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				WHG on New York Consolidated


				59.97USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.69


					            (+1.16%)
					        






Prev Close

$59.28


Open

$59.13




Day's High

$60.37


Day's Low

$58.28




Volume

29,704


Avg. Vol

25,585




52-wk High

$63.99


52-wk Low

$49.01












					Full Description



Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. (Westwood), incorporated on December 12, 2001, is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, manages investment assets and provides services for its clients. The Company operates through two segments: Advisory and Trust. The Company's subsidiaries include Westwood Management Corp. and Westwood Advisors, LLC (together, Westwood Management), Westwood International Advisors Inc. (Westwood International) and Westwood Trust.The Company's assets are categorized into three types of accounts: institutional, private wealth and mutual funds. Institutional includes separate accounts of corporate pension and profit sharing plans, public employee retirement funds, Taft-Hartley plans, endowments, foundations and individuals; sub advisory relationships where Westwood provides investment management services for funds offered by other financial institutions; pooled investment vehicles, including Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) funds and collective investment trusts; and managed account relationships with brokerage firms and other registered investment advisors that offer Westwood products to their customers. Private Wealth includes assets for which Westwood Trust provides trust and custodial services and participation in common trust funds that it sponsors to institutions and high net worth individuals pursuant to trust or agency agreements and assets. Mutual Funds include the Westwood Funds, a family of mutual funds for which Westwood Management serves as advisor.AdvisoryThe Company's advisory segment includes Westwood Management and Westwood International, and encompasses three distinct investment teams: the United States Value Team, the Global Convertible Securities Team, and the Global and Emerging Markets Equity Team. Westwood Management provides investment advisory services to large institutions, including corporate retirement plans, public retirement plans, endowments and foundations. Institutional separate account minimums vary by investment strategy. Westwood Management also provides advisory services to individuals, the Westwood Funds and UCITS funds, as well as sub advisory services to other mutual funds and pooled investment vehicles. Westwood International provides investment advisory services to large institutions, pooled investment vehicles and UCITS funds, as well as sub advisory services to the National Bank Westwood Funds, which are mutual funds offered by National Bank of Canada. Westwood International provides advisory and sub advisory services to certain Westwood Funds, pooled investment vehicles and the United States institutions under the supervision of Westwood Management.TrustThe Company, through Westwood Trust, provides fiduciary and investment services to high net worth individuals and families, non-profit endowments and foundations, public and private retirement plans and individual retirement accounts (IRAs). Westwood Trust's fiduciary services include financial planning, wealth transfer planning, customizable trust services, trust administration and estate settlement. Westwood Trust also provides custodial services, tax reporting, accounting of trust income and principal, beneficiary and retiree distributions, and safekeeping of assets. Westwood Trust manages separate portfolios of equity and fixed income securities for certain agency and trust clients. Westwood Trust also sponsors various common trust funds. Westwood Trust's common trust funds fall within two categories: personal trusts and employee benefit trusts. Westwood Trust also develops asset allocation models for certain clients utilizing mutual funds managed by Westwood Management and Westwood International, as well as from certain other mutual fund families.

» Full Overview of WHG







					Company Address



Westwood Holdings Group Inc
200 Crescent Ct Ste 1200DALLAS   TX   75201-1807
P: +1214.7566900F: +1214.7566979







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Susan Byrne

1,681,150




							 Brian Casey

5,980,540




							 Tiffany Kice

759,399




							 Randall Root

651,066




							 Mark Freeman

3,466,990




» More Officers & Directors





					Westwood Holdings Group Inc News




BRIEF-Westwood Holdings Group Q2 earnings per share $0.83

Jul 26 2017 
BRIEF-Westwood Trust COO Leah Bennett named to CFA Institute Board Of Governors

Jun 29 2017 
BRIEF-Westwood Holdings reports Q1 earnings per share $0.73

Apr 26 2017 
BRIEF-Westwood Holdings Group says CEO Brian Casey's 2016 compensation was $6 mln

Mar 20 2017 
BRIEF-Westwood Holdings reports Q4 earnings per share $0.92

Feb 08 2017 


» More WHG  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsInvestment Management & Fund Operators



























Westwood Trust in Dallas, TX | 200 Crescent Ct, Ste 1200, Dallas, TX






< Back to previousWestwood Trust(0){{slogan}}200 Crescent Ct, Ste 1200Dallas, TX 75201{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Established in 1974, Westwood Trust is a trust institution that provides investment management, trust and custody services to high net worth individuals and institutions. It is chartered and regulated by the Texas Department of Banking and the State Banking Board. It specializes in asset allocation and traditional trust services. Its investment products include fixed-income and large- and small-capital value portfolios. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Westwood Holdings Group, a publicly traded company. The parent company is an institutional asset management firm, which serves corporate pension, public retirement and mutual funds, endowments, and foundations. Westwood Trust has an office in Dallas.... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoThe Crescent... MoreThe Crescent LessProducts & ServicesMoney Laundering... MoreMoney Laundering LessIn Business Since1974... More1974 LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.





Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. - Investor Relations |  | 







































 

























Home | Investor Relations | Contact | Client Login


About Westwood
Institutional Investors

• Single Investments

 
Single Investments

Institutional investment strategies for larger institutions interested in a single product solution or a separately managed account. 


LargeCap Value 
LargeCap Value -  Socially Responsible 
SMidCap Value 
SMidCap Plus+
SmallCap Value 
AllCap Value
Income Opportunity
MLP Infrastructure Renewal 
Balanced 
Dividend Growth
Global Equity
Emerging Markets 
 Emerging Markets Plus







• Comprehensive Allocation Strategy

 

Comprehensive Allocation Strategy  

Institutional investment strategies for small to mid-sized institutions interested in a comprehensive portfolio solution. 

Enhanced Balanced™ 




Equity
LargeCap Value
SMidCap Value
SMidCap Plus+
SmallCap Value
AllCap Value
AllCap Growth 
Global Equity
Emerging Markets 
Emerging Markets Plus 



Fixed Income
Investment Grade Bond
High Yield Bond
Short Duration High Yield Bond
Specialty
Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)
Income Opportunity







Private Wealth Management

 

Private Wealth Management

Customized wealth management solutions to help you grow and protect your personal assets, backed by our proven Enhanced Balanced™ Portfolio approach. 

Enhanced Balanced ™ 




Equity
LargeCap Value
SMidCap Value
SMidCap Plus+
SmallCap Value
AllCap Value
AllCap Growth 
Global Equity
Emerging Markets 
Emerging Markets Plus



Fixed Income
Investment Grade Bond
High Yield Bond
Short Duration High Yield Bond
Specialty
Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)
Income Opportunity






Mutual Funds

 

Mutual Funds

The Westwood Funds make it convenient for investors of all sizes to benefit from the institutional rigor and consistent approach of the Westwood teams.



US Mutual Funds
Income Opportunity Fund
Short Duration High Yield Fund 
Dividend Growth Fund 
LargeCap Value Fund 
SmallCap Value Fund
SMidCap Plus Fund
SMidCap Fund (Closed)
Emerging Markets Fund
Global Dividend Fund
Global Equity Fund


Canadian Mutual Funds
Advisors click here
Investors click here




News & Opinion



  Search












Investor Relations








3 Mo.  
	  
6 Mo.  
	  
1 Yr.







Corporate Profile

	Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. provides investment management services to institutional investors, private wealth clients and financial intermediaries. With $21.1 billion in assets under management (as of March 31, 2016), the firm manages a range of investment strategies including U.S. equities, Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs), Multi-Asset, Global and Emerging Markets equities and Global Convertible securities portfolios. Access to these strategies is available through separate accounts, the Westwood Funds® family of mutual funds, UCITS funds and other pooled investment vehicles. Westwood benefits from significant, broad-based employee ownership and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “WHG.” Based in Dallas, Westwood also maintains offices in Toronto, Boston, Omaha and Houston.


View all »   Recent Releases
Jul 26, 2017
Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
Jul 12, 2017
Westwood Holdings Group and Aviva Investors Strategic Partnership: Update






 About Westwood





• About Westwood
• Our People

• Our Business
• Our Role in the Community
• Investor Relations >

• Corporate Overview
• Corporate Governance >

• Governance Overview
• Board of Directors
• Management Team
•  Committee Composition
•  Insider Transactions
• Insider Ownership


• Stock Quote
• Press Releases
• Dividend History
• SEC Filings
• Annual Reports
• Events & Webcasts
•  Investor FAQs
•  E-mail Alerts
• Request Printed Materials
• Contact IR
•  Downloads
• Shareholder Briefcase




 


 































Westwood Trust Launches Select Equity Tax Managed Strategy - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Westwood Trust Launches Select Equity Tax Managed Strategy






GlobeNewswire



May 4, 2017 6:02 PM EDT













 
















































 HOUSTON, May 04, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Westwood Trust, a division of Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. (NYSE:WHG), today announced the launch of the Westwood Select Equity Tax Managed Strategy. Available as a separate account, the new strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation on an after-tax basis by investing in a fully diversified portfolio that incorporates both value and growth stocks. The portfolio management team is led by Leah Bennett and Allen Lewis, and supported by Westwood's team of 18 sector/industry experts, who have an average of 16 years of investment experience. "Tax management and risk awareness matter more today than ever before, especially for the disciplined long-term investor," said Leah Bennett, Chief Operating Officer, Westwood Trust. "Westwood Trust is pleased to introduce the Westwood Select Equity Tax Managed Strategy, which utilizes multiple valuation measures and collaborative risk management to identify opportunities across both growth and value. The strategy's strong emphasis on downside protection and careful focus on maximizing tax efficiency make it a great fit for the client focused on generating wealth over the long term."   "The concept of a well-researched, high quality, low turnover and tax efficient portfolio resonates well with taxable investors," said Brian Casey, President and CEO of Westwood Holdings Group. "We hope to compound wealth for our clients by identifying great companies with a long-term view and a focus on tax minimization." For more information on Westwood Trust and the Westwood Select Equity Tax Managed Strategy, contact Leah Bennett, Chief Operating Officer, Westwood Trust at lbennett@westwoodgroup.com or 713.683.7070.   About Westwood  Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. provides investment management services to institutional investors, private wealth clients and financial intermediaries. With $22.1 billion in assets under management, including $4.0 billion in mutual funds (as of March 31, 2017), the firm offers a range of investment strategies including U.S. equities, Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs), Multi-Asset, Global and Emerging Markets equities, and Global Convertible securities portfolios. Access to these strategies is available through separate accounts, the Westwood Funds ® family of mutual funds, UCITS funds and other pooled investment vehicles. Westwood benefits from significant, broad-based employee ownership and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "WHG." Based in Dallas, Westwood also maintains offices in Toronto, Boston, Omaha and Houston. For more information about Westwood, visit our website at westwoodgroup.com.  For more information on Westwood Funds, visit us at westwoodfunds.com.  Media Contact:Tyler BradfordHewes Communications, Inc.tyler@hewescomm.comOffice: 212-207-9454Mobile: 917-628-8512    



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













Cash Dividend On The Way From Westwood Holdings Group (WHG)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 12/11/14, Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.50, payable on 1/2/15.



DividendChannel.com

Dec 9, 2014 11:15 AM EST

















Insider Purchases & Buybacks: FBR
The company has expanded its repurchase plan from 50 million shares to 100 million.



Jason Raznick

Jan 8, 2008 4:02 PM EST

















Tuesday's Blog Watch
Cooking books at Dell, and sizing up Hilton.



James Altucher

Dec 5, 2006 7:51 AM EST
























Five Stocks for the Year-End Rally
Here are some already-'hot' stocks that might provide some good speculative profits.



Steven Smith

Dec 1, 2004 3:41 PM EST








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


The 12 Absolutely Cheapest Places to Buy a House in America


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



















Welcome



















 














		 
Westwood Trust 
Client Access







 




Welcome to Client Point!














 



















Please
						enter your Access ID and Password and click "Sign In."












Access ID:




Password: 






Forgot
								your password?
								If you do not remember your password, enter your Access ID above and select the Forgot your password? Link.




   
 


















Your Access ID will be locked after 3 invalid sign in attempts.









 





Your privacy is our responsibility.

 
We promise to keep your personal information private and secure. To learn more, please read our privacy policy.

This site uses advanced security
						features during the sign in process. To learn more, please read
						our FAQ. 




ABOUT
								SSL CERTIFICATES


















		Copyright 2016 Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
	












  
 




Westwood Trust                                                                                                           - Dallas                                            , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Dallas



Nondeposit Trust Facilities



Nondeposit Trust Facilities



                            Westwood Trust
                                    



 





















W 


Westwood Trust                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



200 CRESCENT CT STE 1200 DALLAS, TX 75201
Get Directions



(214) 756-6900
www.westwoodgroup.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1992
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $9,045,692.00
 Employee Count 48
 Industries Nondeposit Trust Facilities
 Contacts Brian Casey                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Westwood Trust                                                                                                           was founded in 1992. Westwood Trust                                                                                                           specializes in Nondeposit Trust Facilities. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Westwood Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























westwood trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Banking
Sub-Industry: Banks
Westwood Trust was founded in 1992. The company's line of business includes fiduciary business, but not regularly engaged in deposit banking.




Corporate Information
Address:

200 Crescent Ct
Suite 1200
Dallas, TX
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.swst.com





Board Members




Chief Executive Officer
Company


Brian Casey
Westwood Management Corp/NY








Board Members
Company






Raymond Wooldridge
Reeves Bancshares Inc














Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Leah R Bennett


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































	Careers - Westwood Holdings Group	























































 





























Home
Investor Type

U.S. Institutional Investors
Private Wealth Investors
Mutual Fund Investors
Non-U.S. Investors


Investor Relations
Client Access


 








 








										Careers										








Careers
Westwood
2014-03-10T21:54:22+00:00

Westwood is a growing company with exciting career opportunities. If you are interested in joining a team that is dedicated to:

Serving clients,
Working hard,
Contributing to the community,
Ensuring ethical conduct, and
Providing employees with challenging career opportunities

Westwood may be the place for you.
Positions Available
Compliance Officer – Dallas
The Compliance Officer will assist the Chief Compliance Officer with managing the firm’s compliance program including, drafting, implementing, monitoring and testing compliance policies and procedures; reviewing and editing communications materials; monitoring vendor due diligence; prepare internal and external compliance certifications; serve as back-up for monitoring and testing trade compliance for client accounts and employee Code of Ethics compliance.
Product Manager – Dallas
The Product Manager is responsible for planning, developing and executing the firm’s “Go-2-Market” strategy ensuring a consistent client experience both visually and operationally to drive sales growth.
Administrative Assistant – Houston
The Administrative Assistant is responsible for assisting Trust officers, Investments and Operations in administering clients trusts and investments. The incumbent will have direct contact via telephone and e-mail with clients, attorneys and CPAs.
 
Westwood is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any employee on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, sex, national origin, age or physical disability.




































	Why Fixed Income? - Westwood Holdings Group	
























































 




 
























Home
Investor Type

U.S. Institutional Investors
Private Wealth Investors
Mutual Fund Investors
Non-U.S. Investors


Investor Relations
Client Access


 








 








										Why Fixed Income?										








Why Fixed Income?
Westwood
2016-10-18T22:10:17+00:00


Parker Young
Mr. Young joined Westwood in 2013 and currently serves as Vice President, Fixed Income Trader.  Mr. Young began his investment career in 2005 with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. in New York working as an Analyst on the High Yield and Distressed Debt Institutional Sales Desk.  While at Deutsche Bank, Mr. Young worked on a team developing traditional fixed income, credit derivative, and structured product solutions for Institutional Investment Managers.  Prior to joining Westwood, he worked in Institutional Sales at Tejas Securities Group, LLC and GMP Securities, LLC in Dallas, Texas.  Mr. Young earned his BA in Economics, Political Science and Public Policy from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.
CHAPTER 1: Why Fixed Income?

CHAPTER 2: Fixed Income Performance as of September 2016 

CHAPTER 3: Municipal Bonds 

CHAPTER 4: Economic Conditions as of September 2016 

CHAPTER 5: Strategies for the Current Interest Rate Environment

 










































	Contact Us - Westwood Holdings Group	






















































 





























Home
Investor Type

U.S. Institutional Investors
Private Wealth Investors
Mutual Fund Investors
Non-U.S. Investors


Investor Relations
Client Access


 








 








										Contact Us										








Contact Us
Westwood
2014-04-10T03:24:41+00:00



Westwood Trust — Dallas





 J. Porter Montgomery

President, Westwood Trust Dallas
214.756.6919
pmontgomery@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile







 Gregg Ballew, CFA, CIMA®

Senior Vice President
214.756.6914
gballew@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile


 




 Marty Brainerd

Senior Vice President
214.750.2273
mbrainerd@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile







 Nicholas W. English

Vice President, Private Client Advocate
214.756.6940
nenglish@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile


 




 Kristie Konstans

Senior Vice President 
214.756.6964
kkonstans@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile







 Melissa W. McMillian

Vice President, Trust Officer
214.756.6985
mmcmillian@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile


 




 Michael Meadows

Senior Vice President
214.750.2279 
mmeadows@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile







 Kallie S. Myers

Senior Vice President, Legal Counsel 
214.756.6911
kmyers@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile


 




 Michelle R. Neber

Vice President, Trust and Retirement Services
214.756.6984
mneber@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile







 Randall L. Root

Chairman, Westwood Trust Dallas
214.756.6980
rroot@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile


 




 Mark Walsh, CPWA®

Senior Vice President
214.750.2265
mwalsh@westwoodgroup.com
View Profile








































	Private Wealth Investors - Westwood Holdings Group	


























































 




 
























Home
Investor Type

U.S. Institutional Investors
Private Wealth Investors
Mutual Fund Investors
Non-U.S. Investors


Investor Relations
Client Access


 








 





Read on to learn more about the latest addition to our Private Wealth Team.“We treat everyone with respect, always look for ways to improve the company and ourselves, have some fun and celebrate long careers!” Brian O. Casey, CEO of Westwood HoldingsOur client first mentality is more than a slogan, it’s our fiduciary obligation.  







										Private Wealth Investors										








Private Wealth Investors
Westwood
2014-03-13T18:55:13+00:00

Welcome to client-focused private wealth management
At Westwood Trust, we help wealthy individuals and families, endowments and foundations, and small business retirement plans protect and grow their assets while pursuing the financial goals that matter most to them.
Clients First
We've earned a reputation for making our clients’ needs our top priority. Our client first mentality is more than a slogan, it is an integral part of our mission at Westwood.
As a Westwood Trust client, you will work with a Relationship Manager who will get to know you and your goals intimately. Your Relationship Manager leads a team of professionals that oversee every aspect of your wealth management strategy – from implementing your customized portfolio to answering your questions and taking care of your day-to-day needs.
Trust Administration and Management
As your trustee, we place your financial goals at the forefront, providing assistance through every aspect of the decision-making process over the course of your lifetime and beyond. From record-keeping and tax reporting, to trust administration and accounting, we aim to provide clients with services that cover a wide range of needs.
In addition to the services listed above, we also have expertise in establishing and administering private foundations.
Fiduciary Services
As a trust company, we have a fiduciary obligation to act in the best interest of our clients. With this responsibility comes objectivity in managing your investments. Furthermore, we strive to achieve transparency and fairness in our clients' portfolios.
At the center of this idea is our belief in no hidden costs.
Our fiduciary services consist of:

Estate Administration – we can serve as executor to carry out your wishes in your will
Agent and Custody Services – we can serve as agent or custodian and manage selected assets on your behalf
Individual Retirement Account (IRA) Administration – we can assist you in all aspects of administering an IRA, from establishing one to managing the assets, and everything in between

Contact us today to learn about how we can help you with your financial goals.

Westwood Trust Brochure
 






















































Westwood Trust’s “Common Trust Funds” Emerge as Bellwether Business Model for Advisors | The WealthAdvisor
















      Skip to main content
    











Search



















Westwood Trust’s “Common Trust Funds” Emerge as Bellwether Business Model for Advisors













Westwood Trust’s “Common Trust Funds” Emerge as Bellwether Business Model for Advisors














 



Jerry Cooper
Contributor


January 22, 2010


Exclusive 
CEO says new funds can be started in minutes, not months, at a fraction of the cost of a mutual fund.
Earlier this month The Trust Advisor reported Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. (NYSE:  WHG), through its trust company unit Westwood Trust, helped forge gains by landing large new accounts while other firms sat on the sidelines. Westwood managed to bring in $2 billion in new assets during the toughest year in recent financial memory.
As part two of our report on Westwood Trust, I had an opportunity to chat once again with Brian Casey, President and CEO of Westwood, to drill down into the topic of interest to most wealth advisors – common trust funds.
New Money from an Old Idea
Simply stated, common trust funds or “CTFs” permit the commingling or pooling of investors’ money into one account (known as a common fund) for the purpose of creating a single investment. In other words, they are much like a mutual fund. They actually pre-date mutual funds so they are an old concept. Since they are a bank product, CTFs are not required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and they are not considered to be a security under state and federal securities laws. They are regulated under OCC Regulation 9 (12 CFR 9.18) and are supervised by state or federal bank regulators.
Casey says there are two types of CTFs. The first are common trust funds or CTFs, a product of a bank or trust company established as a convenience to the trust client. The second are collective investment funds or CIFs. These are utilized primarily by large qualified plan sponsors who are seeking institutional pricing for a large pool of retirement assets such as 401ks.  They strike an NAV daily and trade on Fundserve.   Casey adds, “We actually have one of these that we developed for a Fortune 100 company 401k plan and the data is available in Morningstar.”
But Westwood’s power products are the CTFs, common trust funds. They are private and only available to clients of Westwood Trust. Casey says that “they are only available to our clients who have a bona fide personal trust relationship with the trust company.” Their minimum account size is $2 million which can be either a taxable or retirement account. But, in other words, to benefit “you have to be a trust client and have seven figures with us to be part of the club.”
According to the Westwood’s 10K quarterly report for the year ending September 30, 2009, $1.4 billion of its $9.5 billion or 15% of its assets under management are held in common trust fund relationships.
The Strategies
Westwood runs 31 separate common trust funds which are based on 15 asset classes. Casey adds, “With institutional quality and thoughtful asset allocation, the client is given a better shot of achieving what it is that they’re trying to do than picking a mutual fund off a list.”
To the client, “expenses matter.” With a CTF the only charge is a management fee.  There is no legal, accounting,  transfer agent or fund supermarket fees that are normally part of a mutual fund fee structure.
Westwood offers five different “flavors” of value. This includes small-cap, all-cap, large-cap , mid‑cap and smid-cap value. As for income, they offer five types of income products including investment grade bonds, REITs, High Yield and two unique income funds.
They have an esoteric type of fund called the Income Opportunity Fund. This allows them to participate in a company through different parts of its capital structure. This might include, for example, a high dividend paying common stock, a preferred stock, or part of a company’s debt in the form of a bond. Or, they might own royalty trusts or MLPs.
They just started a popular Global Diversification Fund CTF. The strategy on this vehicle is to focus on investor purchasing power protection. Casey remarks, “As U.S. citizens, we have a lot of obstacles that could diminish the purchasing power of our savings, like inflation or the potential decline of the U.S. dollar.” This fund might hold global TIPs or treasury inflation protected securities, global bonds, gold, and other types of commodities.
While Westwood manages all of the domestic value and income funds, Westwood employs outside subadvisors chosen by Westwood’s investment committee with assistance from an outside consulting firm. To manage the domestic growth funds, Westwood uses William Blair in Chicago as their subadvisor.
For International Value, Westwood uses Lazard based in London and for International Growth, Westwood employs Martin Currie based in Scotland. The fees paid to subadvisors come out of Westwood’s pocket as opposed to any additional fee to the client.  Casey says, “Asset allocation is critical to long-term investment success."
Westwood is a world-class investor in the value and income space, but we recognize that investors need access to both domestic and international strategies to complete their asset allocation plan.  We have a talented consultant on retainer and an experienced investment committee to help us identify best in class subadvisors.”
Technical Items
A major part of hosting a selection of common trust funds servicing close to $1.5 billion is the technology platform. The two major factors that must be considered for any common trust fund trust accounting systems are (1) to keep track of each investors holding and (2) to be able to strike a daily NAV calculation for each fund.
Westwood uses a trust accounting system called Infovisa. Casey said they have been working with Infovisa for over 10 years and they deliver a “great system.” He remarked that the folks that started Infovisa came out of SunGard.
SunGard offers two trust accounting systems to support CTF processing. The two systems are: Charlotte, which is utilized primarily by firms with zero to US$2 billion in trust assets. Customers include smaller community banks and private trust companies as well as startup firms. The other is AddVantage, which is typically used by large regional and national banks, with no theoretical size maximum in terms of assets, transactions, or users.
Each of the systems has been designed to work in conjunction with SunGard’s wealth management platform solution, Wealth Station. The trust platforms are also able to utilize the trade execution and compliance tools of the SunGard Transaction Network (STN).
Advent also offers a common trust fund system. It is actually a mutual fund system, but may be used to keep track of CTFs.
Taking  Action
Common trust fund arrangements offer clients lower fees than mutual funds. That together with the enormous flexibility to create a pooled investment vehicle in minutes means that CTFs are likely to become an important part of the investment landscape.
The ease with which a trust company can be established in South Dakota, Nevada or Delaware by investment managers, has made inroads to this field, establishing a kind of “turnkey” service, which allows investment managers and plan administrators to easily establish new common trust funds arrangements.
Jerry Cooper, senior editor, The Trust Advisor Blog. Steven Maimes contributed to the research.





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.





Popular





Washington Wire

Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s








News

Scaramucci White House Win Leaves Wall Street Enemies Gasping 








Washington Wire

White House declines to apologize to Boy Scouts








Washington Wire

Bannon’s Plan to Tax Top Earners 44% to Be Considered by GOP








Commentaries

Yes, Trump Could Pardon Himself, Then All Hell Would Break Loose













More Articles


 

  










Living Rich


A Private Jet Experience Can Cost as Little as $59



                        
            The private aviation market is evolving, with even non-millionaires now able to get a taste of the private jet lifestyle.
      
        
         





  










Washington Wire


White House declines to apologize to Boy Scouts



                        
            The subsequent criticism prompted Michael Surbaugh, the Boy Scouts’s chief scout executive, to release an apology letter on Thursday.
      
        
         







More Articles







Popular





Washington Wire

Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s








News

Scaramucci White House Win Leaves Wall Street Enemies Gasping 








Washington Wire

White House declines to apologize to Boy Scouts








Washington Wire

Bannon’s Plan to Tax Top Earners 44% to Be Considered by GOP








Commentaries

Yes, Trump Could Pardon Himself, Then All Hell Would Break Loose



















