










West Family Investments, Inc. Buys Energy Transfer Partners LP, Neovasc Inc, CF Industries ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































West Family Investments, Inc. Buys Energy Transfer Partners LP, Neovasc Inc, CF Industries ...


May 03, 2017, 02:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


West Family Investments, Inc.New Purchases: 4ETA , CF , CDTX , MDLY, OCN,Added Positions:NVCN, PFLT, BKD, NEWT, SLD, TCRD,Reduced Positions:SUI, CIM, LVLT, GS, BXMT, CFG, AINV, SYF,Sold Out:C, AXP, ETP, ETP, GSBD, THC, STAR, BWP, TOT, SFR,For the details of West Family Investments, Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=West+Family+Investments%2C+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of West Family Investments, Inc.Level 3 Communications Inc ( LVLT ) - 1,797,470 shares, 20.05% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.88%Chimera Investment Corp ( CIM ) - 2,777,981 shares, 10.92% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 18.48%West Corp ( WSTC ) - 1,591,636 shares, 7.56% of the total portfolio.Enterprise Products Partners LP ( EPD ) - 679,022 shares, 3.64% of the total portfolio.CYS Investments Inc ( CYS ) - 2,139,532 shares, 3.32% of the total portfolio.New Purchase: Energy Transfer Partners LP (4ETA)West Family Investments, Inc. initiated holdings in Energy Transfer Partners LP. The purchase prices were between $31.41 and $37.45, with an estimated average price of $34.73. The stock is now traded at around $33.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.44%. The holdings were 61,380 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: CF Industries Holdings Inc (CF)West Family Investments, Inc. initiated holdings in CF Industries Holdings Inc. The purchase prices were between $28.68 and $36.85, with an estimated average price of $32.62. The stock is now traded at around $25.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 30,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX)West Family Investments, Inc. initiated holdings in Cidara Therapeutics Inc. The purchase prices were between $6.95 and $11.7, with an estimated average price of $8.78. The stock is now traded at around $7.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.15%. The holdings were 100,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Medley Management Inc (MDLY)West Family Investments, Inc. initiated holdings in Medley Management Inc. The purchase prices were between $7.95 and $10.1, with an estimated average price of $9.37. The stock is now traded at around $7.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 40,134 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN)West Family Investments, Inc. initiated holdings in Ocwen Financial Corp. The purchase prices were between $4.24 and $5.94, with an estimated average price of $5.08. The stock is now traded at around $2.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 40,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Neovasc Inc (NVCN)West Family Investments, Inc. added to the holdings in Neovasc Inc by 50.00%. The purchase prices were between $1.15 and $2.06, with an estimated average price of $1.52. The stock is now traded at around $1.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.3%. The holdings were 3,000,010 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Citigroup Inc (C)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in Citigroup Inc. The sale prices were between $55.68 and $61.55, with an estimated average price of $59.14.Sold Out: Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in Energy Transfer Partners LP. The sale prices were between $31.41 and $37.45, with an estimated average price of $34.73.Sold Out: American Express Co (AXP)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in American Express Co. The sale prices were between $75.32 and $81.92, with an estimated average price of $78.18.Sold Out: Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in Energy Transfer Partners LP. The sale prices were between $31.41 and $37.45, with an estimated average price of $34.73.Sold Out: Goldman Sachs BDC Inc (GSBD)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in Goldman Sachs BDC Inc. The sale prices were between $22.51 and $25.43, with an estimated average price of $24.32.Sold Out: Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC)West Family Investments, Inc. sold out the holdings in Tenet Healthcare Corp. The sale prices were between $15.4 and $22.67, with an estimated average price of $18.55.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with NVCN. Click here to check it out.NVCN 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of NVCNPeter Lynch Chart of NVCNPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        LVLT
                                    
, 

                                        CIM
                                    
, 

                                        WSTC
                                    
, 

                                        EPD
                                    
, 

                                        CYS
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





LVLT








69%



Rate It





CIM








88%



Rate It





WSTC








0%



Rate It





EPD








100%



Rate It





CYS








75%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































West Family Investments, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:46 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of West Family Investments, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
West Family Investments, Inc. is a privately owned family office. The firm invests in public equity markets. West Family Investments, Inc. is based in Evanston, Illinois.


1603 Orrington MapSuite 810Evanston, IL 60201United States



Phone: 847-328-0747

Fax: 312-262-2038








Key Executives for West Family Investments, Inc.




Mr. James Young CFA


      	Investment Analyst
      








Mr. Randall I. Rochman


      	Analyst
      


Age: 58
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

West Family Investments, Inc. Key Developments

West Family Investments, Inc. Presents at Wells Fargo Middle Market Leadership Forum, Nov-18-2015 03:45 PM
Sep 22 15
West Family Investments, Inc. Presents at Wells Fargo Middle Market Leadership Forum, Nov-18-2015 03:45 PM. Venue: The Plaza Hotel, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Randy Rochman, Analyst.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact West Family Investments, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS - WEST FAMILY | West Family Investments – Hanlon Investment Management – Stock Investing Management.















































WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS – WEST FAMILY




West Family Investments
West Family Investments – Hanlon Investment Management – Stock Investing Management. 
West Family Investments



 investments

An act of devoting time, effort, or energy to a particular undertaking with the expectation of a worthwhile result


The action or process of investing money for profit or material result


A thing that is worth buying because it may be profitable or useful in the future


(invest) make an investment; “Put money into bonds”


(invest) endow: give qualities or abilities to


(invest) furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors



 family

a social unit living together; “he moved his family to Virginia”; “It was a good Christian household”; “I waited until the whole house was asleep”; “the teacher asked how many people made up his home”


A group consisting of parents and children living together in a household


primary social group; parents and children; “he wanted to have a good job before starting a family”


A group of people related to one another by blood or marriage


The children of a person or couple


class: a collection of things sharing a common attribute; “there are two classes of detergents”



 west

situated in or facing or moving toward the west


The direction toward the point of the horizon where the sun sets at the equinoxes, on the left-hand side of a person facing north, or the part of the horizon lying in this direction


The western part of the world or of a specified country, region, or town


The compass point corresponding to this


the countries of (originally) Europe and (now including) North America and South America


to, toward, or in the west; “we moved west to Arizona”; “situated west of Boston”


    12-14 West 130th Street Houses




    West 130th Street, Harlem, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States
The group of buildings known as Astor Row is comprised of 28 houses,  effectively grouped in pairs, extending along most of the south side of 130th Street between Fifth ,Avenue and Lenox Avenue. They were bull t as a speculative development in the 1800s at a time when William Astor owned this land. Their architectural details are unusual for their place and time and their coherent style sets them apart from other remaining 19th-century rowhouses In the Harlem area. As a group, they create a pleasant streetfront, recalling a period when Harlem was changing from a country town to an urbanized area.
Practically all the houses that stand in Harlem today were built in the period beginning in the 1870s through the first decade of the 20th century. Exclusive homes such as those on Striver’s Row in the St. Nicholas Historic District, helped establish Harlem as a center of fashion and elegance. The area also boasted rows of more modest brownstones, the popular Polo Grounds, and the distinguished Harlem Opera House. Some speculators made tremendous profits by Buying and re-selling land.
Prices increased so dramatically that one old-timer complained In 1839, ”When I see the prices real estate Is now bringing In Harlem, It makes me feel that I was a fool for not making investments years ago when property was so cheap." One  canny Investor was John Jacob Astor. Adhering to his own principles of buying land In outlying areas of New York on the certain conviction that the city would eventually grow to meet them, he hea purchased a number of lots In Harlem at an auction in 1844.
Astor’s creed was to pay less than premium price because the land was uninhabited or farmland. lie was content to hold onto his lots for long periods, allowing them to remain empty until someone came along who was Interested In Improving them.
The block of West 130th Street between Fifth and Lenox Avenues was purchased by Astor In 1844 for $10,000.  When Astor died in 1848, the block passed with the rest of his estate to his son William Backhouse Astor. William B. Astor’s holdings were In turn bequeathed in 1375 to his sons John Jacob Astor III and William Astor.
These two created a partition agreement in 1878, dividing the Inherl.ted real estate between themselves. On this block In Harlem, John Jacob Astor III received the southern half of the block which faces 129th Street (Jots 1-36), while William Astor held title to the northern half, facing 130th Street (lots 37-12). Astor Row was constructed on part of this latter section in the early 1880s, during the tremendous Harlem building boom. In 189), as part of William Astor’s will, the houses were divided among his grandchildren, Mary, James and Sarah Van Alen. They maintained ownership until the second and third decade of the 20th century. During their ownership these were single family dwellings, housing middle-and upper-middle-class whites. "people of taste and wealth") from downtown Manhattan. 
In 1920, the houses were described by a New York Times reporter "as one of the most attractive and exclusive home centres" in Harlem, presenting "a picture of domestic tranquility and comfort which few other  blocks in the city possess." Sarah Van Alen was the first of the Astor Row land holders to sell, divesting herself of nos. 42-62 (lots 59-103) in 1912. The rest of Astor Row was held by Mary and James Van Alen until 1920 and 1921, respectively. An all-white enclave until that time, Astor Row was described in Claude Clay’s novel, Home to Harlem (New York, 1928) as "the block beautiful." By the time these lots were sold, Harlem was predominately populated by African-Americans. During the next ten years, Harlem changed from a promising black community to a deplorable slum. A tremendous need for housing due to the influx of blacks from the South and from the West Indies, as well as exorbitant rents for the living spaces that existed led to the subdIvision of houses like those on Astor Row. 
Although built for single families, within a short time they were carved up into boarding houses and single-room- ,. occupancy dwellings. Their ownership changed often during these years, as did the tenants and the modifications to the interiors. These buildings on Astor Row provide an excellent study in the development and change of the community of Harlem. Today, most of these buildings remain divided into single room or small apartments. The only exception is no. 62 which is owned by and serves the Pentecostal Faith Church.
 The 28 buildings of Astor Row were constructed in three groups. 
Nos. 8-22 were built first, in 1880-1881, the architect was Charles Buek.
The second group of houses, nos. 24-30, was built in 1882-1883, while the final section, nos. 40-62, was erected later in 1883. The design of the last twenty houses, created without benefit of an architect, was almost identi
    
    447 West 24th Street Houses




    Chelsea, Manhattan
No. 447 West 24th Street was erected by Philo V. Beebe, a neighborhood builder, as part of a long row of handsome, mid-19th century three-story houses. Set behind landscaped front yards, 15 feet deep, the row now affords a welcome contrast to the towering, sixteen-story London Terrace apartments across the street. In contrast, the houses retain an appealing sense of human scale.
These dignified residences were part of the expanding Chelsea community. This included, at the time of construction, an imposing row of earlier Greek Revival residences—the original London Terrace—on the north side of 23rd Street, between Ninth and Tenth Avenues and, back to back with it, the modest Gothic Revival row houses known as Chelsea Cottages, on the south side of 24th Street* These narrow little houses, built primarily to house the people employed by the well-to-do merchants on 23rd Street, were erected three years before Nos. 437-459 West 2lith Street. 
The latter were built in response to a need for more housing in the area for business and professional people.
The row was erected by Beebe, the builder, in association with Beverly Robinson, counsellor-at-law, who had owned the land since 1820, and George F. Talman, who acquired it on April 2^, I8it9. Robinson, however, retained an interest in the property while the houses were under construction. Beverly Robinson (1779-1857) was closely associated, both as a friend and as an attorney, with successive generations of the Clarke and Hoore families, heirs of the estate once known as Chelsea Farm. From 1817 through the early 1830s Robinson gradually expanded his holdings in the area. Both he and Clement Clark Moore served for four decades as trustees of Columbia College.
In 1849-1850, at the time of their erection, the residences at Nos. 437-459 West 24th Street were among the large and imposing houses in the area. Originally, the row consisted of twelve individual brick houses, later reduced to eleven as the result of the combination of Nos. 443 and 445.
They were built as six pairs, with doorways and stoops adjoining in neighborly fashion, resulting in the sharing of the center handrailing.. Transitional in style, the houses display an interesting combination of features from both the earlier Greek Revival and newer Italianate modes. The basic proportions, however, are Greek Revival. Later 19th century modifications to some of the houses introduced Neo-Grec and Queen Anne features, followed by the popular neo-Federal style of the 20th century. Thus, they represent more than a century of architectural development. In general, the houses retain their setback behind front yards, their original height, bold, modillioned roof cornices and ironwork—features which contribute to the unity of the row, as a very special feature of the neighborhood and of Manhattan.
No. 447 West 24.th Street, erected in 1849-50, is set behind a low brick wall. The yard has a curved, pebbled area affording play space for young children. The house is constructed of brick and retains its high stoop, which was originally paired with No. 447, its long parlor-floor windows, fine ironwork and rusticated basement. The handrailings at the wide stoop are cast in a variant of the Italianate style of the 1850s. 
At the left side, the spiral hand-railing rests upon decorative volutes at each riser. A newel post, surmounted by a little urn, terminates the handrailing at the right side of the stoop. The house has been extensively altered in the neo-Federal manner. The doorway is enframed by three high sidelights and a small fanlight set into the transom area. The window sash is nine-over-nine at the parlor floor and six-over-six at the upper two stories. Exterior blinds flank the windows and metal cornices have been added above the older lintels and cornices. 
The building has been raised and has a modillioned roof cornice, influenced by the French Neo-Grec style, with three louvered vents cut into the fascia. One of the interesting features of this property appears between Nos. 447 and 449 where the yard railing, which has an attractive fleur-de-lis design, has been adjusted to accommodate the thick trunk of the large ailanthus tree in the yard of No 447. TThe first owner of this dignified house was Julia Ann Gray, wife of George Gray, who purchased the house as an investment from the builder in March 1851. The Grays lived at 32 Washington Square.
– From the 1970 NYCLPC Landmark Designation Report


Share this:TwitterFacebook



sidebar


Search for:




Archives



Categories

No categories 

Meta

Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 



 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.












Post to



Cancel







 











 










































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















		   West Partners | Direct investing for the long run.	






























Direct investing for the long run.			






Home
Team
Portfolio
Investment Criteria
News
Contact
 






Senior Living 


Real Estate Development 


Illinois Gaming 


Payment Processing 


Construction Software 







 
West Partners is a San Diego based investment firm, making direct investments in private companies. As part of the Gary and Mary West Family Office, all of our capital comes from the West Family.  Given our flexible approach to investment structure and our long-term investment horizon, we seek partners to build great businesses over decades, not just years.
 
We seek controlling stakes in companies operating in growing markets, with strong management teams.  West Partners offers numerous advantages as your source of capital, including:
 

Permanent capital base, with no outside investors
Flexible approach to investment structure and investment horizon
Focus on value creation
Strong belief in incentives for your management team
Modest use of leverage, to allow for operational flexibility

We are investors, not operators. We partner with proven managers who build great businesses, and we share the rewards.
 
West Partners is part of the West Family, which includes the Gary and Mary West Foundation, West Health Institute and its affiliated entities. Founded by Gary and Mary West, the West Health Institute is dedicated to supporting and creating healthcare delivery models that enable seniors to successfully age on their own terms, preserving and protecting their dignity, quality of life and independence.






West PartnersHome		




We appreciate every investment opportunity we receive and promise a prompt response as to our initial level of interest.

 

 

Contact Information 5796 Armada Drive, Suite 300
Carlsbad, CA 92008
Phone: (760) 602-5757




			© Copyright 2017 West Partners			






















West Family Investments LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























west family investments llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
West Family Investment, LLC provides investment management services. The Company serves customers in the State of Illinois.




Corporate Information
Address:

1603 Orrington Avenue
Suite 810
Evanston, IL 60201
United States


Phone:
1-847-328-0747


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































West Family Investments, Inc. | West Family Investments, Inc. Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























West Family Investments, Inc. 

                Last Update: 05-03-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 88

                    Number of New Stocks: 5




                    Total Value: $514 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 2%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




West Family Investments, Inc. has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



West Family Investments, Inc. has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





West Family Investments, Inc. has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



West Family Investments, Inc. has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






West Family Investments, Inc.'s Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK






















West Family Investments Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


West Family Investments Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC.
                    

•   EVANSTON, IL
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             West Family Investments is based out of Evanston.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $520,049,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 57.81%. West Family Investments's largest holding is Level 3 Communications, Inc. with shares held of 1,797,470.  West Family Investments has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 19 13Fs and  8 13D/G filings in our database for West Family Investments. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


BKD
        
        Brookdale Senior Li...
0.447%



SLD
        
        Sutherland Asset Ma...
0.295%



NVCN
        
        Neovasc Inc
0.273%



PFLT
        
        PennantPark Floatin...
0.247%



MVC
        
        MVC Capital Corp.
0.243%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


SPXC
         (CALL)
         SPX Corp.
4.139%


SUI
         
         Sun Communities, Inc.
2.257%


GS
         
         Goldman Sachs Group
0.728%


C
         
         Citigroup, Inc.
0.416%


AXP
         
         American Express
0.391%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


LVLT
                                                  
                                                  Level 3 Communications, Inc.
19.8337%


CIM
                                                  
                                                  Chimera Investment Corp
10.8044%


WSTC
                                                  
                                                  West Corporation
7.4739%


EPD
                                                  
                                                  Enterprise Products Partner...
3.605%


CYS
                                                  
                                                  CYS Investments, Inc.  
3.2839%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $520.049 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $567.725 Million
New Purchases6 stocks
Additional Purchases7 stocks
Sold out of27 stocks
Reduced holdings in11 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %57.81%
Turnover %
                        [1]:36.67%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:15.56%
Time Held Top20:12.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:8.70 quarters
Time Held All:11.91 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
3.83%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
20.64%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export








Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC.
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




































WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






WEST FAMILY INVESTMENTS, INC.






1603 ORRINGTON AVE, SUITE 810, EVANSTON,  Illinois, 60201, (847) 328-0747


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
97


New Positions
4


Increased Positions
11


Decreased Positions
24


Positions with Activity
35


Sold Out Positions
14


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
514



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
7.05%


Basic Materials
3.94%


Industrials
1.24%


Consumer Cyclicals
1.47%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
0.17%


Financials
45.67%


Healthcare
9.03%


Technology
9.21%


Telecommunication Services
20.68%


Utilities
0.52%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






97 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS INC
COM NEW
106,374
-7,856
(6.88)
1,797,470


CHIMERA INVT CORP
COM NEW
51,893
-11,766
(18.48)
2,777,981


WEST CORP
COM
37,181

New
1,591,636


ENTERPRISE PRODS PARTNERS L P
COM
18,463

New
679,022


CYS INVTS INC
COM
18,015

New
2,139,532


STRYKER CORP
COM
17,462

New
121,220


ANNALY CAP MGMT INC
COM
16,206

New
1,361,822


TWO HBRS INVT CORP
COM
12,802

New
1,307,654


BROOKDALE SR LIVING INC
COM
12,498
861
7.40
870,940


MVC CAPITAL INC
COM
11,430
15
.13
1,105,397


GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
COM
10,941
-4,341
(28.41)
49,400


SOLAR CAP LTD
COM
10,476

New
479,013


MFA FINL INC
COM
10,416

New
1,218,300


SUN CMNTYS INC
COM
9,814
-16,283
(62.39)
110,433


BARRICK GOLD CORP
COM
9,624

New
582,197


SOLAR SR CAP LTD
COM
8,159

New
462,777


SUTHERLAND ASSET MGMT CORP MD
COM
7,598
506
7.13
520,429


ELLINGTON FINANCIAL LLC
COM
7,122

New
442,344


NEWMONT MINING CORP
COM
7,024

New
192,763


APOLLO COML REAL EST FIN INC
COM
6,972

New
389,286




<< first< previous12345next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































