










 





Westchester Capital Management Expands Investment and Operations Teams | FINalternatives






























 




Saturday, 29 July 2017
Last updated 5 hours ago










Send us News Tips!







 








HomepageAbout UsDirectoryEventsConferencesWebinarsCharity EventsJobsAdvertiseFuturesHard AssetsFINtech 



The Daily Alpha
Hedge Funds
Private Equity
Liquid Alts.
People Moves
Regulation
Halls of Justice
Institutional
Tech & Services
Indices
In Depth
Contributors
Lifestyle







Westchester Capital Management Expands Investment and Operations Teams
Jun 11 2015  |  1:56am ET

Westchester Capital Management, an investment adviser focusing on liquid alternative investment strategies, announced the addition of two new members to its team.
Michael Corigliano has joined WCM's Investment Management Team, fulfilling dual roles as analyst and trader; meanwhile, Amy Nazimiec has joined the Business Management and Operations team as Associate Compliance Officer. 
Both will be based in WCM’s Valhalla, New York office.
“We’ve expanded our suite of investment solutions as part of our long-term growth strategy, especially with the launch of several event–driven products over the past year, and adding talented professionals is essential to ensuring we continue to execute at highest level for our clients,” said Roy Behren, managing member and co-portfolio manager at Westchester Capital Management.
Corigliano began his career at Citigroup, later working as an equity derivatives trader for Capstone Investment Advisors and Rodman & Renshaw/Hudson Securities. Prior to joining WCM, he was an Equity Derivatives Portfolio Manager at Bell Curve Capital.
Nazimiec began her career in 2005 at BlackRock and developed her operations and compliance skills at Old Mutual Asset Management Trust Company. Prior to joining WCM, she was a Compliance Analyst at Towers Watson Investment Services.
“Michael’s expertise in event-driven investing and derivative strategies will enhance our ability to construct market neutral portfolios and structure alpha-generating trades,” said Michael Shannon, managing member and co-portfolio manager at Westchester Capital Management, “and Amy’s exceptional track record operating with some of the country’s largest financial firms will bolster our operations team.” 
Westchester Capital Management manages approximately $6 billion in assets through a variety of vehicles, including mutual funds, hedge funds, UCITS funds and variable insurance products. In 1989, the company launched the industry's first liquid alternative mutual fund dedicated to merger arbitrage.






 E-mail This

 Print This

 Order Reprints

 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Facebook.













< Previous Article 

Next Article > 


 


More News
Ardian Inks €300M Secondaries Deal With UnicreditConvexity Capital Management Said To Trim Staff As AUM DeclinesMorgan Stanley Said To Prep $500M Special Situations FundUncia Asset Management Unveils New Quant-Based Small Cap UCITS FundApollo Sets Record With $24.6B Capital Raise For New PE FundCiti Private Bank's Bailin Promoted To Global Head Of InvestmentsAckman's Pershing Square Said To Take Stake In ADPPartners Group Raises €6B For Direct Private Equity ProgramCerberus Takes 5% Stake in Germany's CommerzbankYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundLiquidityBook Names Ex-Twitter Exec Carroll To Chief Architect PostNeuberger Berman Raises $450M For CLO Risk Retention PoolPreqin: Investors In Asia Pacific Increase Hedge Fund AllocationsOCIO Specialist Hirtle Callaghan Taps Evans For Client Engagement 



In DepthAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund IndustryJul 26 2017  |  5:55pm ETIt is a hedge fund industry truism that the largest managers receive the most attention...LifestyleCFA Institute To Add Computer Science To Exam CurriculumMay 24 2017  |  9:25pm ETStarting in 2019, financial industry executives sitting for the coveted Chartered...Guest ContributorRastegar: PE Real Estate Gains Momentum as Uncertainty RisesJul 21 2017  |  6:04pm ETThe steady march of equity markets and fundamental shift in the direction of Fed...  


  
    
    Error

FINalternatives Trending
more >>FINalternatives Most Popular


 Page not found   

 Page not found   

more >>more >>



From the current issue of
  
 


 Reading Between the Lines: Trading with Envelopes 
 The Moving Average Envelope can confirm trends and signal overbought/oversold conditions. It is a valuable tool for your technical toolbox.
  

 See more select articles from MODERN TRADER >>
View past issues of MODERN TRADER>>
Subscribe to the magazine >>
 

Hard Assets Trending
more >>Futures Trending


 EUR/USD: What now for the fallen King Dollar?  

 Crude: Shale pains and OPEC   

 Crude’s Saudi-inspired rally continues  

 Give me those old time fundamentals  

 Gold: Preparing for THE bottom (part four)  

more >>



Upcoming Events

Total Alts 2017The 2nd Annual Evidence-Based Investing Conference



 












Subscribe



Follow



Magazine



 







FUTURES Magazine
Commodities
ETFs
Financials
Forex
Managed Funds
Market Analysis
News
Options
Regulation
Technology
Trading Strategies
Education
FUTURES Op-Ed

Futures


Favorites

Alpha Pages Editorial
FUTURES Magazine
Slideshows & Lists

Special Topics

Alpha Hunters
Bad Boys
High-Frequency Trading
Trader's Life
Trading Strategies





Trading Floor

Market Data
Hot Charts
Interactive Charts
LIVE S&P SQUAWK New!
Trading Calendar



FINalternatives


Hard Assets

Home
Base Metals
Precious Metals
Rare Earth Metals
Commodities
Mining Investments



The Alpha Pages


Alpha TV


All +


Follow Us +

FUTURES Magazine
Newsletters
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
RSS Feeds



About Us +

About
Advertise
Contact
Contribute
Privacy Policy






               ! 
            




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














About Us
























 
 






















							Home
						



							About Us
						



							BIOGRAPHIES
						





			Cindy Christensen
		





			Donna Nelson
		





			Max Vogt
		





			Amy Byrne
		





			Bobbi Catron
		





			Pat Murray
		





			Terri Garner
		







							Investment Style
						



							Privacy
						



							Definitions
						



							Contact Us
						













Why Westchester Capital Management?WCM provides individually tailored portfolios designed to meet your needs and objectivesWCM offers an experienced management teamWCM follows consistent strategies and a philosophy with long term objectivesWCM provides you with flexibility and ready access to your assetsWCM is dedicated to high standards of quality, service, ethics and professionalismIntroductionWestchester Capital was founded in January 1987 to manage investment assets--primarily stocks and bonds--for individuals, trusts, corporations, IRA's, pension plans and profit sharing plans. Westchester Capital's management style is based on the assumption that a balanced, wisely diversified portfolio of selected stocks and bonds coupled with a longer term holding period will outperform an actively traded portfolio. Westchester Capital believes the investment process is both a science and an art form. It requires intuition, experience, sound business practices, the ability to sense patterns of behavior, while balancing a client's needs, objectives and risk parameters. It is a goal of Westchester Capital to emphasize these capabilities throughout its process. Westchester Capital is a fee-only, registered investment adviser that provides professional investment advice. Because WCM and its staff are not affiliated with a broker/dealer or insurance agency, we do not sell commissionable security products, insurance products, or proprietary investments. This allows us to reduce our potential conflicts of interest thus resulting in a portfolio that is client driven, not product driven.Organizational Structure and ExperienceWestchester Capital Management's organizational structure is designed to be simple, yet effective. Its purpose is to help the firm build quality investment portfolios over a period of time while recognizing the risk tolerance, income needs and service needs of each client.Westchester Capital is headed by Cindy L. Christensen, President and Chief Executive Officer. Cindy serves as Chairman of the Investment Committee and the Portfolio Management Committee. Other members of these committees are Donna Erickson-Nelson and Maximilian Vogt. The Investment Committee actively monitors cash and securities positions of the individual portfolios. As chairman of these committees, Cindy reviews all information presented and makes the final decision on any actions taken by the firm as a whole or on individual accounts. For more information on the staff at Westchester Capital, please see the biographies page.Westchester Capital is owned entirely by its investment professionals. It has no direct or indirect ownership relationship with any bank, insurance company, broker or syndication. Accordingly, Westchester Capital does not feel it has the conflict of interest that some financial advisers have when they recommend investments in stocks and bonds or other products that have been underwritten or are owned by their company or an affiliate. Westchester Capital's only business is investment management.Client Contact and CommunicationsWestchester Capital utilizes a client data base information system that permits for the creation of many different portfolio reports, including periodic appraisal and performance reports. Additional reports include security gains/losses, dividend and interest income, as well as client asset holdings with cost and current market values. In addition to monthly statements from the client's custodian, each client is provided a Westchester Capital quarterly Portfolio Appraisal, which lists cash and equivalents, equity holdings and fixed income holdings. In addition, the client will see a description of their assets, unit costs, total costs, present unit value, market value, percentage of assets and current yield. Westchester Capital also provides annual performance reports. With the client being top priority, the firm will always make reports available upon request.The Westchester Capital's Portfolio Managers are available at all times to meet with you and review your investment objectives. The office is open Monday through Friday from 8 AM, CST to 5 PM CST. If normal office hours are not convenient for your schedule, you will find that the Westchester Capital staff is very accommodating and will meet with you at your most opportune time. Ideally, Westchester Capital's portfolio managers would meet with clients on quarterly basis to ensure that the investment approach is consistent with attaining the intended objectives. Communication is a key ingredient to overall investment success.Westchester Capital represents a wide variety of clients with a diversity of needs. While most of Westchester Capital's clients are located throughout the Midwest, its client base extends to the extreme southeastern and northwestern United States. Westchester Capital does not actively market its services.Management FeesWestchester Capital is a fee-only registered investment adviser, with the fee based on the total asset value of client accounts. For a copy of Westchester Capital's current fee schedule, please contact us at 1 (800) 759-2434. As Westchester Capital does not receive any type of commission for transactions; it is not motivated to create unnecessary trading activity in its clients' accounts. All client assets are held by an outside custodian, allowing clients increased control over their assets, as well as flexibility and ready availability of funds, should the need arise.ConclusionWestchester Capital designs and separately manages each client's portfolio. Westchester Capital does not commingle equity investments. When opening a new account at the firm, the portfolio manager helps to determine the client's investment goals and objectives and then selects securities based on those conclusions.Westchester Capital strives to coordinate clients' accounts to achieve investment diversification. The firm also diversifies individual portfolios by selecting combinations of cash equivalents, fixed income investments and stocks selected from various sectors of the economy in order to minimize different types of risk. Adjustments to the portfolio are made based on the client's changing needs and the firm's ability to find undervalued stocks.Westchester Capital is a fee-only investment adviser. The firm is not paid any form of commission. The fee is based on the total asset value of the account at the end of a quarterly billing cycle. With Westchester Capital, an individual has much greater flexibility and access to his/her assets should the need arise.Westchester Capital strives to maintain reports that are concise, accurate, up-to-date and easy to interpret. The firm's portfolio managers like to spend time personally going over them when possible with clients. In addition, Westchester Capital assists its clients in developing comprehensive tax and estate planning strategies. The firm coordinates these efforts with the clients' tax and estate planning professionals. Westchester Capital always gives its clients top priority.








Westchester Capital Management801 N 96th St, Omaha, NE  68114   Ph: (402) 392-2418
















✕







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Westchester Capital Export, LLC | New York



















































The Education Plan






















Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in PrivateBancorp, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












See more news on Hedge Funds




        Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in PrivateBancorp, Inc.    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jun 28, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Institutional Holdings Changes      




Background Information:


Westchester Capital Management LLC »
Westchester Capital Management (WCM) specializes in merger arbitrage strategies. The funds may invest a substantial portion of their total assets in companies which areinvolved in publicly announced mergers, takeovers, tender offers, leveraged buyouts, spin-offs, liquidations and other corporate reorganizations. WCM may employ a variety of hedging strategies to protect against issuer-related risk or other risks, including selling short the securities of the company that proposes to acquire the acquisition target and/or the purchase and sale of put and call options. The funds may enter into derivative transactions and purchase or sell other instruments of any kind for hedging purposes, duration or volatility management purposes, or to gain, or reduce exposure to one other asset classes or issuers. The funds may engage in active trading and may invest a portion of their assets to seek short-term capital appreciation. Some of the funds invest in fixed and floating rate income investments of any creditquality or maturity, including below investment grade bonds, bank debt and preferred stock and option writing strategies. On behalf of the WCM Alternatives: Event-Driven Fund, WCM may also employ the following event-driven strategies: special situations, including capital structure arbitrage and convertible arbitrage; distressed/restructuring strategies; and option income strategies. In addition to these strategies, WCM may invest in other investments or utilize other strategies.




In The News:




                            Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in The Valspar Corp.                            


                            June 6, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Syngenta AG                            


                            May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Yahoo!, Inc.                            


                            May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                        









Westchester Capital Management LLC »
Westchester Capital Management (WCM) specializes in merger arbitrage strategies. The funds may invest a substantial portion of their total assets in companies which areinvolved in publicly announced mergers, takeovers, tender offers, leveraged buyouts, spin-offs, liquidations and other corporate reorganizations. WCM may employ a variety of hedging strategies to protect against issuer-related risk or other risks, including selling short the securities of the company that proposes to acquire the acquisition target and/or the purchase and sale of put and call options. The funds may enter into derivative transactions and purchase or sell other instruments of any kind for hedging purposes, duration or volatility management purposes, or to gain, or reduce exposure to one other asset classes or issuers. The funds may engage in active trading and may invest a portion of their assets to seek short-term capital appreciation. Some of the funds invest in fixed and floating rate income investments of any creditquality or maturity, including below investment grade bonds, bank debt and preferred stock and option writing strategies. On behalf of the WCM Alternatives: Event-Driven Fund, WCM may also employ the following event-driven strategies: special situations, including capital structure arbitrage and convertible arbitrage; distressed/restructuring strategies; and option income strategies. In addition to these strategies, WCM may invest in other investments or utilize other strategies.






In The News:




 


                                                    Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in The Valspar Corp.                                                





                                     June 6, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Syngenta AG                                                





                                     May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Westchester Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Yahoo!, Inc.                                                





                                     May 17, 2017  •  RelSci                                








See more news on Hedge Funds









You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


























The Education Plan






















BBB Business Profile | Swift Capital



















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Swift Capital














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Swift Capital



Request a Quote

































Swift Capital






            Business Information
        






(302) 374-7000

Swift Capital
11 years in business

        3505 Silverside Road, Suite 201
        Wilmington, DE 19810
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (302) 792-0135
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (866) 837-1777
                        

                            (888) 923-0007
                        

                            (800) 941-5576
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            greg.buckley@swiftcapital.com
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.swiftfinancial.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 08/17/2007
            

                Business Started: 03/14/2006


                Business Incorporated: 03/14/2006 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Greg Buckley, Head of Operations
                

                    Mr. Doug Bland, President & Chief Operating Officer
                

                    Mr. Ed Harycki, C.E.O.
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            







            Service Area
        
         ALABAMA, ALASKA, AMERICAN SAMOA, ARIZONA, ARKANSAS, CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, GUAM, HAWAII, IDAHO, ILLINOIS, INDIANA, IOWA, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, LOUISIANA, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, MISSISSIPPI, MISSOURI, MONTANA, NEBRASKA, NEVADA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NEW JERSEY, NEW MEXICO, NEW YORK, NORTH CAROLINA, NORTH DAKOTA, OHIO, OKLAHOMA, OREGON, PENNSYLVANIA, PUERTO RICO, RHODE ISLAND, SOUTH CAROLINA, SOUTH DAKOTA, TENNESSEE, TEXAS, UTAH, VERMONT, VIRGIN ISLANDS, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA, WISCONSIN, WYOMING

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Swift Financial Corporation
                

                    Swift Financial
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


Swift Financial has been recognized for contact center operation customer satisfaction excellence in the live phone channel under the J.D. Power Certified Contact Center Program.SM  In order to receive this status the contact center must successfully passed an evaluation of dozens of best practices that encompass their integration of Voice of the Customer and Voice of the Employee insights into their business operations.
Nature of Business
Swift Financial provides short term business funding solutions with customizable terms striving to provide funding amounts and payments to fit the cash flow requirements of its clients.  Specific products include:  

Swift Capital Business Advance
LoanBuilder Small Business Loan   

 


Let's socialize:













 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Hours of Operation:





                
Change of address effective 8/22/2016
 








BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Swift Capital






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Swift Capital
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 07/15/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



80%




18%




[40] Positive Reviews



[1] Neutral Reviews



[9] Negative Reviews



[50] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[29] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Swift Capital has received 4.75 out of 5 stars based on 50 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print


































































This content is provided by the business and may contain advertising. BBB does not review or endorse this content.


Tweets by Swift Capital

















×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 









Westchestercapitalfunds.info





  This domain is pending renewal or has expired. Please contact the domain provider with questions.   





westchestercapitalfunds.info














Start Up Investors
Top Equity Investors
Private Equity Firms
Capital Funding Solutions
Fixed Assets Management
Capital Investment Advisors
Venture Capital Investments







Related Links:
Start Up Investors
Top Equity Investors
Private Equity Firms






 






























 Vanguard - Find Similar Products





























































Your input was invalid

























Find similar Vanguard products

Give us the name or ticker of a non-Vanguard product, and we'll find similar low-cost Vanguard exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and mutual funds. All data and scoring is provided by Morningstar®, including the methodology which scores each product on a scale of 10 (most similar) to 0 (least similar). 
Calculation methodology




Enter a product



Select from a list of products

Select product





Enter a non-Vanguard product



















ETFs

Mutual funds



Product family



A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z












 VALIC
 Value Line
 Van Eck
 Vanguard
 Vericimetry Funds
 Victory
 Viking
 Villere
 Virtus
 Vivaldi
 Vivaldi Asset Management, LLC
 Volumetric
 Vontobel
 Voya
 Vulcan Value Partners












Name
 

Category
 




















 Waddell & Reed
 Wakefield Funds
 Wall Street
 Walthausen Funds
 Wasatch
 Wasmer Schroeder
 Wavelength Funds
 Waycross
 WBI FUNDS
 WCM Investment Management
 Weiss
 Weitz
 Wellington Shields
 Wells Fargo Funds
 Wentworth, Hauser and Violich
 WesMark
 West Shore
 Westchester Capital
 Westcore
 Westfield Capital
 Westwood
 Wilbanks Smith & Thomas
 William Blair
 Williamsburg Investment Trust
 Wilmington Funds
 Wilshire Mutual Funds
 Wintergreen Funds
 Wireless
 Wisconsin Capital Management
 WOA
 World Funds
 World Funds Trust
 World Funds, Inc
 WP Trust
 Wright












Name
 

Category
 




















 T. Rowe Price
 Tanaka
 Target Program
 Taylor Frigon Capital Management
 TCM Funds
 TCW
 TD Asset Management
 Teberg
 Teton Westwood Funds
 TFS Capital Funds
 Third Avenue
 Thomas White Funds
 Thompson IM Funds Inc
 Thomson Horstmann & Bryant
 Thornburg
 Thrivent
 TIAA Investments
 Tilson Funds
 Timothy Plan
 TOBAM Core Investments
 Tocqueville
 Toews Funds
 TOPS
 Topturn
 Toreador
 Torray
 Torray Resolute
 Tortoise Capital Advisors
 Tortoise Credit Strategies
 Touchstone
 Towle & Co
 Transamerica
 TransWestern Funds
 Triad
 Tributary Funds
 Trillium Mutual Funds
 Trust for Credit Unions
 Trust for Professional Mgrs(PTIA)
 TS&W Funds
 Turner Funds
 Tweedy, Browne
 Two Oaks Investment Management, Inc.












Name
 

Category
 




















 U.S. Global Investors
 UBS Asset Management
 Upright Investments Trust
 USA Mutuals
 USAA
 USCA
 USCF












Name
 

Category
 




















 Zacks Funds
 Zeo
 Zevenbergen Capital Investments
 Ziegler












Name
 

Category
 




















 YCG FUNDS
 Yorktown Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 AAAMCO
 AAM
 Aasgard
 Abbey Capital
 Aberdeen
 ABR
 Absolute Capital
 Absolute Strategies
 AC ONE
 Acadian Funds
 ACM
 ACR Alpine Capital Research
 Acuitas Investments
 Adalta
 Adam Asset Funds
 Adams Harkness Funds
 Adirondack Funds
 Advanced Asset Management Advisors Inc
 Advantus
 AdvisorOne Funds
 Advisors Preferred
 Advisors' Inner Circle Fund III
 Advisory Research
 Aegis
 Affinity
 AIG
 Akre
 Al Frank
 Alambic
 Alger
 All Terrain Funds
 AllianceBernstein
 Allianz Funds
 Allied Asset
 AlphaCentric Funds
 AlphaMark
 AlphaOne Investment Services, LLC
 Alpine
 ALPS
 Altair
 Altegris
 Amana
 AmericaFirst Funds
 American Beacon
 American Century Investments
 American Funds
 American Growth
 American Independence
 American Money Management
 American Trust
 AMF
 AMG Funds
 AMIDEX
 Anchor
 Ancora
 Anfield
 Angel Oak
 Apex Capital Management
 Appleseed Fund
 AQR Funds
 Aquila
 Arabesque Asset Management
 Arbitrage Fund
 Archer
 Ariel Investments, LLC
 Aristotle
 Arrow Funds
 Artisan
 Ascendant
 Ashmore
 Aspen Partners
 Aspiration Funds
 Aspiriant
 Astor
 AT Funds
 ATAC Fund
 Athena Fund
 Auer
 Autosport Fund
 Auxier Funds
 Ave Maria Mutual Funds
 Avenue Capital Group
 Avondale Funds
 AXA Equitable
 Azzad Fund












Name
 

Category
 




















 Baillie Gifford Funds
 Baird
 Balter
 Barings Funds
 Baron Capital Group
 Barrett
 Barrow Funds
 Baywood
 BBH
 Beck, Mack & Oliver
 Becker
 Beech Hill
 BeeHive
 Berkshire
 Bernzott Capital Advisors
 BFS
 Biondo Investment Advisor
 Bishop Street
 BlackRock
 Blackstone
 Blue Chip Investor Fund
 Blue Current Funds
 BMO Funds
 BNY Mellon Funds
 Bogle
 Boston Common
 Boston Partners
 Boston Trust & Walden Funds
 Boyar Value Fund
 Boyd Watterson
 bp capital
 Bradesco
 Bramshill Investments
 Brandes
 Bretton Fund
 Bridge Builder
 Bridges
 Bridgeway
 Bright Rock
 Broadview Funds
 Brookfield Investment Funds
 Brown Advisory Funds
 Brown Capital Management
 Bruce
 BTS
 Buffalo
 Bullfinch












Name
 

Category
 




















 Calamos
 Caldwell & Orkin
 Calvert Investments
 Cambiar Funds
 Camelot Funds
 Campbell & Company
 Cane Capital Management
 Canterbury Investment Management
 Capital Advisors
 Capital Group
 Capital Guardian Trust Company
 Capital Management
 Cardinal Capital
 Castle Investment Management
 Castlemaine
 Catalyst Mutual Funds
 Causeway
 Cavalier
 Cavanal Hill funds
 CBOE Vest
 CCA Funds
 Cedar Ridge
 Centerstone Investors
 Centre Funds
 Century Funds
 CG funds
 CGM
 Chaconia Funds
 Chadwick & D'Amato
 Champlain Funds
 Changing Parameters, LLC
 Chartwell Investment Partners
 Chase
 Chesapeake
 Chilton Funds
 Chiron Investment Management
 Chou America
 Christopher Weil & Company, Inc.
 Cincinnati Asset Management Funds
 City National Rochdale
 Clark Fork Trust
 Clarkston Funds
 Clifford Capital
 Clipper Fund
 Clough
 CM Advisors
 CMG
 Cognios
 Cognios Capital
 Cohen & Steers
 Coho
 Collins
 Columbia
 Commerce
 Commonwealth Intl Series Tr
 Community Capital Management
 Community Development Fund
 Concorde
 Conductor
 Conestoga Capital Advisors
 Congress
 Context Asset Management
 Convergence
 Cook & Bynum Capital Management, LLC
 Copeland Capital Management, LLC
 Copley
 CornerCap
 Cornerstone
 Cortina Funds Inc
 Counterpoint Mutual Funds
 Cove Street Capital
 Covered Bridge
 Cozad
 Crawford
 Credit Suisse (New York, NY)
 CRM
 Croft
 Crow Point
 Cullen Funds Trust
 Cutler
 CVR












Name
 

Category
 




















 7Twelve












Name
 

Category
 




















 Macquarie Investment Management
 Madison Funds
 MAI
 Main Management
 MainGate Trust
 MainStay
 Mairs & Power
 Managed Futures Solutions Fund
 Manning & Napier
 Manor Investment Funds
 Marathon Funds
 Mariner Fund Group
 Marketfield Funds
 Marketocracy Funds
 Marshfield
 Marsico Investment Fund
 MassMutual
 Matrix Advisors Funds Trust
 Matrix/LMH
 Matthew 25
 Matthews Asia Funds
 McKee Funds
 MD Sass
 Measured Risk Portfolios
 Meeder Funds
 Meehan Focus
 Meridian
 Meritage Portfolio Management
 Merk Funds
 MetLife
 Metropolitan West Funds
 MFG Funds
 MFS
 MH Elite
 Midas
 Miles Capital
 Miller Investment
 Miller Value Funds
 Miller/Howard Funds Trust
 Mirae Asset Global Investments
 MOERUS FUNDS
 Moncapfund
 Mondrian
 Monetta
 Monteagle Funds
 Morgan Dempsey
 Morgan Stanley
 Motley Fool
 MP 63
 MT Lucas
 Muhlenkamp
 Mundoval Funds
 Mutual of America
 Mutualhedge
 Muzinich












Name
 

Category
 




















 YieldShares












Name
 

Category
 




















 Ladder Capital Corp
 Ladenburg Thalmann
 Lateef Investment Management LP
 Laudus Funds
 Lawson Kroeker Investment Management Inc
 Lazard
 LEADER
 Leavell
 Lee Financial Group Hawaii, Inc
 Legg Mason
 Leland Funds
 Leuthold
 Liberty Street
 Linde Hansen
 Litman Gregory Masters Funds
 LJM Funds
 LKCM
 LM Capital
 LMCG Funds
 LoCorr Funds
 Logan Capital
 Logan Circle Partners
 Long Short
 Longboard
 Longleaf Partners
 Loomis Sayles Funds
 Lord Abbett
 LSV Fund
 Lyrical












Name
 

Category
 




















 OShaughnessy Asset Management
 O'Shaughnessy Mutual Funds
 Oak Associates
 Oak Ridge Funds
 Oakhurst
 Oakmark
 Oakseed Funds
 Oaktree Funds
 Oberweis
 OCM
 Old Westbury
 Olstein
 OppenheimerFunds
 Orchard Capital Management
 Orinda Funds
 Osterweis
 Otter Creek












Name
 

Category
 




















 WBI Investments
 Wear
 WisdomTree












Name
 

Category
 




















 Nationwide
 Natixis Funds
 Navigator Funds
 Needham
 Neiman Funds
 Neuberger Berman
 New Alternatives
 New Century Portfolios
 New Covenant
 Newfound
 Nicholas
 Nile Capital Investment Trust
 North Country Funds
 North Star
 NorthCoast
 Northeast Investors
 Northern Funds
 NorthPointe Funds
 Northquest Capital Fund Inc
 Northwood
 Nottingham
 Nuance Investments
 Nuveen
 NWM Momentum
 Nysa












Name
 

Category
 




















 Validea
 valueshares
 Van Eck Global Funds
 VictoryShares
 Vident Financial
 VolMAXX












Name
 

Category
 




















 Quaker
 Queens Road Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 Pacific Advisors Funds
 Pacific Capital
 Pacific Financial
 Pacific Funds Series Trust
 Palmer Square
 Papp
 Paradigm Funds
 Parnassus
 Patriot
 Pax World
 Paydenfunds
 Payson Funds
 Pear Tree Funds
 Penn Capital Management
 Perkins
 Permanent Portfolio
 Perritt
 Persimmon Capital Management LP
 Phocas
 PIA Mutual Funds
 Piedmont
 Pimco
 PineBridge
 Pinnacle
 Pinnacle Capital Management
 Pioneer Investments
 Plan Investment Fund
 PMC Funds
 PNC Funds
 Polaris Funds
 Polen Capital
 Poplar Forest Capital
 Port Street Investments
 Portfolio Strategies
 Potkul Funds
 Power Dividend Index Fund
 Power Income Fund
 Power Momentum Index Fund
 Praxis Mutual Funds
 Preserver Funds
 Price Asset Management
 Primary Trend
 PRIMECAP Odyssey Funds
 Princeton
 Principal Funds
 Private Capital Management
 Probabilities Fund
 ProFunds
 Prospector Funds
 Provident
 Prudential Funds (PGIM Investments)
 PSG Funds
 Putnam
 Pzena












Name
 

Category
 




















 SA Funds
 Salient Funds
 Sands Capital
 Saratoga
 Sarofim
 SATUIT FUNDS
 Saturna Capital
 Saturna Sustainable Funds
 Savos Investments Trust
 Scharf Investments
 Schneider Funds
 Schroder
 Schwab Funds
 Schwartz
 ScotiaFunds
 Scout
 Seafarer Funds
 Segall Bryant & Hamill
 SEI
 Selected Funds
 Selective
 Semper
 Sentinel
 Sequoia
 Sextant Mutual Funds
 Shelton Capital Management
 Shenkman Funds
 Sierra Trust
 SilverPepper
 Sirius Funds
 Sit
 SkyBridge
 Smead Funds
 Smith Group
 Snow Capital Funds
 Sound Mind
 Sound Shore
 Soundwatch Capital
 Sparrow
 SPDR State Street Global Advisors
 Spirit of America
 Spouting Rock
 STAAR Investment Trust
 Stadion Funds
 State Farm
 State Street Global Advisors
 State Street Global Advisors (Chicago)
 State Trust
 Steben & Company
 Steinberg
 Sterling Capital Funds
 Steward Funds
 Stone Harbor
 STONE RIDGE
 Stralem Fund
 Strategic Global Advisors
 Summit Global Investments
 Superfund
 Swan
 Symons












Name
 

Category
 




















 Rainier
 Ranger Funds
 Rareview Capital
 Rational Funds
 RBB Funds
 RBC Global Asset Management.
 Reaves Select Research
 Redmont
 Redwood
 Regal
 Reinhartfunds
 REMSGroup
 Renaissance Capital
 RESQ Funds
 Reynolds
 Rice Hall James
 RidgeWorth
 River Canyon
 Riverbridge
 RiverNorth Funds
 RiverPark Funds
 RMB Funds
 RNC Genter Capital Management
 Rockefeller & Co.
 Rondure Global
 Roosevelt
 Roxbury Funds
 Royce
 RQSI
 RSQ
 Russell
 RVX
 RWC
 Ryan Labs
 Rydex Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 E.I.I.
 E-Valuator funds
 Eagle Funds
 EAS
 Eaton Vance
 Edgar Lomax
 Edgewood
 EIP Funds
 Elessar Investment Management
 Emerald
 Empiric Funds
 Ensemble Fund
 EntrepreneurShares LLC
 Epiphany Funds
 Equinox Funds Trust
 Equity Investment Corp
 EquityCompass
 Estabrook
 Euro Pacific Asset Management
 Eventide Funds
 Evermore
 Exceed Investments












Name
 

Category
 




















 Dana Investment
 Davenport
 Davidson Mutual Funds
 Davis Funds
 Day Hagan
 DDJ
 Dean Fund
 Dearborn Partners LLC
 Deer Park
 Della Parola
 Destinations Funds
 Destra
 Deutsche Asset Management
 DF Dent Funds
 DGHM
 DGI
 Diamond Hill Funds
 Dimensional Fund Advisors
 Direxion Funds
 Dodge & Cox
 Domini
 DoubleLine
 Dreyfus
 Driehaus
 DUNDAS
 Dunham Funds
 DuPont
 Dupree












Name
 

Category
 




















 Gabelli
 Gator
 GaveKal
 GE Asset Management
 Geneva Advisors
 Gerstein Fisher
 Ginkgo
 Giralda Fund
 Glenmede
 Global View Capital
 GMO
 Goehring & Rozencwajg
 Goldman Sachs
 Golub
 Good Harbor
 GoodHaven
 Gotham
 GQG Partners
 Grandeur Peak Funds
 Granite Harbor
 Granite Investment Advisors, Inc.
 Grant Park
 Great Lakes Funds
 Great-West Funds
 Green Century
 Green Owl
 Greenspring
 Guggenheim Investments
 GuideMark
 GuidePath
 GuideStone Funds
 Guinness Atkinson
 Gurtin












Name
 

Category
 




















 Fairholme
 FAM
 FCI Funds
 FDP Series Funds
 Federated
 Fidelity Investments
 Fiera Capital
 First Eagle
 First Investors
 First Security Fund
 First State
 First Trust
 First Trust Portfolios L.P.
 First Western Capital Mgt
 Firsthand Funds
 Fisher Investments
 Flippin, Bruce & Porter Funds
 FMC Funds
 FMI Funds
 Footprints
 Forester
 FormulaFolios
 Fort Pitt Capital Funds
 Foundry
 FPA
 Frank Funds
 Franklin Templeton Investments
 Freedom Funds
 Friess Associates
 Frontier Funds
 Frost Funds
 FS
 Fulcrum
 Fuller & Thaler
 Fund X
 FX Strategy Fund












Name
 

Category
 




















 ICM Series Trust
 ICON Funds
 IMS
 Independent Franchise Partners
 Index Funds
 IndexIQ
 Infinity Q
 Innealta Capital
 Innovator Funds
 Insight Investment
 Insignia Macro
 Integrity
 Intrepid Funds
 Invesco
 Invesco Capital Markets Inc
 Investment House LLC
 Investment Managers Series Trust
 IP Unsure (Only US OE Use)
 Iron Funds
 IronBridge Funds, Inc.
 Ironclad Funds
 Issachar Fund
 IVA Funds
 Ivy Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 Hamlin Capital Management, LLC
 Hancock Horizon
 Hanlon
 Harbor
 Harding Loevner
 Hartford Mutual Funds
 Harvest Funds
 Hatteras Funds
 Haverford
 Hays
 Heartland
 Hedeker Wealth
 HedgeRow
 Henderson Global
 Hennessy
 Henssler Funds
 Highland Funds
 Highmore
 Hillman Capital Management
 Hodges
 Holbrook Holdings
 Holland Series Trust
 Homestead
 Horizon Investments
 Hotchkis & Wiley
 Howard Capital Management
 HSBC
 Huber Funds
 Hundredfold
 Hussman Funds
 HVIA Equity Fund












Name
 

Category
 




















 Kaizen
 Kalmar Investments
 KCM
 Keeley
 Kellner
 Kempner
 Kinetics
 Kirr Marbach Partners
 KKM
 Knights Of Columbus
 Kopernik
 KP Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 Jackson National
 Jackson Square
 Jacob
 JAG Capital Management, LLC
 James Advantage
 Janus
 Janus Henderson
 Jensen
 JNF Portfolio
 JOHCM Funds
 John Hancock
 Johnson Mutual Funds
 JPMorgan












Name
 

Category
 




















 SABA ETF
 Schwab ETFs
 SerenityShares
 SpiritedFund
 Strategy shares
 StrongVest
 Summit Water












Name
 

Category
 




















 Reality Shares ETF Trust
 Reaves Asset Management
 Recon Capital Series Trust
 Rex
 RISE












Name
 

Category
 




















 UBS
 UBS AG
 UBS Group AG
 United States Commodity Funds LLC
 USCF Equity Trust












Name
 

Category
 




















 Teucrium
 Toroso Investments LLC
 Tortoise Capital
 TrimTabs
 Tuttle
 TWM FUNDS












Name
 

Category
 




















 OShares Investments












Name
 

Category
 




















 Newfleet Asset Management












Name
 

Category
 




















 QuantShares
 QUANTX












Name
 

Category
 




















 Pacer
 PowerShares
 PowerShares DB
 Premise Capital
 ProShares
 Pure Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 KraneShares












Name
 

Category
 




















 1290 Funds
 13D Management LLC
 1919 Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 Market Vectors
 Master Shares












Name
 

Category
 




















 360 Funds
 361 Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 LocalShares












Name
 

Category
 




















 Global X Funds
 Graniteshares
 Grayscale












Name
 

Category
 




















 Flexshares Trust
 FormulaFolioFunds












Name
 

Category
 




















 InfraCap
 Inspire
 iSectors
 iShares












Name
 

Category
 




















 Hartford Funds
 Horizons ETFs












Name
 

Category
 




















 Barclays
 Barclays Funds
 Bio Shares
 BlueStar Global Investors












Name
 

Category
 




















 CAMBRIA ETF TRUST
 Citigroup
 ClearShares LLC
 Credit Suisse AG
 CSOP Asset Management
 Cumberland Advisors
 CWM Advisors, LLC












Name
 

Category
 




















 Davis ETFs
 Deutsche Bank AG
 Dhandho Funds












Name
 

Category
 




















 ELEMENTS
 Elkhorn
 ETF Managers Trust
 ETF Securities
 ETF Series Solutions
 ETFS Swiss Gold Trust
 ETHO Capital
 Exchange Traded Concepts Trust
 Exchange Traded Concepts, LLC
 Exponential ETFs












Name
 

Category
 




















 ACSI
 AdvisorShares
 Alpha Architect
 AlphaClone
 ALPS ETF
 Amplifyetfs
 ARK ETF Trust
 ArrowShares












Name
 

Category
 



















Calculation methodologyThis tool provides a list of Vanguard ETFs and mutual funds that are similar to the non-Vanguard product you specified. All data and scoring is provided by Morningstar®, including the methodology which scores each product on a scale of 10 (most similar) to 0 (least similar). The methodology is based on several factors, including the category, special criteria, portfolio allocation, and performance of each product.The general process for generating a list of similar funds is as follows:First we conduct a preliminary screen of all Vanguard ETFs and mutual funds based on the category and other attributes of the product specified. For products with less than three years of performance history, a Performance score of "0" will be displayed, and the Overall similarity score will match the Portfolio score.Then we score each product based on how similar its portfolio is to that of the product you specified.We also score each product based on how similar its performance has been relative to the product you specified.Finally, we calculate an overall similarity score.The Performance score utilizes the last 36 months of returns, as of each month end. The Portfolio score utilizes the most recent daily portfolio stored for the fund and will reflect that portfolio at any given time.













 new vg.LayerNG('compareErrorLayerForm:compareErrorLayer', {"resizeable":false,"persist":false,"transitionType":"fadeinout_open_only","closeable":false,"height":"auto","shadow":false,"processGeoEvents":true,"fixedPosition":false,"width":"474px","suppressLayout":false,"minHeight":"0","leader":false,"modal":true,"positionLeft":"centered","moveable":false,"positionTop":"centered","disableDefaultFocus":false,"onX":"javascript:jsCBDcloseLayer('compareErrorLayerForm:compareErrorLayer');","contentURL":"%s/site/advisor/globalElements/CompareErrorLayer.xhtml"} );







 





| Select at least one Vanguard product 


new vg.LayerNG('watchListErrorLayerForm:watchListErrorLayer', {"resizeable":false,"persist":false,"transitionType":"fadeinout_open_only","closeable":true,"height":"auto","shadow":false,"processGeoEvents":true,"fixedPosition":false,"width":"310px","suppressLayout":false,"minHeight":"0","leader":false,"modal":true,"positionLeft":"centered","moveable":false,"positionTop":"centered","disableDefaultFocus":false,"onX":"javascript:jsCBDcloseLayer('watchListErrorLayerForm:watchListErrorLayer');"} );







 





My product list is updated The products you selected were added to My product list.View your updated product list


new vg.LayerNG('watchListInfoLayerForm:watchListInfoLayer', {"resizeable":false,"persist":false,"transitionType":"fadeinout_open_only","closeable":true,"height":"auto","shadow":false,"processGeoEvents":true,"fixedPosition":false,"width":"310px","suppressLayout":false,"minHeight":"0","leader":false,"modal":true,"positionLeft":"centered","moveable":false,"positionTop":"centered","disableDefaultFocus":false,"onX":"javascript:jsCBDcloseLayer('watchListInfoLayerForm:watchListInfoLayer');"} );























Westchester Capital













































 





 

























A Leader in Global Event Driven Investing for Over 30 Years
With a proven track record of identifying profitable event-driven opportunities and a primary emphasis on preservation of capital, Westchester Capital Management has been an industry leader for over 30 years.
 LEARN MORE




About Westchester Capital
Westchester Capital Management (WCM) is a registered investment adviser specializing in liquid alternative investment strategies. We manage a variety of investment portfolios using a combination of strategies to invest in publicly announced event opportunities such as mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, spin-offs and other corporate reorganizations, with the goal of profiting from the timely completion of these transactions.
Our investment management process is designed to deliver consistent results with low correlation to broader market returns, thereby lowering overall portfolio risk and potentially enhancing returns for a diversified portfolio.



What is Event Driven Investing?



What is Merger Arbitrage?



Why Westchester Capital?

 
Assets Under Management
0Years in Business0Number of Investors0Investment Professional Turnover
Latest News & Commentary from Westchester Capital 







Westchester Capital Q1 Review

Posted: May 16, 2017




Portfolio Managers Roy Behren and Mike Shannon discuss the drivers behind our funds’ Q1 performance and offer their insights on the global markets in our Q1 Quarterly Review for shareholders.

 Read Full Article









Which Boats will Rise with the Interest Rate Tide?

Posted: December 16, 2016




Rising interest rates have historically, and by definition, reduced the price of fixed income securities, while absolute return strategies such as merger arbitrage typically provide increased rates of return corresponding with the rise in rates. Read the full commentary here.

 Read Full Article









									Westchester Capital Management (“WCM”)							
Posted: March 23, 2017




Westchester Capital Management (“WCM”). Investment Adviser to the $3.8 billion WCM Alternatives mutual fund family, announced today the launch of an investor share class for the WCM Alternatives: Event­Driven Fund (WCERX). The new share class provides an additional access point for investment advisors seeking strategies designed with the goal to provide enhanced returns with low […]
								
			





The Merger Investor fund (MERFX) has a four-star Morningstar rating out of 111 market-neutral funds, based upon risk-adjusted returns, as of 6/30/17. The overall Morningstar Rating is derived from a weighted average of the funds' 3, 5 and 10-year Morningstar Rating metrics.

 































Westchester Capital













































 





 

























A Leader in Global Event Driven Investing for Over 30 Years
With a proven track record of identifying profitable event-driven opportunities and a primary emphasis on preservation of capital, Westchester Capital Management has been an industry leader for over 30 years.
 LEARN MORE




About Westchester Capital
Westchester Capital Management (WCM) is a registered investment adviser specializing in liquid alternative investment strategies. We manage a variety of investment portfolios using a combination of strategies to invest in publicly announced event opportunities such as mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, spin-offs and other corporate reorganizations, with the goal of profiting from the timely completion of these transactions.
Our investment management process is designed to deliver consistent results with low correlation to broader market returns, thereby lowering overall portfolio risk and potentially enhancing returns for a diversified portfolio.



What is Event Driven Investing?



What is Merger Arbitrage?



Why Westchester Capital?

 
Assets Under Management
0Years in Business0Number of Investors0Investment Professional Turnover
Latest News & Commentary from Westchester Capital 







Westchester Capital Q1 Review

Posted: May 16, 2017




Portfolio Managers Roy Behren and Mike Shannon discuss the drivers behind our funds’ Q1 performance and offer their insights on the global markets in our Q1 Quarterly Review for shareholders.

 Read Full Article









Which Boats will Rise with the Interest Rate Tide?

Posted: December 16, 2016




Rising interest rates have historically, and by definition, reduced the price of fixed income securities, while absolute return strategies such as merger arbitrage typically provide increased rates of return corresponding with the rise in rates. Read the full commentary here.

 Read Full Article









									Westchester Capital Management (“WCM”)							
Posted: March 23, 2017




Westchester Capital Management (“WCM”). Investment Adviser to the $3.8 billion WCM Alternatives mutual fund family, announced today the launch of an investor share class for the WCM Alternatives: Event­Driven Fund (WCERX). The new share class provides an additional access point for investment advisors seeking strategies designed with the goal to provide enhanced returns with low […]
								
			





The Merger Investor fund (MERFX) has a four-star Morningstar rating out of 111 market-neutral funds, based upon risk-adjusted returns, as of 6/30/17. The overall Morningstar Rating is derived from a weighted average of the funds' 3, 5 and 10-year Morningstar Rating metrics.

 





























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































