




WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Muggia  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    One Financial Center 23 Rd Floor 
    Boston, MA, 02111Phone: 617-428-7100 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-18


New


$2,279,987


$2,279,987


Other


06b 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William A. Muggia 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Westfield Capital Management Company, L.P. 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Westfield Partners, L.L.C. 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (3) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2016-10-18D42016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 







WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP  Funding details


WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001686960IRS Number: 813225800Address: ONE FINANCIAL CENTER 23RD FLOOR BOSTON 02111Phone number: 617-428-7100



Latest news
WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP raised $2,279,987 from 2 investors on 2016-10-18.



WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-18New Form DIndefinite$2,279,987Indefinite$1,000,000206b 3C.1[SEC Filing]
WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP raised $2,279,987 in total.



Directors and Executives of WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP
Key People in WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP:

n/a Westfield Partners, L.L.C.n/a Westfield Capital Management Company, L.P.William Muggia
Similar companiesWestfield Residential Partners III LLLP, Westfield Residential Partners VII, LLLP, Westfield Medical Office Partners VIII, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners X, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners XI, LLLP, Westfield Dividend Growth Fund Limited Partnership, Westfield Income Partners XII, LLLP, Westfield Investment Partners XIV, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners XV, LLLP, Westfield-Harmony, LLLP, Westfield Select Growth Equity LP, Westfield-4120, LLLP








Last visited companies: Dimensional Funds plc - European Core Equity Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Euro Ultra Short Fixed Income Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - European Small Companies Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Global Core Equity Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Global Short Fixed Income Fund

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (3) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001686960IRS Number: 813225800WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP is on the market less than 5 years.

WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP addressONE FINANCIAL CENTER23RD FLOORBOSTON 02111
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Limited Partnership 
Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
October 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP has 1 filings. View WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP filings.
Investment RoundsWESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 3 people related to WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP.
Similar companiesWESTFIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT CO INC, WESTFIELD AMERICA INC, WESTFIELD INVESTMENT GROUP, INC., WESTFIELD AMERICA L P, WESTFIELD LIFE SCIENCES FUND LP, WESTFIELD LIFE SCIENCES FUND II LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, WESTFIELD LIFE SCIENCES FUND CAYMANS INC, WESTFIELD AMERICA MANAGEMENT LTD, WESTFIELD MUTUAL HOLDING CO, WESTFIELD OF AMERICA LP, WESTFIELD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT CO LP, WESTFIELD DISPOSAL SERVICE INC, WESTFIELD MICRO CAP FUND LP, Westfield Industrial Partners I LLLP, Westfield Investors I LLLP, Westfield Investors II L L L P, Westfield Industrial Partners II LLLP, Westfield Residential Partners III LLLP, WESTFIELD OFFICE PARTNERS IV LLLP, WESTFIELD INVESTORS IV LLLP, Westfield Real Estate Investment Trust, Westfield Stephen W, WESTFIELD HOMES USA, INC., Westfield John M, WESTFIELD GROUP, WESTFIELD GROUP, Westfield Development Partners V LLLP, WESTFIELD INVESTORS V LLLP, Westfield Development Partners VI LLLP, Westfield Investors VI LLLP, Westfield Investors VII LLLP, Westfield Residential Partners VII LLLP, Westfield Residential Partners VII, LLLP, Westfield Medical Office Partners VIII, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners X, LLLP, Westfield Dividend Growth Fund Limited Partnership, Westfield Income Partners XI, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners XII, LLLP, Westfield Investment Partners XIV, LLLP, Westfield Income Partners XV, LLLP, Westfield-Harmony, LLLP, Westfield Select Growth Equity LP, Westfield-4120, LLLP, Westfield Corp Ltd, Westfield-Freight, LLLP, Westfield-Prospect, LLLP, WESTFIELD CAPITAL SPV I LP, Westfield-Stanley, LLLP, Westfield-Mapleton, LLLP, Westfield-Amen, LLLP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about WESTFIELD GLOBAL DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND LP. 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























WCDGX - Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund Investor Class Shares | BrightScope



























[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































Back to top
Home>Fund Pages>Westfield Capital Management Co LP
>Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund>WCDGX Investor Class Shares
  




 Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund Inv - WCDGX



 Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund Inv - WCDGX


View All Share Classes

WDIVX Institutional Class Shares

WCDGX Investor Class Shares







Profile
AssetsFlowsFeesPerformanceManagers






 Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund Inv - WCDGX



 Westfield Capital Dividend Growth Fund Inv - WCDGX


View All Share Classes

WDIVX Institutional Class Shares

WCDGX Investor Class Shares







Profile
AssetsFlowsFeesPerformanceManagers









Profile




Data Providers


Quote


nav ($)
11.50


nav change

0.03 / 0.3% 


(As of Friday June 23, 2017)


Overview


distribution channel
Institutional


ticker
WCDGX




category
Equity Income Funds




management type
Active


total assets
$400.0K

Read description




Fund Scorecard



assets



 $400K


Poor




flows



 $181K



Average




fees



 1.20% 


Above Average




turnover



 112% 


Highest




performance



 15.16% 


Above Average




manager tenure



 4.1


Average








Advisors Using This Fund





Add me to this fund
Modify fund usage










We have no advisors to display for this fund at this time.
If you are an advisor,log in to add your fundutilization.

















Holders







ETF Holders




[[holder.name]][[holder.name]]
[[holder.latestValue]]









Filing period ending 


There is no ETF data available to display at this time.







Balance Summary




holder





















Assets







Net Assets


Total Net Assets
$400.0K
(Through  May 2017)






There is no Assets data available to display at this time.







Flows







Net Flows


1 Year Net Flows
 $180.82K

(Through Dec 2016)






There is no Flow data available to display at this time.


* BrightScope's primary source for fund flow data is the SEC Form N-SAR filing.





Fees










Fee Comparison


expense ratio
1.20%
Above Average 






There is no Fee data available to display at this time.





Why Do Investment Expenses Matter?
Ryan Alfred








Turnover


turnover
 112% 
Highest






There is no Turnover data available to display at this time.





Why Does Fund Turnover Matter?
Ryan Alfred








Performance









Growth of 10k


1 Year Return
15.16% 






There is no Performance data available to display at this time.



Peer Group consists of 558 Equity Income Funds funds distributed through Institutional channels.











Risk









Standard Deviation ¹
 2.86 


Sharpe Ratio ²
 0.69 


R-Squared ³
 0.90 


Beta ³
 0.92 



¹ Calculated using a 36 month sample population.
² Calculated using a 36 month sample population benchmarked to the U.S. 3-Month T-Bill Total Return Index.
³ Calculated using a 36 month sample population benchmarked to the S&P 500 Monthly Reinvest Index.




Rank in Category

YTD
1y
3y
5y

#[[rank]] out of [[total]]Equity Income Funds
            


[[percentile|ordinalNumber]]
percentile


N/A
There is no Rank in Category data available to display at this time










Managers






Current Fund Managers


William A. Muggia
01-01-2013 - present

















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































