



Carl H. Westcott  |  Westcott LLC
























 






Carl H. Westcott

Carl H. Westcott is Chairman of Westcott LLC and General Partner of Commodore Partners, Ltd., a real estate holding and development company.
In 1986, Mr. Westcott founded Westcott Communications. The company delivered education, training and information to various markets via interactive classrooms, private satellite television, and videotape. The company was sold in 1996 to KIII.
He founded First Extended Service Corporation in 1978, a processing firm for auto dealerships. FESC merged with AON Insurance Company in 2002.


He was a majority shareholder in Digital Witness which was formed in 2001 to develop and market video software solutions. The company was acquired by Westec Interactive Security, Inc. in November 2007.
He devotes much of his time to the Westcott Foundation. In 2003 Mr. Westcott received the Horatio Alger Award and was inducted as a Lifetime member of the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.



Carl H. Westcott is Chairman of Westcott LLC and General Partner of Commodore Partners, Ltd., a real estate holding and development company.
In 1986, Mr. Westcott founded Westcott Communications. The company delivered education, training and information to various markets via interactive classrooms, private satellite television, and videotape. The company was sold in 1996 to KIII.
He founded First Extended Service Corporation in 1978, a processing firm for auto dealerships. FESC merged with AON Insurance Company in 2002.


He was a majority shareholder in Digital Witness which was formed in 2001 to develop and market video software solutions. The company was acquired by Westec Interactive Security, Inc. in November 2007.
He devotes much of his time to the Westcott Foundation. In 2003 Mr. Westcott received the Horatio Alger Award and was inducted as a Lifetime member of the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.

















Jimmy Elizabeth Westcott - Texas Conference for Women























































































November 2, 2017 | Austin Convention Center














X







                                               























Jimmy Elizabeth Westcott


Jimmy Westcott, wife of businessman entrepreneur, Carl H. Westcott, is the mother of two sons, Court, a graduate of Vanderbilt University with an MBA from SMU and Chart, a 2007 graduate of Vanderbilt University who received his law degree from SMU in May,2011.  Court and his wife, Kameron, also a graduate of SMU, 17 month old daughter, Hilton, and Chart all live in Dallas.
Jimmy is a Summa Cum Laude Graduate of Mississippi College where she was elected to Pi Alpha Theta , history honor society and Pi Gamma Mu, political science honor society.  She continued graduate study in history, political science and jewelry design. She is the owner of Jayhawk Design and the creative director of Polished.com.
A long time community volunteer, Jimmy recently served as Honorary Co-Chair of the 2012 WINGS New Friends New Life Luncheon.  Her deepest concerns are for the women and children of our country that suffer daily from abuse of all kinds.  Her activities and awards include the following:

-First woman Chairman of the Board of The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Dallas
-Chairman of the Board of Dallas Children’s Advocacy Center.
Member of the Crystal Charity Ball.
-Past Chairman of the Family Gateway Advisory Board.
-Recipient of the Pi Beta Phi Unsung Angel Award.
-Past Chairman of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation National Awards Luncheon.
-Member of the President’s Advisory Council of the Dallas Center for the Performing Arts Foundation.
-Trustee of Southwestern Medical Foundation and is on the Children’s Health Services of Texas Board of Children’s Medical Center Foundation.
-Served on the United Way Executive Committee and the United Way Board.
-Served on the Boards of Greenhill School, The Child Care Group, and the Dallas Arboretum, The Center for Brain Health, and the Dallas Symphony.
-Co-Chairman of the Alexis de Tocqueville Society and was presented The United Way Above & Beyond Award.
-Received the Dallas for Children Children’s Champion Award.
-Co-Chair of the Center for Non Profit Management’s first annual awards dinner.
-Served as Chair for StageFest, the Dallas Center for the Performing Arts Community Gala and Co-Chair of the Dallas Symphony Gala.
-Founder of the Texas Stampede La Riata.
-Appointed by Governor Rick Perry to the Governor’s Commission for Women.  For that Commission she chaired The Domestic Violence Committee.
-Co-chair of the Genesis Mother’s Day Luncheon.
-Appointed to serve on the state Crime Victim’s Institute Advisory Council and on the state Crime Victim’s Service Advisory Council.
-Organized a toy drive, which resulted in a personal delivery of 9000 toys to Fort Hood’s Santa’s Workshop for the children of soldiers stationed at or deployed from Ft. Hood.

Through the Westcott Foundation, Mr. and Mrs. Westcott established the Dr. Eugene B. Tragus Chair in Molecular Cardiology at the UT Southwestern Medical Center in 1993.  They also contributed the funds for the new soccer field at Southern Methodist University known as the “Westcott Field.”  They have served as Honorary Co-Chairmen of the Dallas Heart Ball, the  AMFAR Concert and the Dallas County Heritage Society Old City Park “Circus in the Park.”  They hosted the Westcott Pro-Am benefiting the Northern Texas PGA Junior Golf Foundation and Inner City Youth.  The Junior Golf Foundation’s mission is to introduce the game of golf to children of all ages and socioeconomic backgrounds by providing instruction by PGA golf professionals, playing opportunities and by administering a scholarship program.  Mr. Westcott established a chair in honor of his wife named the Jimmy Elizabeth Westcott Distinguished Chair in Pediatric Neurology.  The Westcotts also enjoy funding college scholarships for at-risk youths.
 










Teleclasses
Latest News
Speaker Articles
Videos
Conference Sessions
Career
Inspired By
 

Contribute to the Conversation





































Exhibit booths still available Apply Now

X










Carl Westcott, Vzillion Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Carl Westcott

Chairman/Co-Founder,
Vzillion Inc






Career History




Founder
First Extended Service Corp, 1978-PRESENT


Chairman/Co-Founder
Jayhawk Acceptance Corp, PRESENT


Chairman/Principal/Founder
Westcott LLC, PRESENT


Founder
Westcott Communications Inc, PRESENT


Chairman/Partner
Texas-Louisiana League, FORMER


Chairman/Founder
Westcott Communications Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.vzillion.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2001 Bryan Street
Suite 600
Dallas, TX 75201
United States


Phone:
1-214-754-1000


Fax:
1-214-855-3810


Web url:
www.vzillion.com











From The Web












Awards & Publications



Awards




ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR, 1988









Memberships



Board Memberships




Westcott LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




Jayhawk Acceptance Corp


Chairman, 2/1997-PRESENT




Jayhawk Acceptance Corp


Board Member, 8/1994-1/1997




Westcott Communications Inc


Chairman, 5/1986-5/1996




Jayhawk Acceptance Corp


Chairman, 7/1993-8/1994




Jayhawk Acceptance Corp


Board Member, 6/1993-7/1993




Texas-Louisiana League


Chairman, FORMER



Show More





Other Memberships




Dallas Citizens Council


Member




Institute of Natl Strategy


Trustee




Dallas Symphony Association


Member




Zale-Lipshy Univ Medical Center


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































        13D Filing: Carl H Westcott and Comstock Resources Inc (NYSE:CRK) - Insider Monkey                                     
        Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.    
   Hedge Funds  13D Filing: Carl H Westcott and Comstock Resources Inc (NYSE:CRK)    Published on April 15, 2017 at 10:07 pm by  
                                Insider Monkey Staff
                                  in Hedge Funds         Page 1 of 17Next &gt&gt          You can access the original SEC filing by clicking here. Ownership Summary Table   Name   Sole Voting Power   Shared Voting Power   Sole Dispositive Power   Shared Dispositive Power   Aggregate Amount Owned Power   Percent of Class    Carl H. Westcott   588,500   307,000   588,500   337,558   926,058   6.06%  Commodore Partners, Ltd. 03-0476   288,000   0   288,000   0   288,000   1.88%  G.K. Westcott   19,000   0   19,000   0   19,000   0.12%  Carl Westcott   307,000   0   307,000   0   307,000   2.01%  Court H. Westcott   4,000   307,000   0   311,000   311,000   2.03%  Carla Westcott   9,008   0   0   9,008   9,008   0.06%   Page 1 of 17 – SEC Filing             UNITED STATES             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION             Washington, D.C. 20549                           SCHEDULE 13D           Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (Amendment No. 16)*    Comstock Resources, Inc.  (Name of Issuer)    Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share  (Title of Class of Securities)    205768203  (CUSIP Number)      Carl H. Westcott 100 Crescent Court, Suite 1620 Dallas, TX 75201 214-777-5003   with a copy to:   Crews Lott Baker & McKenzie LLP 2300 Trammell Crow Center 2001 Ross Avenue Dallas, TX 75201 214-978-3000  (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)    April 11, 2017  (Date of Event Which Requires Filing of this Statement) If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of §§240.13d-1(e), 240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box o. Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See §240.13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are to be sent.  * The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.  The information required on the remainder of this cover page shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however, see the Notes).          Follow Comstock Resources Inc (NYSE:CRK)Follow Comstock Resources Inc (NYSE:CRK)       Trade (NYSE:CRK) Now!        Page 1 of 17Next &gt&gt       Related Insider Monkey Articles13D Filing: RA Capital Management and Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA)13D Filing: Discovery Capital Management and Peabody Energy Corp (BTU)13D Filing: PW Partners Atlas Fund Iii, Lp and Town Sports International Holdings...13D Filing: GAMCO Investors and Wright Investors Service Holdings Inc. (WISH...13D Filing: Vivendi and Telecom Italia S P A New (NYSE:TI)13D Filing: GAMCO Investors and Chemtura Corp (NYSE:CHMT) Carl H. Westcott Commodore Partners Comstock Resources Inc (NYSE:CRK) NYSE:CRK SEC 13D Filing Westcott Carl H                Insider Monkey Small Cap Strategy      Download a free copy of our newsletter and see the details inside!     Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds      Billionaire Hedge Funds          Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $147,985,198,000          David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $5,818,885,000          George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,321,285,000          T Boone Pickens BP Capital $318,631,000          Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $63,208,016,000          Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,269,539,000          Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,373,522,000          Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $14,303,015,000          John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,934,312,000          David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $5,640,040,000           About Us Contact Us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy       Next Post

   Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.            





Westcott  Rapid Box - 26" Octa Softbox 2031 B&H Photo Video












































































































 












					
						Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp.



B&H Main siteeavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef


Federal Marketplace


Students & Educators


Government, Education & Corporate




Read 

800.606.6969 / 212.444.6615
Help
About Us

Live Chat
				




The Professional's Source
Since 1973


FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour
>> Free Shipping on most orders over $49














 























Hello,
Log In


		    Sign In Login/Register


My Account 







0
My Cart









Log Into Your Account

Log In


Create a B&H Account






My Account





My Orders




Wish List









Sign Out




My Account





My Orders




Wish List




Notifications
   











Photography
Computers
Pro Video
Lighting
Pro Audio
Mobile
TVs & Entertainment
Camcorders
Surveillance
Optics
Audio-Visual
Used



			Specials
		







									Specials & Rebates See All Specials >








1 of  Deals Today





















































 

Details 







				Most orders* over $49 qualify for .

							Orders placed after 4pm on weekdays will not ship until the next business day. Orders placed after 12pm Fridays will not ship until the following Monday. 
			Faster shipping methods may be available; just upgrade during checkout.

			*Some exclusions apply.
Close








				Shipping Location
			

				Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.
			


Update


				Unrecognized Zip Code
			












Home
 
					
						
							
							Lighting & Studio
						
					
				 
 
					
						
							
							Light Modifiers
						
					
				 
 
					
						
							
							Softboxes & Accessories
						
					
				 
 
					
						
							
							
								Softboxes
							
							
							
						
					
				 
 Westcott Rapid Box  











Westcott
 Rapid Box - 26" Octa Softbox
										
									








Westcott

								
									Rapid Box - 26" Octa Softbox
								
							





								B&H # WERBO26
								
									
									
									 
							
MFR # 2031











eavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef


									Authorized Dealer
								










Wish List Spotlight:
        This item appears on a featured B&H industry insider's Spotlight Wish List
    






Most Wishable:
        This item pops up most often on B&H customer Wish Lists
    






Most Giftable:
        This item has been gifted most often by B&H customers.
    






Top Markdown:
        This item's price has dropped. Take advantage while the savings lasts!
    
























Front View



Detail View



Shown in Use 1



Shown in Use 2 (Stand Optional)



Shown in Use 3



Carry Bag

Show MoreLess





Customer Photos




Close






 
 

























Now Viewing: 


















eavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef












In Stock



Update Location
close



Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.

Update


Unrecognized Zip Code





		
			Order
		
	
		
			in the next
			0:00:00

	
		to ship
		
today



X

							
 								Place your order by 4pm Mon Jul 24 and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.
								
						




Free Expedited Shipping






							
								Product Highlights
							
							
						

Durable Framework
Heavy-duty Reflective Silver Interior
Soft and Evenly Reflected Light
Extremely Portable, Lightweight Design
Opens and Closes Like an Umbrella
Adjustable, Rotatable Tilt Bracket

Show moreShow less











								Reviews 190



Q&A














			$0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ 


Sales Tax

							B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey.

						You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.
				








								You Pay:
							

								
								
									
									
										$169.90
										
















Qty

Add to Cart


View Cart















										Add to Wish List
									

 Item in Wish List
									

















 
Emaileavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef


Print






   








Overview





Specs





Quick Compare





Reviews 
										190





Q&A 
										





Accessories





 
to top












1Description


















Product Demo





The Westcott Rapid Box - 26" Octa Softbox lives up to its name by providing a soft quality of light for your shoe-mount flash that sets up and breaks down in a fraction of the time as most competitors. The box comes complete with a tilting 5/8" receiver stand mount/shoe mount/speed ring combo that disengages quickly from the box allowing it to close like an umbrella. The 1.0 stop diffusion front face is removable revealing a highly reflective, high-output silver interior. You can soften the light further and defeat hotspots with the separate purchase of the optional 2030-DP Deflector Plate (BH # WE2030DP).




Robust and Durable 


										
												The Rapid Box's poles and speed ring are constructed from solid aluminum to minimize weight yet retain durability.
										  
										 


Quick Setup and Tear Down 


										
												The Rapid Box opens and closes like an umbrella. No support rods or adapter ring needed. Everything is compact and easy to use.
										  
										 


Sleek and Compact 


										
												With a shallow depth, the Rapid Box works in virtually any lighting situation. No matter which box you choose. The Rapid Box series is always compact.
										  
										 


Soft Even Lighting 


										
												A screw-in reflector plate will minimize any hot spot. The front diffusion material is the same quality as found on Westcott's current high-quality soft boxes.
										  
										 


Fully Adjustable Stand Bracket 


										
												The height and depth are adjustable and compatible with virtually all shoe-mounted flashes.
										  
										 


Utilize Your Speedlite Without the Need for Radio Triggers 


										
												External speedlight placement allows firing via built-in slaves and/or IR line-of-site.
										  
										 


Carry Case Included 


										
												Durable carry case with shoulder strap is included for simple transportation and storage.
										  
										 





UPC: 817967003612





															In the Box
														



									Westcott Rapid Box - 26" Octa Softbox
								


								
								
									
									
										Rapid Box Skin
									
								
							

								
								
									
									
										Diffusion Panel (1 Stop)
									
								
							

								
								
									
									
										Adjustable Shoe Mount Tilter and Swivel Bracket
									
								
							

								
								
									
									
										Compact Carry Case
									
								
							

								
								
									
									
										Limited 1-Year Warranty
									
								
							






Table of Contents

1Description
















								Size
									
									
									
							

								26" (66 cm)
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Shape
									
									
									
							

								Octagonal
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Compatibility
									
									
									
							

								Shoe-mount flash units
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Removable Front Face
									
									
									
							

								Yes
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Removable Interior Baffle
									
									
									
							

								No
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Accepts Grids
									
									
									
							

								No
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Requires Speed Ring
									
									
									
							

								No, provided
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Dimensions
									
									
									
							

								26" (66 cm) Diameter
	                                
	                                
	                                
							



								Weight
									
									
									
							

								2.4 lb (1.0 kg)
	                                
	                                
	                                
							







Packaging Infoeavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef




				Package Weight
			

				3.0 lb
			



				Box Dimensions (LxWxH)
			

				21.0 x 6.0 x 6.0"
			
















Be the first to review this item

Write a review



Customer Photos


 



















































































				See any errors on this page?
				
					Let us know.
				eavvqcwqrvaxbufzedxaszbzef





Close
Close
Close


    	Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.
    

























   Carl Westcott | Commodore Partners LLC | ZoomInfo.com

MARKET WATCH -  Investors Love Loans to Deadbeats - NYTimes.com













































 
















Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



    Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com










Business Day





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos



















DealBook
Markets
Economy
Energy
Media
Technology
Personal Tech
Entrepreneurship
Your Money










MARKET WATCH
MARKET WATCH; Investors Love Loans to Deadbeats


By FLOYD NORRIS


Published: August 6, 1995









                    Carl H. Westcott is a car dealer who is now rich. That is due in part to his decision to start a new business a couple of years ago. But mostly it is because Wall Street has fallen in love with Mr. Westcott's dream and made it into a hot stock.        

                    This story is not, as you might expect, about technology. It is not about some clever software or a new design in semiconductors.        

                    Mr. Westcott's idea was far more prosaic. His company lends money to used-car buyers with bad credit. Not people who have missed a payment or two in the past, but people who have defaulted on loans, including bankrupts. These are people whose ability and willingness to repay are dubious.        

                    How does one make money lending to such people? The way was shown by a company named the Credit Acceptance Corporation, which went public back in 1992. First you charge very high interest rates, say 30 percent. Then you pay the dealer only part of the amount borrowed, usually half. The dealer will get more money only if his customers, as a group, make enough payments to let you make a profit. There is a lot of room in there for defaults and for borrowers who skip town.        

                    Credit Acceptance makes decent money, although it has received some bad publicity, with complaints about high interest rates. Unsurprisingly, dealers that arrange such financing often charge high prices for their cars, so that even if they only get half the money, they will still show a profit. Wall Street thinks there is a lot of room for growth; Credit Acceptance now trades for about 10 times its initial offering price in 1992, and for about 37 times its earnings.        

                    It was a year after Credit Acceptance went public that Mr. Westcott decided to imitate the idea. In the last two years, his company, Jayhawk Acceptance, has proven it can lend money. Lots of used car dealers have signed up, although Jayhawk has decided that it is unwilling to do business with about 15 percent of them.        

                    But almost all the lending has been done in recent months, and the financial statements shed little light on whether the money will be repaid. What is clear is that a lot of the borrowers quickly fall behind. It looks as if at least a third of the loans more than six months old are at least four months behind in making payments.        

                    One might think investors would want to wait to see how the repayments go before committing funds. But this is a hot concept, and those who wait may miss out. When Jayhawk filed to go public, it hoped to sell shares at $6.50 to $8.50 each. Last week underwriters led by Montgomery Securities sold the offering at $10, or more than 50 percent more than the company was willing to take. But that was not enough to satisfy demand, and the shares ended the week at $15, a 50 percent gain.        

                    When Mr. Westcott started the business, he invested $100,000 for 10 million shares. Now those shares are worth $150 million. Not bad for a business whose total revenues in its short life are about $14 million.        

                    That amazing performance shows how the 1995 stock market focuses on upside possibilities, with the biggest risk deemed to be missing a great bull market. It also is a reminder that whatever the Federal Reserve may do about the cost of credit, money is available. Here Wall Street is falling all over itself to finance a company that lends to deadbeats. There the banks are confident that, despite its history of problems, Westinghouse Electric can borrow $5.4 billion -- more than the total value of its stock -- so that it can buy a television network. Speculation is flourishing.        

                    Graph showing Jayhawk Acceptance's daily closing price this week.        








 














 













 














 








 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Health &raquo 



Too Hot to Handle





Arts » 



The Harmony of Liberty




Opinion »
Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?
Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers.





Sports » 



A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray










Opinion » 



Menagerie: Streaming Eagles





U.S. »




Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat





Television » 



The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time





Book Review » 



Command Performance





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans





World »




Reading, Writing and Allegations




Opinion »
Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal
New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.





Business »




Vice Has Media Giants Salivating




















Westcott  Advanced Lighting Equipment for Professional Photographers, Filmmakers and Enthusiasts















































































































Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.

				Go to cart page		


				Continue		






















JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






Westcott Lighting












Shop






LightingLEDFluorescent & TungstenStrobeliteLight ModifiersSoftboxesZeppelinRapid BoxApollo & HaloPocket BoxUmbrellasLight ControlsReflectors & DiffusersScrim Jim CineScrim JimFast FlagsBackdropsX-Drop SystemLittle Portrait StudioMuslin & Fabric BackdropsVinyl & Canvas Backdrops & FloordropsChroma-KeyBackdrop Supports & TentsAccessoriesMounts & ClampsBatteries & CablesCases & StorageLamps & TubesStands & Arms







Shop

×


SUGGESTIONS: DEALS & PROMOTIONS BEAUTY DISHLUNAGRIP HOT GEAR GUIDE NEW FOR 2017  fitted-hysterical 








Lighting


Flex
Ice Light 2
Skylux
Spiderlite TD6
D5
uLite
Basics LED
Strobelite





Light Modifiers


Studio Softboxes
Rapid Box
Zeppelin
Apollo & Halo
Pocket Box
Umbrellas





Light Controls


Reflectors & Diffusers
Scrim Jim Cine
Scrim Jim
Fast Flags
Omega 360
Eyelighter





Drops & Props


X-Drop System
Muslin & Fabric
Vinyl & Canvas
Chroma-Key
Supports & Tents
Little Portrait Studio






Accessories & Parts


Mounts & Clamps
Batteries & Cables
Cases & Storage
Lamps & Tubes
Stands & Arms
Westcott Swag










Inspiration


Support



FAQ
Orders
Shipping
Payments
Returns
Warranties
Registration
Contact




About



Our Story
Our Team

Our Pros
Our Partners
Our Customers
Dealer Locator
International










 

My Account



 


 






Search:


All Categories
Shop
- Lighting
- Light Modifiers
- Light Controls
- Backdrops
- Accessories












            DZD        

            ARS        

            AMD        

            AWG        

            AUD        

            BSD        

            BHD        

            BBD        

            BYR        

            BMD        

            BOB        

            BWP        

            GBP        

            BND        

            BGN        

            XOF        

            KHR        

            CAD        

            KYD        

            CLP        

            CNY        

            COP        

            CRC        

            DKK        

            DOP        

            XCD        

            EGP        

            EUR        

            FJD        

            GEL        

            GIP        

            GTQ        

            HKD        

            HUF        

            ISK        

            INR        

            IDR        

            ILS        

            JMD        

            JPY        

            JOD        

            KZT        

            KES        

            KWD        

            LBP        

            MWK        

            MYR        

            MRO        

            MUR        

            MXN        

            MDL        

            MAD        

            NPR        

            ANG        

            TWD        

            NZD        

            NGN        

            NOK        

            OMR        

            PKR        

            PGK        

            PEN        

            PHP        

            PLN        

            QAR        

            RON        

            RUB        

            SAR        

            SCR        

            SGD        

            ZAR        

            KRW        

            LKR        

            SEK        

            CHF        

            TZS        

            THB        

            TTD        

            TND        

            TRY        

            USD        

            UAH        

            AED        

            UYU        

            UZS        

            VND        



 
0item(s)

 
                        You have no items in your shopping cart.                    


















Shop

LightingLEDFluorescent & TungstenStrobeliteLight ModifiersSoftboxesZeppelinRapid BoxApollo & HaloPocket BoxUmbrellasLight ControlsReflectors & DiffusersScrim Jim CineScrim JimFast FlagsBackdropsX-Drop SystemLittle Portrait StudioMuslin & Fabric BackdropsVinyl & Canvas Backdrops & FloordropsChroma-KeyBackdrop Supports & TentsAccessoriesMounts & ClampsBatteries & CablesCases & StorageLamps & TubesStands & Arms



Inspiration



Support

FAQ
Orders
Shipping
Payments
Returns
Warranties
Registration
Contact



About

Our Story
Our Team
Our Pros
Our Partners
Our Customers
Dealer Locator
International



Login



 



 


LUNAGRIP KIT

Quickly provides softbox-quality light for speedlights. Save $35 for a limited time!
Shop now 

Photo: ©Kevin Kubota


 


MEGA JS APOLLO

Save $40 on this quick-collapse modifier that offers beautiful, directional light.
Shop now 

Photo: ©Scott Kelby


 


SKYLUX LED

Take advantage of a new lower prices on this popular light and kits.
Shop now 

Photo: ©Emily Soto


 


OCTABANK

Save up to $100 on these BIG modifiers for full-length and group portraits.
Shop now 

Photo: ©Tyler Stableford


 


FLEX
Meet the ground-breaking flexible LED.
Shop now 



 


ICE LIGHT 2
Next generation handheld daylight LED.
Shop now 

Photo: ©Dixie Dixon


 


RAPID BOX
Portable modifiers for speedlights and strobes.
Shop now 
Photo: ©Zach Gray








Popular Gear














Fast Flag Travel Kit







$165.00 


                    	                    	Cost-effective solution to inclusive studio light control.                    














Omega Reflector 360 (40")







$129.90 


                    	                    	The world’s first 15-in-1 reflector.                    














Bob Davis Apollo & Halo 2-Light Perfect Portrait Kit







$299.90 


                    	                    	The must-have portrait kit for speedlight photographers.                    














theC47 Scrim Jim Cine Book Light Kit







$999.90 


                    	                    	Superior lighting for interviews.                    














Collapsible Beauty Dish




1Review(s)



$299.90 


                    	                    	Premier quality collapsible beauty dish designed by Joel Grimes.                    














Flex 1' x 1' LED Mat







$649.90 


                    	                    	Pliable, lightweight, and flicker-free 1x1' LED mat.                    














LunaGrip Handheld Speedlite Mount




2Review(s)



$99.90 


                    	                    	Turn your diffusion panel into hand-held speedlight light modifier in seconds.                    














theC47 Scrim Jim Cine DP Kit







$599.90 


                    	                    	A complete travel-friendly light control kit.                    














D5 Daylight 2-Light Video Blog Kit







$449.90 


                    	                    	Complete lighting kit with backdrop for video blogging and web conferencing.                    














Omega Reflector (38" x 45")




1Review(s)



$99.90 


                    	                    	The everything kit! Use as a standard reflector or a gorgeous ring light style.                    














uLite Erin Manning Home Studio Lighting Kit







$299.90 


                    	                    	Complete continuous lighting kit with daylight CFLs, square softboxes, and educational DVD.                    














Eyelighter







$299.90 


                    	                    	A fashion photographer’s dream. Clamshell style lighting with stunning catchlights.                     






 




Product Brands

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 
 















FREE SHIPPING AVAILABLE
Offered on most U.S. orders over $50.







SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
30-day money back guarantee.







TOP CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Online or call us Mon-Fri 9-5 EST.





 







Subscribe

Sign up to receive the latest Westcott news directly in your inbox.





Submit

 




Chat with Us
1-800-886-1689 Hours: Mon-Fri 9am to 5pm EST
    International dial 419-243-7311

      
 

Learn & Connect
Learn & Connect


Lighting Tips
Gear Guides
Reviews
Events
Review Gear
Press




Support
Support


Product FAQ
Orders
Shipping
Payments
Returns
Warranties
Registration
Contact




About Us
About Us


Our Story
Our Team
Our Pros
Our Partners
Our Customers
Dealer Locator

Legal
Terms
Privacy




 




Created with ♥ in Maumee, OH © F.J. Westcott Co. All Rights Reserved.



























 


 




 


