 



Athene Holding Ltd. Announces Appointment of William J. Wheeler As New President | Business Wire


























































Athene Holding Ltd. Announces Appointment of William J. Wheeler As 
      New President






September 03, 2015 04:34 PM Eastern Daylight Time



PEMBROKE, Bermuda--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Athene Holding Ltd. (“Athene Holding,” and together with its 
      subsidiaries, “Athene” or the “Company”) announced today that it has 
      appointed William J. Wheeler as President, effective September 28, 2015.
    

      Mr. Wheeler brings 28 years of insurance and financial services 
      experience to Athene. He joins the Company from MetLife, Inc. where he 
      served most recently as President, Americas and oversaw the insurance 
      and retirement businesses in the U.S. and Latin America. During his 
      17-year tenure at MetLife, he held various roles including EVP and Chief 
      Financial Officer, and prior to the CFO role, oversaw product management 
      and marketing for the individual business and financial reporting for 
      the institutional business. In addition, Mr. Wheeler served as Treasurer 
      where he played a key role in preparing MetLife to become a public 
      company. He also served as an investment banker for 10 years at 
      Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business 
      School and an A.B. from Wabash College.
    

      Grant Kvalheim will continue in his role as CEO of Athene USA.
    

      Athene Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Belardi said, “I am 
      pleased to have Bill join our strong executive team. He has a wealth of 
      experience and an impressive background in the insurance industry and 
      retirement savings sector. He is a talented executive with a wide range 
      of capabilities, which we are confident will benefit Athene as we 
      continue to grow our business. We look forward to working with him.”
    

      Mr. Wheeler said, “I am excited to join the Athene executive team – a 
      group that has already accomplished important milestones as it continues 
      to expand on its prominent position in the retirement services industry. 
      I look forward to working with the team to produce significant 
      profitable growth, deliver strong financial results and help take the 
      company public.”
    

About Athene Holding Ltd.


      Athene Holding, through its subsidiaries, is a leading provider of 
      products in the retirement savings market. Athene’s principal 
      subsidiaries include Athene Annuity & Life Assurance Company and Athene 
      Life Insurance Company, Delaware-domiciled insurance companies, Athene 
      Annuity and Life Company, an Iowa-domiciled insurance company, Athene 
      Annuity & Life Assurance Company of New York and Athene Life Insurance 
      Company of New York, New York-domiciled insurance companies, and Athene 
      Life Re Ltd., a Bermuda-domiciled reinsurer.
    

      Athene Holding provides retirement solutions, including tax-efficient 
      savings products, to support retirees as well as those saving for 
      retirement. The products offered by Athene include:
    


        Retail fixed and indexed annuity products
      

        Institutional products, such as funding agreements
      

        Co-insurance and reinsurance arrangements with third-party annuity 
        providers
      


      Further information about our companies can be found at www.athene.bm.
    




Contacts

Athene Companies (U.S. operations)Karen Lynn, 515-342-3910KLynn@athene.comorAmanda 
      Steward, 515-342-6403ASteward@athene.comorAthene 
      Holding Ltd. or Athene Life Re Ltd. (Bermuda)Tab Shanafelt, +1 
      441-279-8414enquiries@athene.bm













Contacts

Athene Companies (U.S. operations)Karen Lynn, 515-342-3910KLynn@athene.comorAmanda 
      Steward, 515-342-6403ASteward@athene.comorAthene 
      Holding Ltd. or Athene Life Re Ltd. (Bermuda)Tab Shanafelt, +1 
      441-279-8414enquiries@athene.bm







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















William J. Wheeler - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















William J. Wheeler
President at Athene


View Full Profile
Are you William J. Wheeler? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William J. Wheeler's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William J. Wheeler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William J. Wheeler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William J. Wheeler through your network of contacts.
												








William J. Wheeler's Executive Work History


Current


President, 
Athene


Past
To view William J. Wheeler's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


William J. Wheeler's Biography



William J. Wheeler is president of Athene Holding Ltd. Prior to becoming president of Athene, he was the president of the Americas region of MetLife, Inc. and oversaw MetLife's insurance and retirement businesses in the United States and Latin America. During his 17-year tenure at MetLife, he held various roles including executive vice president and chief financial officer, and prior to the chief financial officer role, oversaw product management and marketing for the individual business and financial reporting for the institutional business. In addition, Mr. Wheeler served as the company's treasurer where he played a key role in preparing Me ...
(Read More)

			William J. Wheeler is president of Athene Holding Ltd. Prior to becoming president of Athene, he was the president of the Americas region of MetLife, Inc. and oversaw MetLife's insurance and retirement businesses in the United States and Latin America. During his 17-year tenure at MetLife, he held various roles including executive vice president and chief financial officer, and prior to the chief financial officer role, oversaw product management and marketing for the individual business and financial reporting for the institutional business. In addition, Mr. Wheeler served as the company's treasurer where he played a key role in preparing MetLife to become a public company. Before joining MetLife, Mr. Wheeler was an investment banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette from 1987 to 1997. He holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and also received an A.B. from Wabash College, where he is now a member of the board of trustees.
		
Source: Evercore Partners Inc. on 04/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William J. Wheeler's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William J. Wheeler. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William J. Wheeler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William J. Wheeler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William J. Wheeler through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William J. Wheeler


















William J. Wheeler's Connections (133)





Sign up now to view William J. Wheeler's 133 connections »









Hope S. Taitz
Board Member, Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.









Christopher G. Townsend
President, Asia, MetLife, Inc.









James M. Kilts
Board Member, MetLife, Inc.









Eduardo Castro-Wright
Former Advisor, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









John M. Keane
Board Member, General Dynamics Corporation









Joseph E. Turk
President, Nxstage Medical, Inc.









Nicholas D. Latrenta
Former Executive Vice President  & General Counsel  MetLife, Inc, MetLife, Inc.









Steven J. Goulart
Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, MetLife, Inc.









Steven A. Kandarian
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, MetLife, Inc.









Denise M. Morrison
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Campbell Soup Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















William J. Wheeler: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 6:58 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Athene Holding Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William J. Wheeler  President, Athene Holding Ltd.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships55$4,052,266As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. William J. Wheeler, also known as Bill, has been the President of Athene Holding Ltd. since September 28, 2015. Mr. Wheeler served as the President of Americas of MetLife, Inc. from November 21, 2011 to August 31, 2015. Mr. Wheeler oversaw MetLife's nsurance and retirement businesses in the United States and Latin America. He served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Metlife Inc. since ... December 2003. Mr. Wheeler served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MetLife, Inc. since December 2003 until November 2011, where he was responsible for overseeing all financial management matters for MetLife. He served as Senior Vice President of Metropolitan Life from 1997 to December 2003. He served as a Senior Vice President of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette for more than five years. Prior to his Chief Financial Officer role, he oversaw business development, product management and marketing activities for the MetLife's Individual Business and also served as Chief Financial Officer of Institutional Business and oversaw financial reporting and planning, as well as expense management for that segment. He joined MetLife in 1997 as Treasurer, where he played a key role in preparing MetLife to become a public company. He was an investment banker for ten years at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ), where he managed a variety of transactions, including equity and debt financings, mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, financial advisory and restructurings in a number of different industries. Mr. Wheeler has 28 years of insurance and financial services experience. He has been an Outside Director at Evercore Partners Inc. since February 02, 2015. He serves on the board of directors for the American Council of Life Insurers (ACLI) and the Council of the Americas (COA). He is a Member of Wabash College's board of trustees. Mr. Wheeler holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Wabash College and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Chesney HousePembroke, -- HM08BermudaPhone: 441-279-8400Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentOutside DirectorEvercore Partners Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBA Wabash College
Other Affiliations
MetLife, Inc.Evercore Partners Inc.Harvard Business SchoolWabash CollegeMetropolitan Life Insurance Company


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,250,000Total Annual Compensation$1,250,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$750,023All Other Compensation$102,240Exercisable Options$166,667Exercisable Options Value$3,360,007Unexercisable Options$2,397,656Unexercisable Options Value$47,943,088Total Value of Options$51,303,094Total Number of Options$2,564,323
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$2,927,240Total Short Term Compensation$1,250,000Other Long Term Compensation$852,263Total Calculated Compensation$4,052,266




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationLeon D. Black Founding Partner, Chairman & CEOApollo Global Management, LLC$100.0KDennis R. Glass President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorLincoln National Corporation$1.2MRodney Owen Martin Jr.Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerVoya Financial, Inc.$1.0MJohn Michael Matovina Chairman, CEO & PresidentAmerican Equity Investment Life Holding Company$727.5KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Athene Holding Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator














Wheeler William J CPA in Ferndale, MI -  (248) 291-6...

































































FIND LOCAL:






 
 
 
 
 
 







Search








Near




























Trending Articles in Your Area







What Health Insurance Plans are Available for College Students?

Read More











How Unemployed Workers Can Get Health Insurance

Read More











When Do You Need to Invest in Life Insurance?

Read More











How Buying the Right Kind of Insurance Coverage Can Protect You

Read More











5 Unnecessary Insurance Policies That Are Wasting Your Money

Read More





















Home

		 > 
			
MI

		 > 
			
Ferndale

		 > 
			
Accountants, Accounting & Bookkeeping

		
	 > Wheeler William J CPA
	





Claim Your Listing




Wheeler William J CPA










Print
				



Share
				







Categories:



                                        Accountants, Accounting & Bookkeeping
                                    
, 





See All




 826 Pinecrest DrFerndale, MI 48220-2318 (248) 291-6345










Related Businesses in category: Accountants, Accounting & Bookkeeping








                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        0.4 MI
                    





                        733 E 9 Mile Rd
                    

                        Ferndale,
                        MI
                        48220




                            Farmers Insurance - Richa...
                        


                        0.5 MI
                    





                        21950 Woodward Ave
                    

                        Ferndale,
                        MI
                        48220




                            Farmers Insurance - Melis...
                        


                        1.3 MI
                    





                        23650 Woodward Ave
                    

                        Pleasant Ridge,
                        MI
                        48069




                            Healthmarkets Insurance -...
                        


                        2.2 MI
                    





                        1625 E 4th St
                    

                        Royal Oak,
                        MI
                        48067




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        2.3 MI
                    





                        816 E 4th St
                    

                        Royal Oak,
                        MI
                        48067




                            Healthmarkets Insurance -...
                        


                        2.7 MI
                    





                        2148 Frazho
                    

                        Warren,
                        MI
                        48091




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        2.8 MI
                    





                        605 W 11 Mile Rd
                    

                        Royal Oak,
                        MI
                        48067




                            Allstate Auto Insurance
                        


                        0.4 MI
                    





                        725 E 9 Mile Rd
                    

                        Ferndale,
                        MI
                        48220




                            Allstate Auto Insurance
                        


                        0.6 MI
                    





                        157 E Chesterfield St
                    

                        Ferndale,
                        MI
                        48220




                            Farmers Insurance
                        


                        0.8 MI
                    





                        2505 Hilton Rd Ste 104
                    

                        Ferndale,
                        MI
                        48220














 






























Reviews


More Info










				Ratings






Overall (0)












				Write A Review




					Rating




















					Review Title






				180 characters left




				Review



				3000 characters left









					Photos

					Select a Photo From Your Computer

					Select photos on your computer to add to your review. You can upload 5 photos at a time. You can upload JPG, GIF or PNG files that are up to 4 MB.
					
				

Upload Photos










Browse










Browse










Browse










Browse










Browse







CANCEL


Start Upload











					Videos

					Select videos on your computer to add to your review. You can upload 1 video in .3gp, .asf, .avi, .flv, .mov, .mp4, .mpg, .vob, .wmv format, which is up to 5 minutes in length.

Upload Video










Browse







CANCEL


Start Upload











					Post My Review on















Clear







			Creating your review...



			Please wait while your review is being saved.






				Success!

				Your review has been posted.











Other Reviews
	





There Are No Ratings For This Business. 
















Vanity City Name:

Ferndale
















Advertisement








More about local.com Features







Email Sign Up
Stay connected and up-to-date in your world. Tap into new events, deals and special opportunities only for Local.com members.












Socialize With Us












Site Map |
                
							Atlanta |
						
							Austin |
						
							Boston |
						
							Chicago |
						
							Dallas |
						
							Denver |
						
							Detroit |
						
							Honolulu |
						
							Houston |
						
							Los Angeles |
						
							Miami |
						
							Minneapolis |
						
							New York |
						
							Philadelphia |
						 
Portland |
						
							Sacramento |
						
							San Diego |
						
							San Francisco |
						
							San Jose |
						
							Seattle |
						
							Washington |
						
                More Cities










Copyright 2017 Local.com Ltd - US Patent 7,231,405 
		- Privacy Policy 
		- Terms of Service
		Advertise with Us - Claim Your Business Listing
		- Contact Us
		- FAQ
		- Site Map
		- Some data provided by Acxiom.
	

       



















Cornerstone National Insurance Names Wheeler as CEO











































































MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management










Featured Stories
Wisconsin Garage Death Policy LimitBorder Tax Cost to California 


News
Markets
Jobs









 





Front Page

National
International
Most Popular
Magazine
Forums
Blogs
Videos/Podcasts
Newsletters


News

Most Popular
National
International
East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West


Topics

P&C Companies
Agents & Brokers
Government
Markets/Coverages
Operations
Claims
More Topics


Magazines

East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West
Subscribe


Research
Directories

Jobs

Sales
Marketing
Management
Finance
Claims
Underwriting
Other


Features

Events
Forums
Buyers Guide
Insurance Twitter
Market Directories
Ad Showcase
Quotes
Polls


Subscribe








Cornerstone National Insurance Names Wheeler as CEO

August 12, 2014 



Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet





Article
Comments


Columbia, Mo.-based Cornerstone Management Partners Inc. named William J. Wheeler as the company’s new chief executive officer. He succeeds Cornerstone founder, President and CEO James C. French.
French will remain with Cornerstone Management Partners, and in addition to his role as CEO Emeritus he will help guide the transition, providing continuity and operational leadership.
Wheeler has 30 years’ experience in insurance, holding senior executive positions at regional property and casualty companies. He most recently served as vice president of product development at Appalachian Underwriters, a national surplus lines broker that operates in 50 states.
Wheeler also has served as president and chief operating officer of Consumers Insurance Co. of Murfreesboro, Tenn.
Cornerstone operates in a four state regional area as a monoline auto insurance company, with additional services provided through its brokerage and finance divisions.
Source: Cornerstone Management Partners Inc.





	Get Insurance Journal Every Day
	





Subscribe




Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet








Categories: Midwest NewsTopics: Cornerstone Management Partners Inc., James C. French, People, people photo available, William J. Wheeler 
Have a hot lead?  Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com




 
 

Advertisers





See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Comment 




Notify me of comments via e-mail 



More News‘Specialize and Diversify,’ Industry Veteran Markel Tells Super Regional InsurersFired OSHA Whistleblower Claims Investigator Turns WhistleblowerMassachusetts SJC Rules in Favor of Employee Fired for Medical Marijuana UseHouse Committee Advances Bill to Let Autonomous Vehicles Bypass StatesTexas Lawmaker Seeks to Limit Austin’s Construction Site Worker ProtectionsRenovation at the Deli; A Story About Additional InsuredsMajor Cyber Attack Could Cost Global Economy $53 Billion: Lloyd’sInsurance Underwriters See Risks, Opportunities in Speeding Up Infrastructure ProjectsMore News Features




 
 
Most Popular

Now
This Week
Commented



O.J. Simpson Faces $58 Million Wrongful Death Damages After Release from Jail
'Specialize and Diversify,' Industry Veteran Markel Tells Super Regional Insurers
Fired OSHA Whistleblower Claims Investigator Turns Whistleblower
Minnesota Fines 2 Insurers for Refusing to Pay Auto Accident Claims
6 Injured in Atlanta Restaurant Roof Collapse


Trump Administration to Sign Insurance Regulation Pact with European Union
Florida Insurers Place All Options on Table to Address AOB Abuse
Travelers Launches Usage-Based Insurance App for Personal Auto Customers
Nonstandard Auto Insurance Market Continues on Downward Path: A.M. Best
Titleist's Fight Against Logo Parody: Infringement or Free Speech?


GOP Senate Leader Backs Repealing Obamacare Without Replacement | Comments (83)
Titleist's Fight Against Logo Parody: Infringement or Free Speech? | Comments (20)
Massachusetts Marijuana Deal Calls for Up to 20 Percent Tax on Pot Sales | Comments (16)
GOP Senate Health Bill Would Substantially Raise Deductibles, Number of Uninsureds: CBO | Comments (13)
California Commissioner Wants Investigation Following Airline Near Miss | Comments (7)

More Top Stories



Industry Insight 

Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance
Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance
 Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies

PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President
 St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge



 
Research and White Papers 


Free Newsletters  Sign up to receive insurance news alerts!










Daily Headlines
Most Popular This Week
MyNewMarkets.com Daily
Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly)
Carrier Management (new)








 
Have a news tip? Tell us.


Current Issue 

Read OnlineDownload PDFSubscribeAvailable on the iPad


 Featured VideosRetaining Young TalentWatch NowOutgoing Florida CFO Atwater Recalls Successes, Frustrations With IndustryListen Now
Editors and Contributors 



Tom Wetzel
Looking at Insurtech the Wrong Way





Don Jergler
California Surplus Lines Don't Want to be Left Out of State's Marijuana Regs





Chris Burand
State of P/C Insurance Industry, Part 1: The Fate of 'Hard Market' Agencies (and Companies)





Andrea Wells
Many Homeowners Don't Understand Deductibles



Quote of Note Over the past several years, Farmers has been moving toward a one brand strategy to more strongly support the Farmers brand.

   More Quotes
Partner Center 


Reader Poll 
In which one of these areas would you MOST like to see the P/C insurance industry develop new products?

 








Insurance Jobs
Insurance Agent - Pacific Northwest - WA, OR, ID, HI, AKCommercial Lines Account Manager - Lincoln, NEInsurance Training Specialist - Lincoln, NECommercial Lines Supervisor - Lincoln, NEInsurance Account Specialist - Lincoln, NE

 




Survey: Agents Suggest How Carriers Can Move from 'Good' to 'Great'
How Training in Property Underwriting Can Help Cyber Underwriters
Ironshore CEO Kelley Talks Goals Under Liberty Mutual
5 Tips for Selling Umbrella Insurance







Fraud News: Attorney Takes Client's Money, Fire Captain Files Fake Claim
Hazard Mitigation Program Aims to Strengthen Louisiana Against Storms
Some Determined to Stay Even as Florida Sinkhole Grows Wider
No Real Rule on How Hot is too Hot on a Plane






Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You WantAug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me ColdSep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits?Oct 12 Interview Right or Else Hire Wrong

 









Insurance News

News by Region
News by Topic

Yesterday

Site Search

 



Features

Insurance Markets Directory
Forums
A.M. Best Company Ratings
Industry Events
Agencies Wanted / For Sale
Buyers Guide
Newswire
Ad Showcase
Insurance Jobs



Connect with us

Email Newsletters
Magazine Subscriptions
For Your Website
RSS Feeds
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Insurance Journal

Submit News
Advertise
Subscribe
Reprints
Link to Us
Contact Us

Wells Media Group Network

Insurance Journal Online
MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management



© 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map





















Wheeler, William J CPA  Lowell, MI Certified Public Accounting - MapQuest







































































































    Wheeler, William J CPA
  


Lowell
MI




 Reviews



(616) 897-7711

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help







































Wheeler William J Rev, Marengo, OH 43334 | 419-253-2184









 


















List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory





Ex: Accountants, Lawyers, Dentists




Location: City, State, County or Zip Code	










Home
List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory









Home > Marengo, Ohio > Clergy : Wheeler William J Rev
About Wheeler William J Rev

Wheeler William J Rev, 3888 State Route 229 Marengo, OH 43334  (419-253-2184). Whether you are looking for information about Wheeler William J Rev, searching for a top Religious Services & Organizations business near me or within zip code 43334, or just trying to locate a company that offers Clergy near Marengo OH, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Wheeler William J Rev.  What is the phone number or fax number of Wheeler William J Rev? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 3888 State Route 229? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Wheeler William J Rev, but also help you find nearby similar businesses:  Religious Clergy in Marengo, OH.


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Wheeler William J Rev is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Wheeler William J Rev coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Marengo, Ohio Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Marengo. 


Is Wheeler William J Rev your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.

Wheeler William J Rev, 3888 State Route 229 Marengo, OH 43334  (419-253-2184). Whether you are looking for information about Wheeler William J Rev, searching for a top Religious Services & Organizations business near me or within zip code 43334, or just trying to locate a company that offers Clergy near Marengo OH, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Wheeler William J Rev.  What is the phone number or fax number of Wheeler William J Rev? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 3888 State Route 229? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Wheeler William J Rev, but also help you find nearby similar businesses:  Religious Clergy in Marengo, OH.


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Wheeler William J Rev is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Wheeler William J Rev coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Marengo, Ohio Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Marengo. 


Is Wheeler William J Rev your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.





Wheeler William J Rev




				
				3888 State Route 229
				Marengo, OH 43334


Phone: 419-253-2184







		Category: Religious Services & OrganizationsSub Category: Clergy (1 of 3 in Marengo, OH)Related Business Classifications:Religious Organizations : Religious ClergyQualifications & Certifications : Professionals On StaffIt is located in Morrow County.Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/pages/wheeler-william-j-rev/159973684023502



Nearby Clergy Results

Wilson Andrew Rev
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations
										




											4065 County Road 15 Marengo, OH 43334419-253-6435



Marengo United Methodist Parsonage
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations, Churches Methodist, Churches
										




											55 W Walnut St Marengo, OH 43334419-253-2951



Fisher Van Rev
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations
										




											503 E High St Ashley, OH 43003 (6.16 miles from Marengo, OH 43334)740-747-2167



Jackson John Pastor
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations
										




											216 Nichols St Cardington, OH 43315 (7.29 miles from Marengo, OH 43334)419-864-3790



Barnes Ted L Rev
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations
										




											3285 Township Road 129 Cardington, OH 43315 (9.06 miles from Marengo, OH 43334)419-946-6625



Pletcher Donald W Pastor
Clergy, Religious Services & Organizations
										




											5070 Newmans Cardington Rd E Cardington, OH 43315 (10.78 miles from Marengo, OH 43334)419-864-4561




People Also Searched For Clergy in Zip Code 43334 Clergy in Morrow County, OH Clergy in Fremont, OH 43420 (View all 3 companies) Religious Services & Organizations in Marengo, OH Churches Seeking Pastors in Marengo, OH Pastors in Marengo, OH Pastors Of Churches in Marengo, OH Rev in Marengo, OH




Get Directions to Wheeler William J Rev





















List Your Site
Login
About Us
Help & FAQ's
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map



© 1999-2014 b2bYellowpages.com® - All rights reserved.
		b2bYellowpages.com logo and all related marks are trademarks of b2bBiz.com, Inc. All other marks are the property of their respective owners
	











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







