




WHEELER CRAIG - WILMINGTON, NC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



WILMINGTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            WHEELER CRAIG
                                    



 





















W 


WHEELER CRAIG
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5021 CROWN POINT LN WILMINGTON, NC 28409
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts CRAIG B WHEELER






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Wheeler Craig has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Wilmington. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Craig Wheeler – Design & Other Matters




 

























 
















        


















  






Tel: 619-517-9946
Email: craigwheeler7@gmail.com










Hello and thanks for stopping by. My name is Craig Wheeler and I’m a designer and digital strategist living in San Diego. I work each day creating and optimizing websites, brands, and a realm of other digital applications – all with a common goal of increasing user engagement and conversion. Let’s build something together that works!






  




  





Qualcomm 4G/5G Summit





VIEW PROJECT













  





Seiko Printers





VIEW PROJECT













  





Pinnacle Hotels





VIEW PROJECT










  




  





Tritium Cyber Security





VIEW PROJECT













  





Qualcomm Device Showcase





VIEW PROJECT













  





Pro Aupair





VIEW PROJECT










  






Design & Strategy





For years, I’ve been working alongside digital sales, marketing, and development pros. Together we’ve been testing and delivering on solutions that bring the most value to our clients. Anywhere from small businesses and start-ups, upwards to fortune 500 brand names.
 
My expertise spans a wide range from conceptualizing, white boarding and wire framing, all the way through design and delivery of final production assets to developers. I play a role that strategizes winning concepts and sees them thru to completion and beyond – often into the analytics, optimizing, and pivoting stages. I also work within wordpress to build and launch websites as a complete one-stop shop. My skills include art direction, creative direction, UX and UI design, branding, logo design, content creation, social media, PPC and remarketing campaigns, wordpress theme builds and customizing.











Design for Good



  












I believe that design and strategy play a big role in educating and influencing many people in today’s digital age.






  












My passion lies in the ideation and collaboration of spreading awareness on products, philosophies, and movements that benefit humanity.






  












From spreading positive impact on local community up to national and global movements, I’d love to collaborate on your next endeavor.










  






Clients I’ve Worked With



  















































  






Looking for Solutions?





Delivering the digital goods is my fave. If you’re interested in working together or wanting to learn more, please feel free to get in touch.















 Name
 
 Email
 
 What’s on your mind?
 






















© 2017 Craig Wheeler. All Rights Reserved. 



     












Work
About
Contact



 

 















































Executive Team | About | Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







Please enable JS


 













































About


About•Executive Team







Executive Team


Craig A. Wheeler President and Chief Executive Officer


Jim Anderson, Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Science


Santiago Arroyo, M.D., Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer


Jo-Ann Beltramello Senior Vice President, Human Resources


Ian D. Fier Senior Vice President, Program and Alliance Leadership


Ganesh V. Kaundinya, Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder


Young Kwon, Ph.D. Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy


Bruce A. LeicherSenior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary


Anthony Manning, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Research


Scott M. StorerSenior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer


 

 





Craig A. WheelerPresident and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Wheeler joined Momenta as CEO in September of 2006. He led the company through the launch of its first complex drug products, including the first generic versions of LOVENOX® and once-daily COPAXONE®. He has overseen the company’s growth into the diversified business it is today. In 2011, he was an E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year Regional Award winner. In May 2012, the Boston Globe named Momenta the number one company in their annual Globe 100 survey of top performing companies. Prior to joining Momenta, Mr. Wheeler was President of Chiron BioPharmaceuticals where during his five-year tenure the pharmaceutical division’s global sales more than doubled. Before that, he was a senior member of The Boston Consulting Group’s health care practice and worked extensively in the health care sector. He began his career at Merck’s MSDRL research unit.  Mr. Wheeler is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Amicus Therapeutics as well as the Generic Pharmaceutical Association (GPhA) where he previously served as Chairman from 2014 to February 2016.  He also previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals where he helped oversee the transition of the company from a research-based platform to a fully integrated CNS pharmaceutical company until 2015 when it was acquired by Otsuka Pharmaceuticals for $3.5 billion.  







Jim Anderson, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Science
Dr. Anderson joined Momenta Pharmaceuticals in March of 2007. He is responsible for the establishment of manufacturing processes and associated controls, supply of clinical materials, transfer of commercial processes to external CMO partners, and preparation of CMC regulatory submissions for all of Momenta’s products that are in development. Dr. Anderson initially joined Momenta as the head of the Analytical Development organization. Prior to Momenta, he was the Director of Pharmacy and Analytical Development at Bristol-Myers Squibb Medical Imaging, where he led project teams for new drug product programs. In total, Dr. Anderson has approximately 25 years of CMC development experience.







Santiago Arroyo, M.D., Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Arroyo joined Momenta in June of 2017.  He is responsible for preclinical and clinical development and regulatory affairs. He joins Momenta from Boston Pharmaceuticals, where he was Chief Medical Officer. Previously he was Senior Vice President, Head of Clinical Research and Chief Medical Officer of Biotherapeutics and Pharmatherapeutics at Pfizer Inc. in the areas of Cardiovascular and Metabolism, Pain, Neuroscience, Regenerative Medicine and Rare Diseases. He was previously Therapeutic Area Head for Neurosciences, Discovery Medicine and Clinical Pharmacology at Bristol-Myers Squibb and Neurology Global Therapeutic Area Head for Eisai Global Clinical Development. Dr. Arroyo was an Instructor in Neurology at the Johns Hopkins Hospital and Associate Professor of Neurology and Director of the Epilepsy Program at the Medical College of Wisconsin and at the Hospital Clinic of Barcelona, Spain. Dr. Arroyo received his medical degree from the Autonomous University of Madrid and his Ph.D. from the University of Barcelona, Spain.







Jo-Ann BeltramelloSenior Vice President, Human Resources
Ms. Beltramello joined Momenta in October of 2007. She was previously the Chief Human Resources Officer at Multiplan, a provider of health care cost management solutions with over 2,000 employees conducting business in all fifty states. In this role, she was responsible for all human resource operations, including strategy, policies and program development. Prior to joining Multiplan, she held senior human resources roles at Private Healthcare Systems, Inc., Oxford Global Resources, Inc., and Randstad North America.







Ian D. Fier Senior Vice President, Program and Alliance Leadership
Mr. Fier joined Momenta in October of 2002. He was previously Vice President of Clinical Affairs at BioTransplant Inc. where he led a clinical development group responsible for the development and commercialization of both antibody-based therapeutics and medical devices. Prior to that, he held positions in product development and project management at Hoechst-Roussel (now Sanofi Aventis), Astra USA and The Medicines Company and was involved with the development and launch of several successful products. Mr. Fier received his BS from Tufts University and a MBA in Heath Care Management from Boston University.







Ganesh V. Kaundinya, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Kaundinya is one of Momenta's founders. Since inception, Dr. Kaundinya has played a key role in defining the business and scientific strategy and in building and leading the research organization. Prior to founding Momenta, Dr. Kaundinya was a member of the MIT faculty where he pioneered research in the areas of analytical techniques for complex molecules and extracellular matrix regulation of cell biology.  He also served as the Director of Bioinformatics for the Consortium for Functional Glycomics, a multi-milliondollar NIH initiative to study the role of complex sugars in biology.







Young Kwon, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy
Dr. Kwon joined Momenta in January of 2011. At Momenta, he is responsible for driving business and corporate development strategy aimed at achieving Momenta’s corporate objectives. These objectives include further developing our biosimilars and novel drug businesses through strategic transactions like those with Baxter Healthcare, Virdante Pharmaceuticals and others. He was previously Senior Director of Business Development at Biogen Idec, where he led corporate development activities, including evaluation of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic transactions. Prior to that, he identified and invested in early-stage life science companies at Advanced Technology Ventures. He has co-authored numerous peer-reviewed publications in the area of neurobiology.







Bruce A. LeicherSenior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Mr. Leicher joined Momenta in July of 2008. He was previously Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc. and also served as General Counsel and in senior legal positions at Antigenics Inc., Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Curis, Inc., Genetics Institute, Inc., and Wyeth. Mr. Leicher brings significant legal expertise in research and product development, product commercialization and launch, corporate finance and partnering transactions, intellectual property law and licensing, corporate governance and litigation. In private practice, he served as the Co-Chair of the Life Sciences Practice Group at Hill and Barlow and was an attorney at Hale and Dorr and Butler and Binion.







Anthony Manning, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Research
Dr. Manning joined Momenta in January 2013. He is responsible for research and driving the discovery of novel products. Since joining Momenta, his teams have advanced three novel autoimmune drugs (M281, M230 and hsIVIg) into development and implemented a research engine to discover novel personalized therapies based on patient biocharacterization. Prior to Momenta, Dr. Manning was Vice President and Head of Immunology Research for Biogen Idec, Inc. Before that, he was Vice President and Global Head of Inflammation, Autoimmunity and Transplantation Research at Roche Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Manning holds a PhD from the University of Otago, New Zealand, and has authored more than 100 peer-reviewed publications and patents in the fields of signal transduction, autoimmune diseases and drug discovery.







Scott M. StorerSenior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mr. Storer joined Momenta in November 2016 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.   At Momenta, he is responsible for Finance, Accounting, Investor Relations, Information Technology and Facilities.  Prior to joining Momenta, Mr. Storer was Senior Vice President, Finance at Baxalta, Inc. following its spin-out from Baxter International in July 2015. Before that, Mr. Storer held several positions with Baxter, most recently serving as Vice President of BioScience Finance where he provided financial leadership, internal controls and business partnership to the BioScience US commercial organization, global manufacturing, R&D, business development and all support functions. Mr. Storer began his work at Baxter as a financial analyst in 1997..



 

Last Updated 6/1/2017































 Momenta Pharmaceuticals' (MNTA) CEO Craig Wheeler on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Momenta Pharmaceuticals' (MNTA) CEO Craig Wheeler on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 2.17 | About: Momenta Pharmaceuticals, (MNTA) Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MNTA)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 2, 2017 10:00 ET
Executives
Sarah Carmody - Director, Investor Relations
Craig Wheeler - President and Chief Executive Officer
Scott Storer - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Dana Flanders - JPMorgan
Tom Shrader - Stifel
Douglas Tsao - Barclays
Etzer Darout - Leerink Partners
Ami Fadia - UBS
Liav Abraham - Citi
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Momenta Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host, Ms. Sarah Carmody, Director of Investor Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Sarah Carmody
Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Momenta’s conference call to discuss financial results for the first quarter of 2017. Today’s call is being webcast and you can view the slides we will be presenting in the Investors section of our website at momentapharma.com.
Joining me on the call for prepared remarks are Craig Wheeler, our President and CEO and Scott Storer, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our remarks, we will open the call to questions.
Before I begin, I would like to mention that our call will contain forward-looking statements about our financial outlook, business plans and objectives and other future events and developments. These statements include, for example, plans for and status and timing of regulatory filings, regulatory approvals and launches of our product candidates; statements regarding the Glatopa fill/finish manufacturer; the timing of litigation and regulatory proceedings and related strategic decisions; plans for and progress of development of our product candidates including timing of clinical trials and availability of clinical data; our regulatory pathway goals; our expectations regarding accounting treatment for payments from our collaborators; our goals and strategy; plans for and decisions regarding our current and potential future collaboration; updates regarding our product candidates; guidance about our operating expenses and spending projections. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include those described in the slide entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements included in the presentation accompanying this call under the heading Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as other documents that we may file from time-to-time with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of today’s date and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made on today’s call. On the call, we also discuss non-GAAP operating expense. Please see the presentation accompanying this call for further information and reconciliation of this measure.
With that, I will turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Wheeler
Thank you, Sarah and welcome everybody. I will begin today’s call with a discussion of the regulatory status of Glatopa 40 milligram and our Glatopa 20 milligram product results. Then I will cover our biosimilar and novel drug programs and Scott will discuss our financial results for the quarter and then we will open the call for questions.
As most of you know, Pfizer, Sandoz’s contracted Glatopa fill/finish manufacturer, received an FDA warning letter in February citing observations at McPherson, Kansas facility where our Glatopa products are manufactured. While Glatopa was not specifically cited in the observation that led to the warning letter, the FDA stated that it may withhold approval of pending drug applications. At this time, we believe the warning letter is the sole cause of the delay in the approval of Sandoz’s ANDA for Glatopa 40 milligram as we have no outstanding questions from the FDA on the application.

In terms of the status of the resolution of the warning letter, Pfizer submitted their response to the FDA. We have reviewed the response and believe it is comprehensive and convincing demonstrating that Pfizer has already done a significant amount of work to address the observations. It’s important to point out that the observations and the warning letter relate to a May to June 2016 inspection and the warning letter was not received until February of 2017. Pfizer’s response not only confirms that they have already completed most of the commitment made to the FDA following that inspection, but that they are also diligently working to implement a comprehensive quality improvement plan to remediate any outstanding observations within this facility. Pfizer has also confirmed to Novartis Sandoz that the resolution of this warning letter remains a top priority for their company and they are working with the FDA to resolve any remaining concerns as quickly as possible.
We also continue to work very closely with Sandoz to explore other possible avenues that could allow us to get Glatopa 40-milligram product to market. We are in the process of evaluating potential second source fill/finish manufacturers with the equipment necessary and the available capacity to supply the product to the market. Based on the work Pfizer has already done to resolve the observations and the warning letter and the effort Sandoz is putting forth to resolve the warning letter, we still believe there is potential for approval on launch of Glatopa 40 milligram in the 2017 timeframe. We hope to be able to provide more definitive timing on approval in the coming months.
On the legal front, as noted in our prior calls, Teva has appealed the District Court and IPR determinations singing various 40 milligram orange book patent invalid to the CAFC. Briefing will continue through the summer and the decision on the validity of these patents is expected from the CAFC later this year or in early 2018. Teva filed a case on the fifth 40-milligram Orange Book patent earlier this year. However, all parties recently filed a motion to dismiss this suite. Teva also filed a patent case earlier this year filtration patent, which is in the early stages of litigation. We continue to seek the [indiscernible] release in Delaware the Teva’s new filtration patent is invalid, not infringed and unenforceable. Teva has discontinued its efforts to seek preliminary injunctive relief at this time.
Turning to our Glatopa 20-milligram product, as a reminder, the FDA’s warning letter does not restrict the production or shipment of Glatopa 20-milligram and Sandoz continues to supply the U.S. market with this high-quality, more affordable generic. Glatopa 20-milligram also remains the sole generic product on the market for patients with RRMS and now captures approximately 42% of the 20-milligram U.S. glatiramer acetate market. In the first quarter of 2017, we recorded $23 million in product revenues from sales of Glatopa 20-milligram. We are pleased that this revenue stream continues to provide steady funding for our business.
Now to biosimilars and I will start with our lead biosimilar candidate, M923 our biosimilar HUMIRA candidate. In January, we announced that we had negotiated the early termination of M923 collaboration agreement with Baxalta, now wholly-owned by Shire. Also as part of the early termination, Momenta received a one-time payment of $51.2 million from Baxalta to fund the estimated costs of performing the development activities through September 2017. Since then, we have completed the majority of the transfer responsibility for M923 from Baxalta back to Momenta. Our development and regulatory teams are now working to prepare U.S. and EU submissions for the product. This program remains on track for a first submission for marketing approval in the mid-2017 timeframe.

Now that we have full ownership of this late-stage program, we are evaluating our options for potentially capturing significantly more value from this program. As we stated in the past, we have had inquiries from interested parties and are now in active discussions with multiple potential collaboration partners and evaluating different opportunities to maximize the value of this asset. As you know, deals take some time to negotiate and we will update you as soon as we have news that we can communicate.
I will now turn to our biosimilar collaboration with Mylan and start with M834, our biosimilar ORENCIA candidate. The Phase 1 study is progressing and enrollment is now complete. We expect to report top line data in the second half of 2017 and are now beginning preparations for a Phase 3 study for M834. On the IP front, in January, the PTAB upheld the validity of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s 239 subcutaneous formulation patent for ORENCIA that expires in 2028. We have appealed the decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals. BMS has filed a motion to dismiss the appeal, which is pending before the court and we continue to expect the case to proceed to a decision in April 2018. Based on the court’s decision, we have adjusted our strategy to allow us to proceed independent of the outcome. We remain confident in the development strategy for M834 and believe we have a pathway to launch M834 at market formation or in the 2020 timeframe. Lastly, on biosimilars we are progressing M710, the next biosimilar candidate we and Mylan prioritized for development as part of our collaboration. We expect to initiate a clinical trial for M710 in late 2017 or early 2018. And we will disclose the biosimilar candidate closer to that timeframe.
Moving onto our novel drug pipeline, I will start with our lead novel candidate, M281, our recombinant anti-FcRn candidate designed to be a novel, best-in-class monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with antibody mediated disease. We have successfully completed the Phase I single ascending dose study in healthy volunteers. Data from this portion of the study show that a single dose of 30 mg per kg achieved up to 80% reduction of circulating IgG antibodies in approximately 10 days and maintain approximately 50% reduction of IgG for about 20 days. M281 was well tolerated with no serious adverse events observed. In January, we initiated the multiple ascending dose portion of the study. Data continued to look strong and the safety profile is clean so far. We expect to release the full data from the single and multiple ascending dose portions of the study in the second half of 2017.
Now to M230, a recombinant homogeneous Fc trimer that antagonizes the activating Fc gamma receptor system and blocks immune complex media and tissue damage, earlier this year, we announced a license agreement and a collaboration with CSL for the development of M230 and other next generation Fc multimer programs. The collaboration became effective February 17 and since then, we have been working closely with CSL through a joint steering committee to put together development plan for M230. The program is on track to enter the clinic in the fourth quarter of this year. As a reminder, the agreement with CSL provides us the option to fund 50% of global research and development and U.S. commercialization and manufacturing costs. In exchange, for either a 50% share of the U.S. profits or a 30% share of the U.S. profit, depending on the stage of development at which we make the decision. We expect to make our decision on the first optimum point mid-year. Importantly, we also have opt out rights under the co-funding arrangement should we decide that we have to limit our investment depending on our capital needs in the future. If at any time we choose to opt out, milestone payments and royalties will revert back to their original prearrangement amounts.

In addition to advancing M230, the agreement initiates a research collaboration to develop additional Fc multimer proteins that may originate from Momenta’s or CSL’s research. I am pleased to report the joint steering committee has finalized a research plan that will initiate work on the development of the collaboration’s next generation Fc multiple programs shortly. I had the opportunity to visit CSL’s headquarters in Australia and spent time with their teams recently. And I came away very impressed by their company and their team. And I feel we have initiated a very strong collaboration. M230 is a top priority in their portfolio and we are both excited about the direction our research collaboration is going.
Finally, on novel drugs, I will discuss M254, our hyper-sialylated IVIg program designed as a potentially high potency version of IVIg. The program continues to progress nicely and we are on track to initiate an IND-enabling toxicology study this year. We expect to initiate a clinical trial in 2018. In closing, we remain optimistic for our potential approval and launch of Glatopa 40 milligram this year and the near-term value it could create for our company. Our Glatopa 20 miligram product continues to provide steady revenues and our balance sheet is well positioned to fund our ongoing programs over the next 2 years. Beyond Glatopa, our portfolio of biosimilars and novel drugs is advancing well. Our goal is to be able to launch one or more of these products per year beginning in 2020. This portfolio has the potential to create significant value for our company, our shareholders and the patients we look to serve.
And with that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Storer
Thanks Craig. Good morning everyone. I will now review our financial results for the first quarter of 2017 and provide guidance for Q2 and the full year. We reported a net loss for the first quarter of $32 million compared to a net loss of $24 million in the same quarter of last year. Revenues for the first quarter totaled $27 million compared with $20 million for the same period in 2016. First quarter 2017 revenue included $23.4 million in product revenue, all of which was profit share we earned from the Sandoz sales of Glatopa 20 mg. This compares to $15 million in product revenue earned from Sandoz sales of Glatopa 20 mg for the same period of 2016. Collaborative research and development revenues, which includes $2 million of revenue recognized from Mylan’s original $45 million upfront payment decreased to $3 million from $5 million in the first quarter of 2016. The decrease was primarily due to the termination of the M923 collaboration with Baxalta effective December 31, 2016.
First quarter R&D expense increased to $36 million when compared to $29 million in the same period of 2016. The increase in R&D expense was due to the increased spending on M923 following the transition of the program back to Momenta. Please note that the incremental spending for M923 is funded through September 2017 via the $51 million payment from Baxalta. As a reminder, costs incurred by the company under the Mylan collaboration are recorded net of Mylan’s 50% share of our expenses plus our 50% share of any collaboration expenses incurred by Mylan. First quarter G&A expense increased to $23 million from $16 million in the same period in 2016. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $5 million in legal fees and $2 million in personnel related expenses, primarily due to share based compensation expense.
The company previously gave operating expense guidance that expected non-GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter of 2017 to be approximately $50 million to $60 million per quarter. Our non-GAAP operating expense is defined as total operating expenses less stock based compensation and less collaborative reimbursement revenues. For the first quarter of 2017, our total operating expenses of $59 million less stock based compensation of $7 million and less collaborative reimbursement revenues of $1 million totaled $51 million, which is at the lower end of our $50 million to $60 million guidance range. We started the first quarter with $353 million in cash. During the first quarter, we received a one-time asset return payment of $51 million from Baxalta in connection with the early termination of the collaboration agreement for M923 and a $50 million upfront license fee from CSL. In addition, during the first quarter, we recorded net proceeds of $40 million from the sale of common stock from a previously approved $75 million ATM financing facility. We ended the first quarter with $434 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.

Now turning to guidance, today, we are reiterating that we expect non-GAAP operating expenses will be approximately $200 million to $240 million for 2017. Specifically, for Q2, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be $50 million to $60 million. Our current full year spending projections include approximately $55 million of spending on M923, $51 million of which has already been already paid by Shire as part of the termination agreement and for which net income was realized in Q4 2016. Also as a reminder, we continued to expect to recognize $2 million of revenue per quarter from Mylan’s $45 million upfront payment. In addition, we expect to fully recognize a $50 million upfront payment from CSL as revenue in the second half of 2017 after the completion of a predefined milestone in the CSL 230 collaboration agreement.
We will now open the call to questions. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders
Hi, thanks. This is actually Dana Flanders on for Chris. My first question, just on the warning letter, do you have any sense at this point if the FDA is looking at the McPherson plant in isolation or if they may be taking just a broader view of the legacy Hospira network given some of the past compliance issues that I know they have mentioned in their warning letter? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Dana thanks. This is Craig. We don’t really have that degree of insight into it. Obviously, whenever a warning letter is issued, the agency takes a look at the bold record of the company, but everything that we have seen are really directly related to the McPherson plant. But again, we don’t have any specific insight into the broader issue that Pfizer may or may not be dealing with.
Dana Flanders
Okay. Thanks. And my second, just quick follow-up, it sounds like you are satisfied with Pfizer’s response to-date and the just their efforts to resolve the issue, so are you still looking at either switching facilities or suppliers or just either backup plans in case remediation is extended and just how big of focus for you is that at this point and when would you have enough information to make that decision? Thank you.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. I would say of course we are looking at every opportunity we have been to be able to get the product to the market as soon as possible. The primary focus is resolution to the warning letter. And your question was asking, are we satisfied with Pfizer’s attention, yes, I am. It is very clear that both Pfizer and Novartis have placed this as a very high priority and have put all hands on deck to try get this warning letter resolved. The review that we had of the submission that they have made to the original 43 certainly indicated to us that Pfizer was taking seriously the 483 and so significant progress is made even before the warning letter came. But we are looking at alternative sites because you never know you asked the part – first part of the question, we don’t have insights into their broader message here on the old full set of Hospira facilities or not and so we are and we will continue to do that until know exactly what the path to market is.
Dana Flanders
Great. Thank you very much.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Thanks.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Tom Shrader from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Tom Shrader
Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. If I can follow-up on the last line of questioning a little bit, if you were to identify a second site, say today, how long would it be before you were up and running, can you give us any sense of what that process would involve?
Craig Wheeler

Well, I can give a sense of the process. I don’t think I have the math in front of me in terms of being exactly how long it would take. But the first thing whenever you go into a new fill/finish site is you actually have to either have the equipment necessary to fill their particular products you are or have to make modifications to have their line ready to be able to fill. Once that’s done, it’s a pretty straightforward process. You have to run the process to get a registration batch, you put it on stability as you differ anything that you filed for a change in site. So there is a period that would vary depending upon the current capacity and capability of the vendor and then once it’s done, it’s a pretty set timeline in terms of doing with stability and then the review period of the FDA, which is on a case like this probably a six months to eight months review.
Tom Shrader
Okay, perfect. And then for 923, is it safe to say that the legal issues have jammed things up enough, you are likely to be ready to launch when anyone is able to launch, is it going to all hold everyone at once now, is that your expectation?
Craig Wheeler
My expectation is that the legal issues are certainly going to impact everybody in this race and therefore, our statement that we think we will be there at market formation holds based upon our own view of our own both development strategy and legal strategy. Will everybody be there at once, probably not, but you can certainly expect there will be more than one product there. I think everybody is going to have their own set of legal issues depending upon their own program and how they pursuit the legal issues, either IPR or through the patent dance once they actually file a product. So we do expect it to be competitive market when it launches.
Tom Shrader
Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot Craig.
Craig Wheeler
Certainly, thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsao from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Douglas Tsao
Hi, good morning. So Craig, just following up on M834, obviously you are still pursuing the IPR process and new fields process on the 239 patent, but based on your comments, I mean does that suggest you have – you believe that from the formulation side that you have alternative means to potentially bring that product to market?
Craig Wheeler
I am being very careful for competitive reasons since you were talking about specifically where we are in development. But I think I will just repeat the words, I would say carefully is that with the patent case, we have adjusted our development strategy and we believe independent of the outcome of the appeal that we will have a path to market to be able to launch at market formation. So we are clearly thinking about a number of different directions here.
Douglas Tsao
Okay. And then just, obviously between 834 and 923 as well as the partnership with Mylan, you have got a lot going on the biosimilars side or when do you expect to sort of talk more broadly about sort of traditional molecules and with those primarily go through the Mylan partnership or at what point do you start to think about sort of trying to build out sort of the standalone business or portfolio for yourself?
Craig Wheeler
Well, I think right now, we still have quite a bit of work to do on the Mylan portfolio that’s keeping us plenty busy. So I don’t think you would see us extending dramatically on biosimilars beyond that at this point. We only announced one. We anticipate another – the second part of that to Mylan when it goes to the clinic, which is hopefully the end of this year or beginning of next year. And then after that, we have a regular pace as we have talked about with the Mylan programs. And so right now, I think our plate is pretty full in terms of the number of programs that we are working on and I think there has been a lot of work that we have to pick up in taking the HUMIRA candidate back from the Baxalta, because it’s an interesting [indiscernible] to do this before kind of go from a standing start to trying to file a program and pick up all the responsibilities for it in about six months and so our team is very busy with that right now. So I am not saying never saying never, but I would say right now, you should expect we are pretty busy with [indiscernible] on the biosimilars side.

Douglas Tsao
And then just one final quick question on 923, I mean to the extent that how much is sort of in terms of finding a new partner for that sort of dictated by sort of rethinking the legal strategy and some of the recent developments on that front in terms of the IP estate?
Craig Wheeler
I think our partner look us kind of independent of the IP side of things. I mean we have said that our goal is to maximize the value of the program. And so we have prioritized out-licensing versus more creative may be channel kinds of partnerships right now, because we have had this delay on the Glatopa 40 milligram revenues. But I think we are looking at what could we do on our own, what happens out there with a partner, what’s the opportunity globally, could we get into the market earlier in different parts of the globe, all of those types of things are really factoring into our partner discussions.
Douglas Tsao
Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gerberry from Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Etzer Darout
Hi, how are you. This is Etzer filling in for Jason. Just one quick question on the M230, just wanted to know I guess based on your earlier comments, when can we expect the next clinical updates for that program, just trying to get a sense of what the developmental regulatory timeline would be for that product to reach the market? Thank you.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. So right now, our plan is to actually enter the clinic with Phase 1 in the fourth quarter of this year. So you should think about it, Phase 1, which is typically about a year long, by the time we get through all of that. And then depending upon the results there, we would make a choice of which indication and some indications would be quicker to market, some would take longer. And so I really don’t think I am in a position of predicting and give exactly when we will reach market depending on if we choose a longer product indication or a short-term acute indication and the results of the Phase 1 will really dictate that. So we are in the process of putting that development plan together with CSL right now and we will be able to give some more color of that when we get into the clinic, but it really is going to dependent on the indication to enter those timelines to the market.
Etzer Darout
Great. Thank you.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Mark Goodman from UBS. Your line is now open.
Ami Fadia
Hi, this is Ami Fadia for Mark. Couple Of questions, just as you think about the partnership opportunities for HUMIRA, how much of it would be determined by sort of just the deal structure and would you need to be able to fund some of the development going forward for the program or any other – through that partnership? I have one or two other follow-ups, but let me make free to answer this one.
Craig Wheeler
Sure, so I think the important thing for us is to be able to retain a reasonable revenue stream out of that product and so that could come in a number of ways. And we are looking at deals which allow us to get a significantly higher either profit share or royalty than we got out of the original Baxalta deal. And so that’s kind of number one for us. This program, the trials are done at this point and it’s covered through September with the payment. So the kind of things that we would be paying for now is going to launch preparation types of things as well as legal things and so there is still a significant amount of spend going forward, but it’s not really development expenses. It’s more on the supply and the legal side. And obviously, we would be very helpful to have somebody partnering on those, because the legal expenses could go over some time here. And so that’s a component of it, but I think our focus is value for the company in the long run for the product right now.

Ami Fadia
Got it. On the Glatopa 40-milligram, what gives you confidence that there is still a possibility of being able to launch the product this year, because you have mentioned that the warning letter is the key thing preventing in approval and it doesn’t seem like that’s going to go away plus an alternative site would take much longer. So what gives you confidence for 2017 launch?
Craig Wheeler
Yes, I think it really is the progress that Pfizer has made in terms of getting their plant in shape. So, they didn’t get a standing start when they got the warning letter. They started way back in – when they got the 483 back in last June and July and that’s what gives me at least a possibility of seeing a launch this year. If you look at the timing of resolution of the warning letters, the medium somewhere around 13 to 15 or something like that, but there is – that means there is a whole bunch that are shorter than that. And I think from what I have seen so far, what we have seen in terms of what Pfizer has done in the commitment to it, there is a reasonable chance that they will actually resolve the warning letter in a shorter period of time than the full year.
Ami Fadia
Got it. And then maybe just two other quick questions. Just one on Glatopa 20-milligram, the reported revenues for Momenta were much higher than we were anticipating. Is there – and we followed the IMS scripts and that didn’t show that type of a spike. So, are there additional volumes that are not being captured by IMS here or was there some additional inventory or net price change in the quarter? And then secondly – yes, go ahead.
Scott Storer
Sorry. Certainly, there is a portion that’s not captured in IMS. I don’t know what percentage that is, but there is always some inaccuracy in that. But I think when we look at it, I think we are about the same market share that we were on last quarter, so you are seeing some variation in accounts and timing of accounts, but I don’t think you should look at this as a transition to a major growth period for the product. I think we are seeing just quarter-to-quarter variations here.
Ami Fadia
Okay. And then just lastly on the CSL upfront, I may not have heard correctly, you said you will record this as revenue in the second half of this year or would you start amortizing it?
Scott Storer
No, the current expectations, that’s currently seeing the balance sheet as a deferred revenue balance. There is actually a predefined milestone in the agreement that we expect is going to add either late Q3 or early Q4. When that gets triggered, then we will recognize the full $50 million in the back half of 2017. So that will not be amortized, it will be a lump recognition.
Ami Fadia
So the $50 million will be a lumped recognition, but then is that the milestone or is that the – the upfront is a balance sheet item, but then the milestone is how much?
Scott Storer
I don’t think we have disclosed what the ongoing milestones for 23 are going to look like. We have talked about $550 million in total for development in commercial milestone, but the original $50 million upfront payment is currently sitting on the balance sheet as a deferred revenue item. The balance is in our cash balance and we will recognize that in the P&L in the second half of 2017.
Craig Wheeler
Yes. So, as Scott was referring to in his initial comment was that there is a certain sect of activities that have to happen before we can recognize that. And once that happens, it will trigger the $50 million recognition.
Ami Fadia
Got it. That makes sense. Thank you. Okay.
Craig Wheeler
Yes.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Liav Abraham from Citi. Your line is now open.
Liav Abraham
Good morning. Craig based on your commentary on Pfizer’s development for progress of the warning letter and you said that there is possibility potentially for approval this year. It seems as though based on your comments that if an approval would have come, it would be at the very back end of the year. Is that a fair comment? And also taking into account the fact that I think Sandoz did remove Glatopa 40-milligram from their 2017 guidance. Any specificity on timing would be helpful?

Craig Wheeler
Yes. I wish I could you give you more. Obviously, we are going to work to see as soon as absolutely possible. But I do think Sandoz is looking at this as it maybe towards the second half of the year. And so I think they have been – they have made their own decisions in terms of how they are changing the guidance. Obviously we don’t give guidance on the revenue side, but we do think that things are working, there is ongoing dialogue with the FDA and where Pfizer is, but there is a possibility, but second half of the year is probably a better timeframe.
Liav Abraham
Got it. And then just on the next steps for Pfizer and the resolution of this warning letter, you mentioned that a response has been submitted by Pfizer to the FDA. What are the next steps based on your understanding to the FDA have to accept the responses and their response and agree to it today. It is probably in the inspection that needs to take place and how involved are you in Momenta in this process?
Craig Wheeler
So I will answer your last first is that we are – you think of us as observers. We aren’t very involved at all, because we have – it’s Sandoz, Novartis and Pfizer that are really handing this. And the process by once a response has been issued it varies. It varies depending upon the quality of the response, the questions of the FDA had sometimes, there are verbal exchanges, sometimes there is a review and a second set of questions, sometimes there is a resolution or a re-inspection that happens pretty quickly. And we don’t have good view to exactly that detail of what’s happening when. So, I can’t give you any specific resolution process for the specific warning letter, because it does vary from letter to letter.
Liav Abraham
How frequently are you kept in the loop and how good is the interaction?
Craig Wheeler
Our interaction is primarily with Sandoz. And so we get our information from them with obviously permission from Pfizer that we see that information. So, if we have a little bit of a delay in terms of when we get that information but we are in very frequent contact as you would imagine.
Liav Abraham
Got it. Thank you very much.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Thank you.
Operator
And that concludes our Q&A session. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Craig Wheeler, CEO, for any further remarks.
Craig Wheeler
Sure. Thank you very much. I just want to thank everybody for taking the time to join us for our first quarter fall and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Biotechnology, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MNTA TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech Stocks3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•5 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Today, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•27 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Yesterday, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•9 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Yesterday, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Yesterday, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•2 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Yesterday, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•13 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdamsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•8 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Yesterday, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•7 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Yesterday, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•6 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•51 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•98 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•49 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•13 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer OsborneIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•24 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•44 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•5 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•4 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•16 CommentsBecton, Dickinson In The Garden PortfolioBDX• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:03 AM • DJ Habig•9 CommentsSpark Therapeutics: Let The PDUFA Run-Up CommenceONCE• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:06 AM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsNovartis Will Hit $100 This YearNVS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:40 PM • Individual Trader•9 CommentsAimmune Banks On Food Allergies, Study Expected To Show Positive ResultsAIMT• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:06 PM • Emerging EquitiesJohnson & Johnson's Weakness Worries MeJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:05 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsUpcoming Soliris Catalyst Offers Hope For Battered Alexion StockALXN• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:59 PM • Emerging Equities•4 CommentsGilead Sciences' Shares Just Answered The QuestionGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:34 PM • James Brumley•60 CommentsAt a 52 Week High, Can United Health Group Go Higher?UNH• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:21 PM • Jeremy LaKosh•9 CommentsInnovation Pharmaceuticals Stock May Be A Triple-Crown Winner With Brilacidin By Year EndIPIX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:14 PM • KarinCA•61 CommentsJohnson & Johnson: This Market Will Buy AnythingJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:01 PM • Stone Fox Capital•33 CommentsAddus HomeCare: Weathering The Health Care MaelstromADUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:49 PM • Underanalyzed EquitiesAn Irrational Reaction To TherapeuticsMD's News ReleaseTXMD• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 PM • Zheng Feng Chee•29 CommentsVertex Eyes The Treble In Cystic FibrosisVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:27 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsFDA's Flashing Green Light Boosts Novel Drug ApprovalsGILD, PBYI, AZN• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:09 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsCempra: Are We There Yet?Editors' Pick • CEMP• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:57 PM • StrategyDoc•80 CommentsImmunogen Finally Moving 'FORWARD'?IMGN• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:51 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentVertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Phase 1 And 2 Data For Triple Combination Regimens Demonstrate Improvements In Lung Function And Other Measures In CF PaVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA TranscriptsJ&J: Some Good News, But Here's Why It's Dropped A Level Or TwoJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:56 PM • DoctoRx•51 CommentsCymaBay Phase 2 Liver Data Is A Great Buy OpportunityCBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:53 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 13: Updates And A Regulatory Runup PlayALBO, ZGNX, STDY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:01 AM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsPuma Wins FDA Approval: New Hope For HER2-Positive Breast Cancer PatientsPBYI• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:35 AM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentBeiGene: This China-Based Biotech Continues To SurpriseBGNE• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:53 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsInsmed (INSM) Investor Presentation - SlideshowINSM• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:24 AM • SA TranscriptsRisk-Adjusted Net Present Value For Arbutus BiopharmaABUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:45 AM • Oscar CarrascosaGilead At 30: Re-Entry TimeGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:34 AM • Out of Ignorance•60 CommentsValeant Pharmaceuticals: Becoming A Better Buy?VRX• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•74 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Looks To Push The EnvelopeVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:14 AM • Long Term Bio•5 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsChaos At AstraZenecaAZN• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:23 PM • Derek Lowe•12 CommentsMallinckrodt: A Crowded Short Where The Bear Thesis Is Falling ApartMNK• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:18 PM • One Other Fool•28 CommentsTake Profits On GileadGILD• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:52 PM • Giovanni DiMauro•88 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•126 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Updates On Topline Results of Oral Human Abuse Potential (NKTR-181) - SlideshowNKTR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:38 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentQuidel (QDEL) Updates On Acquisition Of Alere's Triage (ALR) Assets - SlideshowQDEL, ALR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:26 PM • SA TranscriptsCymabay Therapeutics (CBAY) Seladelpar Phase 2 Low Dose Study In PBC - SlideshowCBAY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:13 PM • SA TranscriptsInvestors Waiting In BioLineRxBLRX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:58 PM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsNovartis AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNVS• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:57 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is DeliveringJNJ• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsEiger Biopharmaceuticals: Can This $10 Biotech Stock Continue To Rally?EIGR• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:30 PM • Bret Jensen•3 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Update On Approximately $5 CytosorbentsCRSP, CTSO, EDIT• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:58 AM • Bret Jensen•5 CommentsAmgen Receives CRL For Osteoporosis Drug: What's The Next Step?AMGN• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:55 AM • Long Term Bio•9 Comments123456...467Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Vodafone Group's (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao on Q1 2018 Trading Update Conference Call (Transcript)


VOD•
      Sat, Jul. 22,  5:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•15 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 







Wheeler, J. Craig [WorldCat Identities]






Wheeler, J. Craig 

Overview


Works:
55
                                 works in
                                 134
                                 publications in
                                 4
                                 languages and
                                 3,227
                                 library holdings
                                 
                              


Genres:
Conference papers and proceedings 
                                 Maps 
                                 Science fiction films 
                                 Fiction 
                                 
                              


Roles:
Author, Editor, Other


Classifications:
QB843.S95,
                                 523.84465




Publication Timeline
.


Most widely held works about
                            J. Craig Wheeler
                        


Wheeler, John Craig : theoretical astrophysics(
                                 
                                 )

Wheeler, J. Craig, Papers by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 
                                 )

 


Most widely held works by
                            J. Craig Wheeler
                        

Cosmic catastrophes : supernovae, gamma-ray bursts, and adventures in hyperspace by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                              Book
                              )9
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           2000
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           870 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           In this tour de force of the ultimate and extreme in the universe, renowned astrophysicist and author J. Craig Wheeler takes
                              readers on a breathtaking journey to supernovae, black holes, gamma-ray bursts and adventures in hyperspace. This is no far-fetched
                              science fiction tale, but an enthusiastic exploration of ideas at the cutting edge of science. 33 halftones

Cosmic catastrophes : exploding stars, black holes, and mapping the universe by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                              Book
                              )16
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           2007
                           and
                           2014
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           762 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           From supernovae and gamma-ray bursts to the accelerating Universe, this is an exploration of the intellectual threads that
                              lead to some of the most exciting ideas in modern astrophysics and cosmology. This fully updated second edition incorporates
                              new material on binary stars, black holes, gamma-ray bursts, worm-holes, quantum gravity and string theory. It covers the
                              origins of stars and their evolution, the mechanisms responsible for supernovae, and their progeny, neutron stars and black
                              holes. It examines the theoretical ideas behind black holes and their manifestation in observational astronomy and presents
                              neutron stars in all their variety known today. This book also covers the physics of the twentieth century, discussing quantum
                              theory and Einstein's gravity, how these two theories collide, and the prospects for their reconciliation in the twenty-first
                              century. This will be essential reading for undergraduate students in astronomy and astrophysics, and an excellent, accessible
                              introduction for a wider audience

The Krone experiment by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                              Book
                              )13
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1986
                           and
                           2012
                           in
                           English and Japanese
                           and held by
                           201 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           This techno-thriller novel is set at the time of the break-up of the Soviet Union, yet reflects today's headlines. Damage
                              to a Russian aircraft carrier leads to a breakdown in the detente with the United States. Star wars erupt as the two countries
                              invoke space-based weapons in a deadly face off in orbit. Robert Issacs, Deputy Director of Scientific Intelligence for the
                              CIA, and his top aide, Dr. Patricia Danielson, connect the carrier damage with a mysterious seismic signal. Thwarted by internal
                              CIA politics, they put their careers at risk to engage in an unauthorized consultation with Jason, the secret group of physicists
                              who consult for the government. Astrophysicist Alex Runyan advances a fantastic theory that triggers a race for the truth
                              before the conflict with Russia can spin out of control. The quest leads to the New Mexico laboratory of Paul Krone. The true
                              danger dwarfs that posed by the international crisis. Bonus links to historical background material at the end of the book

Cosmic explosions in three dimensions : asymmetries in supernovae and gamma-ray bursts(
                              Book
                              )8
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           2004
                           and
                           2011
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           153 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           "This volume marks the transition to a new paradigm in the study of stellar explosions. It highlights the burgeoning era of
                              routine supernova polarimetry and the new insights into core collapse and thermonuclear explosions. With chapters by leading
                              scientists, the book summarizes the status of a rapidly developing new perspective on stellar explosions. It is a valuable
                              resource for graduate students and research scientists."--Jacket

Supernovae by Jerusalem Winter School for Theoretical Physics(
                              Book
                              )11
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1988
                           and
                           1990
                           in
                           3
                           languages
                           
                           and held by
                           149 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Relativistic astrophysics : 20th Texas symposium, Austin, Texas, 10-15 December 2000 by Texas Symposium on Relativistic Astrophysics(
                              Book
                              )11
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           2001
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           147 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Accretion disks in compact stellar systems(
                              Book
                              )9
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1993
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           136 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Deflagration to detonation transition in thermonuclear supernovae by 
 A. M Khokhlov(
                              Book
                              )2
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1996
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           79 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           We derive the criteria for deflagration to detonation transition (DDT) in a Type Ia supernova. The theory is based on the
                              two major assumptions: (i) detonation is triggered via the Zeldovich gradient mechanism inside a region of mixed fuel and
                              products, (ji) the mixed region is produced by a turbulent mixing of fuel and products either inside an active deflagration
                              front or during the global expansion and subsequent contraction of an exploding white dwarf. We determine the critical size
                              of the mixed region required to initiate a detonation in a degenerate carbon oxygen mixture. This critical length is much
                              larger than the width of the reaction front of a Chapman-Jouguet detonation. However, at densities greater than = 5 x 10(exp6)
                              g/cc, it is much smaller than the size of a white dwarf. We derive the critical turbulent intensity required to create the
                              mixed region inside an active deflagration front in which a detonation can form. We conclude that the density rho sub sigma
                              at which a detonation can form in a carbon-oxygen white dwarf is low, approximately less than 2 to 5 x 109exp6) g/cc, but
                              greater than 5 x 10(exp6) g/cc

A theory of DDT in unconfined flames by  Alexei M Khokhlov(
                              Book
                              )2
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1996
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           78 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           This paper outlines a theoretical approach for predicting the onset of detonation in unconfined turbulent flames. Two basic
                              assumptions are made (1) the gradient mechanism is the inherent mechanism that leads to DDT in unconfined conditions, and
                              (2) the sole mechanism for preparing the gradient in induction time is by turbulent mixing and local flame quenching. The
                              criterion for DDT is derived in terms of the one-dimensional detonation wave thickness, the laminar flame speed, and the laminar
                              flame thickness in the reactive gas. This approach gives a lower-bound criterion for DDT for conditions where shock preheating,
                              wall effects, and interactions with obstacles are absent. Regions in parameter space where unconfined DDT can and cannot occur
                              are determined

Disk instabilities in close binary systems : 25 years of the disk-instability model : proceedings of the Disk-Instability
                                 Workshop on "Disk Instabilities in Close Binary Systems" held on October 27-30, 1998, at Hotel Brighton City Yamashina, Kyoto,
                                 Japan by Disk-Instability Workshop on "Disk Instabilities in Close Binary Systems"(
                              Book
                              )4
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1999
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           32 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           


Kosmiczne katastrofy by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 Book
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              2002
                              in 
                              Polish
                              and held by
                              3 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Supernovae : 6th Jerusalem Winter School for Theoretical Physics, 28 December 1988-5 January 1989(
                                 Book
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              1990
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              2 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Thermonuclear detonations in collapsing white dwarf stars by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              between
                              1969
                              and
                              1982
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              2 WorldCat member
                              
                              libraries
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Joy in parting! : a sermon preached in St. Mary's Church, Hollingworth, by the Rev. J.C. Wheeler ... on the occasion of the
                                    death of Miss Mary A. Langwith by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 Book
                                 )2
                              editions published
                              
                              in
                              1875
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Difference between the potentiometric surfaces of the Magothy aquifer in Fall of 1975 and Fall of 1986 in southern Maryland by 
 Frederick K Mack(
                                 
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              1987
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              

The Krone experiment(
                                 Visual
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              2005
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Tax treaty with India : a new step for Nepal by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 
                                 )
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Latest round in the proposals to curb international tax avoidance by 
 J. Craig Wheeler(
                                 
                                 )
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              Particularly since the abolition of exchange control in 1979, the United Kingdom Board of Inland Revenue has been concerned
                                 about international tax avoidance and the related problem of company residence. In 1981, the Board issued consultative documents
                                 on tax havens and the corporate sector and on company residence, and, since then, it has considered various proposals and
                                 the responses submitted by interested parties. This article examines these proposals and responses and focuses on the most
                                 recent draft clauses relating to controlled foreign companies released by the Board in October 1983

Thermonuclear explosions in stars by  T.J Mazurek(
                                 Book
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              1980
                              in 
                              Undetermined
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              

Co formation in supernovae by  D Smith(
                                 
                                 )1
                              edition published
                              
                              in
                              2001
                              in 
                              English
                              and held by
                              1 WorldCat member
                              
                              library
                              
                              worldwide
                              


 
more
fewer



Audience Level


0





1


 
Kids
General
Special
 


                           Audience level: 
                           0.41
                           (from
                           0.06
                              for
                              The Krone 
                           ... to
                           0.99
                              for
                              Co formati
                                 ...)
                                 

Related Identities
                        

Höflich, Peter 1958-  Editor 
Kumar, Pawan  Editor 
Martel, Hugo 1960-  Editor 
Oran, Elaine S.  
Naval Research Laboratory (U.S.)  
United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration  
Piran, Tsvi 1949-  Other 
Weinberg, Steven 1933-  Other 
Khokhlov, A. M.  Author 
Khokhlov, Alexei M.  Author 





Useful Links


                                 Library of Congress Authority File (English)
                                 

                                 Virtual International Authority File.
                                 



Associated Subjects
Accretion (Astrophysics) American Astronomical Society Aquifers Astronomy Black holes (Astronomy) Canada Cold War (1945-1989) Degeneration Disks (Astrophysics) Double stars English fiction Gamma ray bursts Groundwater Hyperspace Military art and science--Technological innovations Relativistic astrophysics Russia Science fiction Scientists Shock waves Space weapons Stars Stars--Clusters Supernovae Turbulence United States United States--Chesapeake Bay Region Wheeler, J. Craig White dwarf stars





Alternative Names

Wheeler, Craig (John Craig), 1943-
Wheeler, J. C.
Wheeler, J. C. 1943-
Wheeler, J. Craig
Wheeler, J. Craig (John Craig), 1943-
ウィーラー, J. クレイグ

Languages
English
                           (94)Polish
                           (2)Japanese
                           (2)Spanish
                           (1)
Covers








Google+


                     © 2010 OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Inc.  
                     
                  WorldCat Identities is covered by the
                  
                     OCLC ResearchWorks Terms and Conditions
                     
                  OCLC 6565 Kilgour Place, Dublin OH USA 43017
                  
               

                  Project Page
                  |
                     Feedback
                     |
                  Known Problems
                  
               












Craig A. Wheeler - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Craig A. Wheeler
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Craig A. Wheeler? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Craig A. Wheeler's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Craig A. Wheeler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Craig A. Wheeler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Craig A. Wheeler through your network of contacts.
												








Craig A. Wheeler's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Past
To view Craig A. Wheeler's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Cornell University


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Pennsylvania


Age
56

 
 


Craig A. Wheeler's Biography



Craig Wheeler has served as a member of our Board since June 2016. Since September 2006, Mr. Wheeler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Momenta Pharmaceuticals. At Momenta, Mr. Wheeler led the company through the launch of its first complex drug products. He has overseen the company's growth into the diversified business it is today. In 2011, he was an E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year Regional Award winner. In May 2012, the Boston Globe named Momenta the number one company in their annual Globe 100 survey of top performing companies. Prior to joining Momenta, Mr. Wheeler was President of Chiron BioPharmaceuticals where during  ...
(Read More)

			Craig Wheeler has served as a member of our Board since June 2016. Since September 2006, Mr. Wheeler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Momenta Pharmaceuticals. At Momenta, Mr. Wheeler led the company through the launch of its first complex drug products. He has overseen the company's growth into the diversified business it is today. In 2011, he was an E&Y Entrepreneur of the Year Regional Award winner. In May 2012, the Boston Globe named Momenta the number one company in their annual Globe 100 survey of top performing companies. Prior to joining Momenta, Mr. Wheeler was President of Chiron BioPharmaceuticals where during his five-year tenure he led US and European commercial organizations and the pharmaceutical division's global sales more than doubled. Before that, he was a senior member of The Boston Consulting Group's health care practice and worked extensively in the health care sector with focus on pharma and biotech, particularly in regard to corporate and R&D strategy He began his career at Merck's MSDRL research unit. He also previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals where he helped oversee the transition of the company from a research-based platform to a fully integrated CNS pharmaceutical company until 2015 when it was acquired by Otsuka Pharmaceuticals for $3.5 billion. Mr. Wheeler received his BS and MS in chemical engineering from Cornell University and his MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.   Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Wheeler has extensive pharmaceutical industry knowledge and leadership experience, including his demonstrated expertise in drug development, manufacturing and the technical issues facing growing biopharmaceutical companies. Mr. Wheeler's deep understanding of the management and growth of pharmaceutical companies contribute to our conclusion that he should continue to serve as a director of the Company and a member of the Science and Technology and Compensation Committees.
		
Source: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. on 04/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Craig A. Wheeler's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Craig A. Wheeler. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Craig A. Wheeler's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Craig A. Wheeler's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Craig A. Wheeler through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Craig A. Wheeler


















Craig A. Wheeler's Connections (92)





Sign up now to view Craig A. Wheeler's 92 connections »









Scott M. Whitcup
Former Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, Allergan









Lewis T. Williams
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.









Robert S. Langer
Board Member, DNIB Unwind









Peter B. Hutt
Former Board Member, XOMA Corporation









Denise M. O'Leary
Board Member, Medtronic plc









Jack W. Schuler
Lead Independent Director, Stericycle, Inc.









Paul G. Thomas
Chairman of the Board, Roka Bioscience, Inc.









Eric K. Brandt
Chairman of the Board, Yahoo! Inc.









Jack Goldstein
Board Member, Accuray Incorporated









John K. Clarke
Former Board Member, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Wheeler Craig Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Wheeler Craig Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Wheeler's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Wheeler Craig's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Wheeler Craig's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Wheeler Craig 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Wheeler’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailWheeler’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Wheeler’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Wheeler is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Wheeler’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Wheeler is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Wheeler's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Wheeler's background in the comforts of home.
Wheeler will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Wheeler's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Wheeler Craig, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Wheeler's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







