

Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.A.R.L.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog














Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.A.R.L.




Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.A.R.L.





      Loading...
    





Address

560A Rue De Neudorf, Luxembourg, N4 2220
Phone
352.45.14.51



Sample Contracts













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.









Commercial Credit Report for Whirlpool Corporation - Report Preview
















































CreditRiskMonitor helps corporate credit, procurement and finance professionals stay ahead of financial risk with comprehensive commercial credit reports, risk analysis and monitoring for more than 57,000 active, publicly-traded companies worldwide. 
                                    Reports typically include detailed financial statements, ratios, peer analyses, bond agency ratings from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, when available, and our proprietary FRISK® score, proven 96% accurate in predicting financial failure of public companies. Below is a partial preview of the CreditRiskMonitor report for Whirlpool Corporation.
                                To get the full report on this and other companies at no charge, request a personal demo and free trial.
                                
                                To purchase this report now, or if you are a subscriber, click here.







Whirlpool Corporation



2000 N M 63


Phone: (269) 923-5000p:269 923-5000
BENTON HARBOR, MI  49022-2692  United States
Ticker:
              WHRWHR






Business Summary




Whirlpool Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of home appliances. The Company's segments include North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA); Latin America, and Asia. In North America, the Company markets and distributes home appliances and small domestic appliances under a range of brand names. In EMEA, it markets and distributes its home appliances primarily under the Whirlpool, Bauknecht, Ignis, Maytag, Laden, Indesit and Privileg brand names, and domestic appliances under the KitchenAid, Hotpoint and Hotpoint-Ariston brand names. In Latin America, it markets and distributes its home appliances and small domestic appliances primarily under the Consul, Brastemp, Whirlpool and KitchenAid brand names. The Company markets and distributes its products in Asia primarily under the Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Diqua and Royalstar brand names. It manufactures and markets a line of home appliances and related products.(Source: 10-K)


Scores and Ratings




FRISK®Score
Z''Score
IRA CQScore
DBTIndex
S&PRating
Moody'sRating
FitchRating

YesYes-YesYesYesYes


Financials, News and Filings




LatestStatement
LastAudit
News
SECFilings
BankruptcyFilings
Suit &JudgmentFilings
TaxLienFilings

6/30/201712/31/2016YesYes-YesYes


Industries



SIC Code
Description


3633
Household laundry equipment


3632
Household refrigerators and home and farm freezers


3634
Electric housewares and fans


3639
Household appliances, not elsewhere classified


3585
Air-conditioning and warm air heating equipment





Officers and Directors



Title
Name
Age
TitleDate
StartDate


Chairman of the Board
Jeff M.Fettig
60
9/30/2017
1/1/1994


President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Marc R.Bitzer
52
10/1/2017
1/1/2006


Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
James W.Peters
47
8/1/2016
8/1/2016


9 additional Officers and Directors records available in full report.





Subsidiaries



Business Name
Address
City
State/Province
Country


Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a r.l.



Luxembourg


Whirlpool Europe B.V.
Heerbaan 50 52
Breda

Netherlands


WHIRLPOOL FINANCE B.V.
Heerbaan 50-52
Breda

Netherlands


14 additional Subsidiary records available in full report.





Business Names



Business Name


1900 Holdings Corporation


Aeradriatica S.p.A.


Airdun Limited


198 additional Business Names available in full report.





General Information



Number of Employees:
93,000
 (As of 12/31/2016) 


Outstanding Shares:
73,000,000
 (As of 6/30/2017) 


Shareholders:
10,474



Stock Exchange:
NYSE


Federal Tax Id:
381490038


Fax Number:
(302) 636-5454
















Copyright © 2017 CreditRiskMonitor.com (Ticker: CRMZ).  
All rights reserved.     

By using this website, you accept the Terms of Use Agreement. 
Fundamental financial data concerning public companies may be provided by Thomson Reuters (click for restrictions)

Friday, July 28, 2017




SITE MAP | ABOUT US | DIRECTORY | STOCK QUOTE: CRMZ | SIGN IN







 







 



Fitch Affirms Whirlpool's IDR at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Whirlpool's IDR at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable
    





October 27, 2016 03:51 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed the ratings of Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: 
      WHR), including the company's Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 
      'BBB'. The Rating Outlook is Stable.
    

      Fitch has also assigned a 'BBB' rating to WHR's potential offering of 
      Euro-denominated 10-year senior unsecured notes. The notes being 
      contemplated will be issued by Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l. (a 
      finance subsidiary that holds no material assets and does not engage in 
      any business activities or operations other than intercompany group 
      financing) and will be guaranteed by Whirlpool Corporation. The new 
      offering will be equal in right of payment with all other senior 
      unsecured debt. WHR intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the 
      notes for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a 
      portion of WHR's commercial paper borrowings.
    

      A complete list of rating actions follows at the end of this press 
      release.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      WHR's ratings reflect its position as the world's largest appliance 
      manufacturer, with leading market positions in many regions. WHR's 
      global operating platform, increased manufacturing efficiency, and 
      well-recognized skills in innovation have enabled it to improve its cost 
      structure, compete more effectively around the world, and adjust to 
      volatile raw material costs. Risks include the company's recent 
      aggressive growth strategy, intense global competition, volatility of 
      raw material costs, sensitivity to business cycles, and ongoing 
      regulatory issues.
    

      The Stable Outlook takes into account the company's solid liquidity 
      position, disciplined capital allocation strategy, and Fitch's 
      expectation that credit metrics will remain relatively stable in the 
      near to intermediate term.
    

      LEADING MARKET POSITION
    

      WHR is the world's largest appliance manufacturer with leading market 
      positions in key countries including the U.S., Brazil, the UK, Canada, 
      Russia, Italy, and France. The company also has meaningful market share 
      in other countries such as Mexico, China, India, Germany and Spain.
    

      DISCIPLINED CAPITAL ALLOCATION STRATEGY
    

      The company has a disciplined capital allocation strategy and will 
      deploy capital to: fund the business (roughly 3.5% of revenues); manage 
      debt and its pension obligations with a targeted capital structure of 
      about 1.5x debt to EBITDA; return cash to shareholders and pursue M&A 
      opportunities.
    

      The company's leverage has been above its target ratio due to the 
      acquisitions completed during the latter part of 2014. Management 
      expects to eventually reach its leverage target of approximately 1.5x 
      with EBITDA growth and some debt reduction.
    

      The company kept its dividend throughout the recent recession, paying 
      out $128 million in 2008, $128 million in 2009 and $132 million in 2010. 
      The board increased the company's quarterly dividend payments by 16% in 
      April 2011, 25% in April 2013, 20% in April 2014, 20% in April 2015 and 
      an additional 11% in April 2016. Management expects to pay out 25% to 
      30% of trailing-12- months earnings in dividends. The 2016 payout 
      represents about 31.5% of WHR's ongoing business EPS (excluding 
      restructuring and other non-recurring items) during 2015.
    

      During 2013, the company repurchased $350 million of stock, completing a 
      $500 million share repurchase program authorized in 2008. (WHR did not 
      repurchase stock during the 2009 - 2012 periods.) In April 2014, the 
      board approved a new $500 million share repurchase authorization. WHR 
      repurchased $25 million of stock during 2014, $250 million during 2015 
      and $225 million during 1Q16. In April 2016, the board authorized a new 
      share repurchase plan of up to $1 billion. WHR repurchased $100 million 
      of stock under this plan during 2Q16 and an additional $100 million 
      during 3Q16. Fitch expects WHR will continue with moderate share 
      repurchases, funded mainly with FCF. Fitch also expects management will 
      remain disciplined in prioritizing the uses of its cash and cash flow.
    

      GROWTH STRATEGY
    

      In 2014, WHR spent almost $2 billion for the acquisitions of Indesit 
      Company SpA (a leading European manufacturer and distributor of major 
      appliances) and a 51% stake in Hefei Rongshida Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd. 
      (a leading manufacturer of home appliances based in Hefei, China).
    

      The acquisition of Indesit has good strategic rationale for WHR as it 
      provides the company with a broader platform to expand its European 
      operations. Prior to the acquisition, about 16% of WHR's revenues were 
      generated from this region. Through the first nine months of 2016, sales 
      from Europe, Middle East and Africa represented about 25.1% of WHR's 
      worldwide sales. WHR also continues to realize synergies from the 
      acquisition. EBIT margins in this region increased 120 bps to 3.7% 
      during the Sept. 30, 2016 year-to-date period compared with the same 
      period last year. Management's goal is to achieve 7%-8% ongoing EBIT 
      margin by 2018.
    

      Similarly, the acquisition of a majority stake in Hefei gave WHR access 
      to a large established distribution network, manufacturing scale, access 
      to the China supply base as well as an experienced management team. 
      Hefei has an established and broad distribution network that includes 
      more than 30,000 outlets throughout China. Hefei's significant presence 
      in rural areas complements WHR's presence in China's higher-tier cities.
    

      The company also seeks to use its larger platform to further grow the 
      business, including achieving revenue synergies from the recent 
      acquisitions, growing its core business, improving its emerging market 
      presence, and expanding its adjacent businesses.
    

      STABLE CREDIT METRICS
    

      WHR's credit metrics are appropriate for the rating. Debt to EBITDA for 
      the latest-12-month (LTM) period ending June 30, 2016 was 2.3x, up from 
      1.9x at the end of 2015 and flat from the year-ago period. Interest 
      coverage remains strong at 12.5x for the June 30, 2016 LTM period 
      compared with 12.1x during calendar 2015. Fitch expects debt to EBITDA 
      will be at around 2.1x at the end of 2016 while interest coverage 
      remains above 12.5x.
    

      STRONG FREE CASH FLOW GENERATION
    

      The company generated $250 million of free cash flow (1.2% of revenues) 
      for the LTM period ending Sept. 30, 2016 compared with $267 million 
      (1.3%) during 2015, $535 million (2.7%) during 2014, $497 million (2.6%) 
      during 2013 and $65 million (0.7%) during 2012. Fitch expects WHR will 
      generate between $350 million and $400 million of FCF during 2016 
      (including about $300 million of cash outlays for acquisition-related 
      restructuring initiatives and warranty and liability costs) and about 2% 
      to 3% of revenues during 2017.
    

      SOLID LIQUIDITY POSITION
    

      WHR has solid liquidity with cash of $1.025 billion as of Sept. 30, 
      2016, and about $1.6 billion of availability under its commercial paper 
      programs that is backstopped by the company's $2.5 billion long-term 
      revolving credit facility maturing in 2021 and Euro 250 European 
      facility maturing in 2019. A majority of the company's cash is held in 
      foreign countries (approximately 94% of cash as of Dec. 31, 2015 was 
      held overseas). WHR's intent is to permanently reinvest these funds 
      outside the U.S. and the company's current plans do not demonstrate the 
      need to repatriate these funds to support U.S. operations.
    

      DEBT MATURITIES
    

      The company has significant short-term debt ($1.4 billion of CP and bank 
      borrowings as of Sept. 30, 2016) and $1.2 billion of long-term debt 
      maturing between 2017 and 2019. The potential notes issuance, together 
      with FCF expected to be generated during 4Q'16, will be used to pay down 
      CP borrowings. WHR has demonstrated its ability to access the capital 
      markets and refinance its debt maturities and Fitch expects the company 
      will refinance some of these debt maturities as they become due.
    

      REGULATORY ISSUES AND OTHER CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
    

      There are ongoing regulatory issues in Brazil that could potentially 
      negatively affect the company's financial profile. Individually, these 
      issues are manageable but collectively, they have the potential to 
      result in substantial cash outflows. In particular, the Brazilian tax 
      disputes could increase meaningfully because of interest, penalties 
      and/or changes in exchange rates.
    

      --WHR's Brazilian operations have received governmental assessments from 
      Brazil related to claims for income and social contribution taxes 
      associated with the Brazilian government's export incentive program 
      (BEFIEX) credits monetized by WHR from 2000 to 2002 and 2007 through 
      2011. The total outstanding tax assessment for income and social 
      contribution taxes related to the BEFIEX credits, including interest and 
      penalties, is approximately 1.6 billion Brazilian reais (equivalent to 
      roughly $508 million as of Sept. 30, 2016).
    

      --The Brazilian tax authority has challenged WHR's recording of certain 
      IPI tax credits (credits for purchase of raw materials in Brazil for 
      production) in 2003 and 2004. WHR elected to settle certain of these tax 
      credits but the Brazilian revenue authority notified the company that 
      certain of these settlements were rejected and WHR received tax 
      assessments of 229 million Brazilian reais (about $71 million).
    

      --In 2001, Brazil adopted a law making the profits of controlled foreign 
      corporations of Brazilian entities subject to income and social 
      contribution tax regardless whether the profits were repatriated. WHR's 
      Brazilian subsidiary, along with other corporations, challenged the 
      constitutionality of the law but the Brazilian Supreme Court ruled on 
      one of the cases in April 2013, finding that the law is constitutional. 
      The case has been remanded to a lower court for consideration of other 
      arguments raised in WHR's appeal. As of Sept 30, 2016, the potential 
      exposure for income and social contribution taxes is about 159 Brazilian 
      reais or $49 million.
    

      The company is disputing these issues and has not accrued any amounts 
      related to these assessments.
    

      KEY ASSUMPTIONS
    

      Fitch's key assumptions within our rating case for the issuer include:
    

      --Total U.S. industry housing starts improve 8.8%, while new and 
      existing home sales grow 14.6% and 3%, respectively, in 2016. Fitch 
      expects the housing upcycle to continue in 2017, with total housing 
      starts forecast to improve 8.3% and new and existing home sales increase 
      11.5% and 4%, respectively;
    

      --U.S. home improvement spending advances 4.5% during 2016 and 4% during 
      2017;
    

      --Revenues fall low-single digits this during 2016 and increase 
      low-single digits in 2017;
    

      --EBITDA margins of 10.5%-11% during 2016 and 2017;
    

      --Debt/EBITDA settles around 2.1x at the conclusion of 2016 and below 
      2.0x at year-end 2017;
    

      --Interest coverage sustains above 12.5x during the next few years;
    

      --WHR reports FCF of $350 million - $400 million during 2016 (including 
      about $300 million of cash outlays for acquisition-related restructuring 
      initiatives and warranty and liability costs) and generates FCF margin 
      of 2%-3% in 2017.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Positive: Future developments that may, individually or collectively, 
      lead to positive rating action include:
    

      --Debt reduction and/or EBITDA/funds from operations (FFO) growth, 
      resulting in sustained improvement in credit metrics, including debt to 
      EBITDA consistently situating within a range of 1.0x-1.5x and interest 
      coverage sustaining above 10.0x and the company continues to maintain a 
      healthy liquidity position.
    

      Negative: Future developments that may, individually or collectively, 
      lead to negative rating action include:
    

      --A sustained erosion of profits and cash flows either due to weak 
      global demand, meaningful and continued loss of market share or as the 
      result of long-term inflation in raw material costs, leading to EBITDA 
      margins sustained below 8.5%, debt to EBITDA consistently above 2.5x and 
      interest coverage below 5.5x;
    

      --Whirlpool completes another sizeable acquisition before it fully 
      integrates the Indesit and Hefei acquisitions and meaningfully increases 
      its leverage from current levels;
    

      --Whirlpool undertakes consequential shareholder friendly activities 
      funded by debt, and/or there is a material judgment against the company 
      related to existing regulatory proceedings, leading to leverage levels 
      consistently above 2.5x and interest coverage falling below 5.5x.
    

      FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:
    

      Whirlpool Corporation
    

      --Long-Term IDR at 'BBB';
    

      --Short-Term IDR at 'F2';
    

      --Commercial Paper Rating at 'F2';
    

      --Senior unsecured notes at 'BBB';
    

      --Multi-year bank revolving credit facility at 'BBB'.
    

      Whirlpool Finance B.V.
    

      --Short-Term IDR at 'F2';
    

      --Commercial Paper Rating at 'F2'.
    

      Whirlpool Europe B.V.
    

      --Commercial Paper Rating at 'F2'.
    

      Fitch has also assigned a 'BBB' rating to WHR's potential offering of 
      Euro-denominated 10-year senior unsecured notes.
    

      The Rating Outlook is Stable.
    

      Summary of Financial Statement Adjustments - Financial statement 
      adjustments that depart materially from those contained in the published 
      financial statements of the relevant rated entity or obligor are 
      disclosed below:
    

      --Historical and projected EBITDA is adjusted to add back non-cash 
      stock-based compensation and also restructuring and acquisition charges.
    

      Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Criteria for Rating Non-Financial Corporates (pub. 27 Sep 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885629


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1013875


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1013875


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/regulatory


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystRobert Rulla, CPA, 
      +1-312-606-2311DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 W. 
      Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystRonald 
      Nirenberg, +1-212-612-7747DirectororCommittee 
      ChairpersonJack Kranefuss, +1-212-908-0791Senior DirectororMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, New York, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystRobert Rulla, CPA, 
      +1-312-606-2311DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 W. 
      Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orSecondary AnalystRonald 
      Nirenberg, +1-212-612-7747DirectororCommittee 
      ChairpersonJack Kranefuss, +1-212-908-0791Senior DirectororMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, New York, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














		Whirlpool Corporation 8k: results as of 31/5/2017 - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section

  
			
			











Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg SARL  -  IRSH   
Whirlpool Corporation 8k: results as of 31/5/2017
Released 10:44 01-Jun-2017

















RNS Number : 8561G Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg SARL 01 June 2017  

 
 
Publication of PDF Documentation
 
Name: 
 
Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.A R.L.
 
 
Date: 1st June 2017 
 
Re: 
 
Whirlpool Corporation 8k: results as of 31/5/2017

 

                                              
Please click on the following link to view the document: 
 

http://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/8561G_-2017-6-1.pdf
 




Enquiries to:                                                                                                   




Please see pdf announcement for contact details




 
 
 This announcement has been issued through the Companies Announcement Service of
the Irish Stock Exchange.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  ISEGCGDLXSGBGRB

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Whirlpool Corporation 8k: results as of 31/5/2017 - RNS











 

		WHIRLPOOL - BNP Paribas Primary New Issues : NO STAB Notice - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section












BNP Paribas Primary New Issues  -     
WHIRLPOOL - BNP Paribas Primary New Issues : NO STAB Notice
Released 10:06 01-Nov-2016













WHIRLPOOL - BNP Paribas Primary New Issues : NO STAB Notice
01/11/16  Not for distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful. WHIRLPOOL FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.À R.L.  Post-stabilisation Period Announcement   Further to the pre-stabilisation period announcement dated 28/10/16 , BNP Paribas contact: [Thibault hescot]; telephone: 020 7595 8222 hereby gives notice that no stabilisation (within the meaning of Article 3.2(d) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU/596/2014) or the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority) was undertaken by the Stabilisation Manager(s) named below in relation to the offer of the following securities.   Issuer:  WHIRLPOOL FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.À R.L.  Guarantor (if any):  WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION  Aggregate nominal amount:  €500mn  Description:  Senior, unsecured, SEC Registered€500mn02-Nov-2026 (10 year)  Stabilisation Manager(s):  BNP Paribas / ING / MIZUHO  Offer price:  98.711  This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to underwrite, subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to above have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. There has not been and will not be a public offer of the securities in the United States.   This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: BNP Paribas Primary New Issues via Globenewswire



Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
WHIRLPOOL - BNP Paribas Primary New Issues : NO STAB Notice - RNS











 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l



Moody's Org ID:825304812
Market Segment:Corporates
Industry:CONSUMER PRODUCTS: DURABLES
Peer Group:Consumer Durables
Domicile:LUXEMBOURG




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Peer Group



                                    Market Signals

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Result 
        1 - 1
Of 
        1


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Rating Action


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    28 Oct 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Whirlpool's notes Baa1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Result 
        1 - 1
Of 
        1


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



































































































Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg, Information for Investors | Whirlpool Corporation




































 




 


















Twitter




RSS


Media Hub
Investors
Trade
Licensing
Careers

Careers at Whirlpool Corp
BUILD Externship


Product Recall
Contact
  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 







Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg, Information for Investors
Mar 8, 2017 | Latest News in EMEA
 

Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Société à Responsabilité Limitée
Registered office: 560A, rue de Neudorf, L-2220 Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg: B 209.573
Share capital €12,500.00
On 24 October 2016, Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l. (the “Company”) approved the issuance of up to EUR 500,000,000 New York law-governed senior notes due 2026 (the “Notes”) to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange that have been registered in the United States under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The Board of the Irish Stock Exchange approved the admission of the Notes to listing on the Official List and trading on the Global Exchange Market of €500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 1.250% Senior Notes due 2026.
ISIN: XS1514149159
For announcements and information of interest to holders of Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l. 1.25% per cent. bonds due 2026, please click here:  http://investors.whirlpoolcorp.com/sec.cfm
 

 
 
 

 In Case You Missed It… 

Focused on all things Whirlpool


Milan, where the Home Appliances of the Future are designed


KitchenAid launches Black Stainless Steel & Limited Edition Stand Mixer


Whirlpool’s Problem Solvers


Driving Brand Engagement in Omnichannel World


Whirlpool and the municipality of Comerio team up to convert the former EMEA Headquarters and create value


Pisani Dossi Primary School in Lombardy and Villa Strada Primary School in Marche win prizes in Whirlpool’s “Moments not to be Wasted” contest


Whirlpool’s Italy Plan moves forward at Albacina


Big or small – Indesit says everyone can help with housework – and win prizes too!


Sustainability Report: zero waste by 2022


   
 
 
 

 


























Latest News in Europe, Middle East & Africa | Whirlpool Corporation


































 




 


















Twitter




RSS


Media Hub
Investors
Trade
Licensing
Careers

Careers at Whirlpool Corp
BUILD Externship


Product Recall
Contact
  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 









Latest News in Europe, Middle East & Africa






 




 
 
 
Milan, where the Home Appliances of the Future are designed
 21 Jul 2017 An interview with Alessandro Finetto, Senior Director Global Consumer Design Milan is where multinational Whirlpool has its European headquarters, where it experiments with prototypes and future appliances for connected homes. Five years ago it was all science...
read more
 

 
 
 
KitchenAid launches Black Stainless Steel & Limited Edition Stand Mixer
 20 Jul 2017 KitchenAid, renowned for its professional performance, artisan quality and iconic design, launched its brand new Black Stainless Steel Collection and the first annual limited edition Black Tie Artisan Stand Mixer at two themed events in the brand’s London Experience...
read more
 

 
 
 
Driving Brand Engagement in Omnichannel World
 18 Jul 2017 At the “Brand Engagement” meeting organized by Centromarca* in collaboration with Whirlpool EMEA’s HQ in Milan on 12 July 2017, we had the chance to host an audience of Communication, Marketing, Human Resources and Sales managers and to debate with them some key...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool and the municipality of Comerio team up to convert the former EMEA Headquarters and create value
 17 Jul 2017 Whirlpool Corporation and Comerio’s town council signed a letter of intent today to convert and boost the value of the 21,500 m2 site of the Company’s regional former headquarters. The document, which confirms fruitful relations between Whirlpool Corporation and the...
read more
 

 
 
 
Pisani Dossi Primary School in Lombardy and Villa Strada Primary School in Marche win prizes in Whirlpool’s “Moments not to be Wasted” contest
 11 Jul 2017 Class 2B at Pisani Dossi Primary School in Albairate (Milan) and class 5A at Villa Strada Primary School in Cingoli (Macerata) are the winning classes in the 1st Moments not to be Wasted, an educational contest that closed the project promoted by Whirlpool Corporation...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool’s Italy Plan moves forward at Albacina
 10 Jul 2017 Whirlpool has confirmed that exploratory talks are underway with Gruppo Marella, the authorities and trade unions to assess the merits of the industrial conversion project for the Albacina (Ancona) facility submitted by Francesco Marella. The project could create over...
read more
 

 
 
 
Big or small – Indesit says everyone can help with housework – and win prizes too!
 4 Jul 2017 Men, women, adults, kids - we can all do more to share out the household chores in our families. That’s the message of Indesit’s #DoItTogether campaign, and the company is launching a new competition that invites you to share how your family splits the housework. The...
read more
 

 
 
 
Sustainability Report: zero waste by 2022
 3 Jul 2017 At a global level, in the 2-year period 2014-2016, Whirlpool cut its consumption of energy by 21% and water by 33%, thus outperforming the initial objective of saving 15% by 2020. Last year, Whirlpool employees worldwide donated 340,000 hours of voluntary work to over...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool’s KIC brand Wins Kasi Star Brands Award
 26 Jun 2017 KIC, our local South African brand, has won the important Kasi Star Brands Award, proclaiming it to be South Africa’s favourite brand in the Fridge Freezer Category. Established in 1978, with the local based manufacturing facility in Isithebe, KwaZulu Natal, KIC...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool and the Italian Red Cross: Italy’s first mobile laundromat delivered to Amatrice
 9 Jun 2017 Traveling to areas affected by the earthquake, it will then be used to provide assistance to those without homes A new mobile laundromat, equipped with washing machines and dryers, is now available to people struck by seismic activity around Amatrice. The product of...
read more
 

 
 
 
Hotpoint and Jamie Oliver launch “My Food Memories” – Hub
 7 Jun 2017 Behind every recipe there’s a story. Hotpoint UK has launched a new website to bring to life all your food memories We have taken the next step in our partnership with Jamie Oliver and launched an inspiring new website in the UK. We know that behind each recipe...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool’s Poprad site passes the first World Class Manufacturing audit
 5 Jun 2017 The Whirlpool Corporation plant in Poprad successfully passed the first World Class Manufacturing (WCM) audit. The examination was carried out by an external Certified Auditor from the WCM Association on 04-05 May, 2017. The Audit took place in the Poprad factory, a...
read more
 

 
 
 
World Environment Day 2017: Whirlpool for safeguarding the Amazon rainforest
 5 Jun 2017 Through LifeGate’s “Stand Up Forests” project, the Company has committed to safeguarding 10,000 sqm of the Brazilian Amazon rainforest Safeguarding 10,000 sqm of Amazonian rainforest in the township of Silves, in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, for the next five...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool EMEA recognized with the AIDP Award 2017 for its Building People Excellence Program
 29 May 2017 Whirlpool was honored for Training and Change Management for the design, development, and implementation of the Building People Excellence Program, being recognized with the “AIDP Award 2017" at the 46th National Congress of the Italian Association for People...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool invests in the future leaders of South Africa by partnering with Cell C for the 2017 Take a Girl Child to Work Day initiative
 25 May 2017 South African women remain grossly under-represented in the formal economy and in corporate leadership positions. In order to change that, leading home appliance manufacturer Whirlpool believes that corporate companies need to start taking women empowerment seriously....
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Italia Holdings s.r.l. wins Felix Industry Award
 19 May 2017 Whirlpool Italia Holdings s.r.l. was rewarded as the best company for turnover, assets and number of employees in the province of Varese during the first edition of the "Felix Industry Award– the region Lombardia that competes", organized by the Felix Industry...
read more
 

 
 
 
Indesit brand is live with a new regional communication campaign
 17 May 2017 It’s called #DoItTogether, the ambitious campaign aimed at raising the debate around the distribution of household chores. Mid 2017, Indesit will be undertaking an innovative digitally & PR led marketing campaign in the UK, Russia, Italy & France:...
read more
 

 
 
 
#DoItTogether: Indesit brand launches the web series “The Big Family Switch Up”
 12 May 2017 The web series shows the home chores’ challenges of nowadays families Running in the UK, Russia, Italy & France from April 26 to July, our #DoItTogether campaign has been raising so far awareness about gender equality by getting 20M+ of online views and by...
read more
 

 
 
 
Speech of the Whirlpool EMEA President Esther Berrozpe Galindo at the Opening Ceremony of the new EMEA HQ in Milan
 12 May 2017 Good afternoon to you all. I’d like to extend warm thanks to Prime Minister the Honorable Paolo Gentiloni, the President of Region Lombardy Roberto Maroni, the Mayor of Pero Maria Rosa Belotti, and with them all the other honorable guests who kindly accepted our...
read more
 

 
 
 
Gentiloni cuts the ribbon at Whirlpool EMEA new Headquarters
 11 May 2017 Milan, 11 May 2017 – Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni inaugurated the new Headquarters of Whirlpool EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) in Pero (Milan) today. Whirlpool Corporation President and Chief Operating Officer Marc Bitzer, Whirlpool EMEA President and...
read more
 

 
 
 
New Whirlpool flagship showroom takes visitors on a high tech journey of discovery
 11 May 2017 Whirlpool has today opened a new flagship showroom in the new EMEA Headquarters that enables visitors to experience a journey into the latest innovations in design and technology. The World of Whirlpool is a unique showcase for more than 150 products from Whirlpool...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Emea’s photojournalism project – #PlacesThatMatter – showcases places and people
 3 May 2017 To present the company’s business by focusing on their places and people, aspects people often know little or nothing about. Such is the objective of Whirlpool Emea’s photojournalism project: #PlacesThatMatter. Focusing on 15 facilities in eight countries across the...
read more
 

 
 
 
KitchenAid launches Iconic Fridge with Iconic-Design
 21 Apr 2017 On Thursday 20th April, KitchenAid, the premium brand passionate about food, launched its brand new Iconic Fridge Freezer with an iconic-design themed event at its Experience Store on Wigmore Street, London, UK. The event celebrated iconic design, with British...
read more
 

 
 
 
Meet our Interns
 12 Apr 2017 Have you ever wondered how internship at Whirlpool looks like? To answer this question, we have asked some of our interns, working in different roles, to talk about their experiences at Whirlpool EMEA. Make sure to browse available career and internship opportunities...
read more
 

 
 
 
Pope Francis Laundry opens in Rome thanks to support from Whirlpool Corporation
 10 Apr 2017 The “Pope Francis’ Laundry” has officially opened today and offers a free service for the homeless and disadvantaged people: a new laundromat, with washing, drying and ironing services for those without a home or a fixed living situation. This laundry room is managed...
read more
 

 
 
 
The battle against food waste at the center of a Whirlpool Corporation educational initiative
 6 Apr 2017 180,000 people will “study” responsible consumption Milan, 6 April 2017 – Promoting widespread reflection on the social and environmental value of food is the aim of Moments not to be wasted, a Whirlpool Corporation educational project. The initiative addresses...
read more
 

 
 
 
Project F: Our designers featured on the world stage
 5 Apr 2017 Global Consumer Design fabric care innovation ‘BioLogic’ will be showcased in National Museum of China in Beijing from April 25 to July 25 at the fourth edition of "Series Off Series" exhibition In 2001, our Global Consumer Design team began the “New Domesticity”...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Corporation participates at Fuorisalone 2017 with fun activities for children and adults
 31 Mar 2017 If you happen to find yourself in Milan from April 4 to April 9, make sure to stop by our stand at Fuorisalone, 26 Bergognone Street. At Milan’s famous Design Week, we will be presenting Whirlpool, Hotpoint and Indesit through a range of stimulating experiences, all...
read more
 

 
 
 
#ItalyMatters: Whirlpool believes in Italy
 28 Mar 2017 Whirlpool’s new EMEA headquarters in Pero, in the former Expo office building Esther Berrozpe Galindo, President Whirlpool EMEA: “Italy at the center of our development strategy in the EMEA region” Investments of 500 million euros by the end of 2018 Italy 17th (out of...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Corporation and Procter & Gamble together with the Civil Protection Dept. donate 10 “Laundry” containers to earthquake stricken families in Central Italy
 23 Mar 2017 Milan, 23 March 2017 – Procter & Gamble and Whirlpool Corporation have teamed up to support communities hit by the earthquake in central Italy. The solidarity initiative headed by the two multinationals, in collaboration with the Italian Civil Protection...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool UK raises money for UK Harvest & Jamie Oliver’s Food Revolution
 22 Mar 2017 Whirlpool UK Appliances took part, on March 21st in London, in the CEO Cook Off, a Jamie Oliver initiative that brings together the nation’s top chefs and biggest names in UK business for a once in a lifetime evening of cooking, fundraising and feasting. Chefs and...
read more
 

 
 
 
#ItalyMatters. Investing in the Country: challenges, opportunities and perspectives
 21 Mar 2017 In connection with the move to the new headquarters in the Metropolitan City of Milan, Whirlpool EMEA promotes a debate on the attractiveness of the countrywide system. -------------------------------- 28th March 2017 | 10:00am AUDITORIUM ASSOLOMBARDA | Via Pantano 9...
read more
 

 
 
 
Human Rights Day in South Africa
 21 Mar 2017 March 21, Commemorating the Sharpeville massacre Human Rights Day (March 21) in South Africa is both a celebration of the rights of all citizens and a solemn remembrance of the suffering and sacrifice necessary to secure them. It began as a commemoration of the...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool wins UK Water Efficiency Product Award
 16 Mar 2017 Whirlpool has won a UK Water Efficiency Product Award at the recent Waterwise Awards 2017 The Waterwise UK Water Efficiency Product Awards recognises products and technology that contribute to water efficiency that benefit the economy, society and environment. The...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg, Information for Investors
 8 Mar 2017 Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l. Société à Responsabilité Limitée Registered office: 560A, rue de Neudorf, L-2220 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg RCS Luxembourg: B 209.573 Share capital €12,500.00 On 24 October 2016, Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l....
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool presents the company that will take over the Teverola facility
 6 Mar 2017 SERI Group will build the first lithium cell production plant in Italy Rome, 6 March 2017 – Whirlpool Corporation today presented the industrial group that will be taking over the Teverola facility (Caserta) and guarantee its future in manufacturing. This came ahead...
read more
 

 
 
 
Winning in style: 6 iF Design Awards for Whirlpool, Hotpoint and Bauknecht
 16 Feb 2017 Whirlpool, Hotpoint and Bauknecht brands have been honored at the internationally renowned iF DESIGN AWARDS with 6 prestigious iF labels in Product Design. The iF DESIGN AWARD, one of the world’s most highly respected design competitions, sees over 5,500 entries from...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool opens its new model plant in Melano
 14 Feb 2017 The industrial site is now the main hob producer in the EMEA region. Economic Development Vice-Minister Teresa Bellanova attends the official start of a “new era” for the top class plant. Melano (Fabriano, Ancona), 14 February 2017 – Whirlpool Corporation’s new Melano...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool Corporation is Top Employer in Italy
 8 Feb 2017 Milan, February 8th 2016 - Whirlpool Corporation has been awarded the Top Employers Italy 2017 certification that recognizes, among Italian companies, excellence in the field of Human Resources development. Whirlpool confirms once again its commitment to the...
read more
 

 
 
 
Whirlpool EMEA and Habitat for Humanity together to help vulnerable communities in Hungary
 27 Jan 2017 Budapest, 27 January 2017 – Whirlpool EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) has renewed the partnership with Habitat for Humanity, now supporting two initiatives in Hungary: the Social Rental Project, aimed to offer homeless families a decent housing, and the...
read more
 
 
« Older Entries



 


Follow Whirlpool EMEA on Social Media:
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


































Whirlpool Form 8-K | Whirlpool Finance (IRSH) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





Whirlpool Finance (IRSH)



Whirlpool Finance

Whirlpool Form 8-K

RNS Number : 6047X Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg SARL 22 February 2017  





Issuer: Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.A R.L.
Date: 22nd February 2017 
Re: Whirlpool Form 8-K
 
 
Please click on the following link to view the document.
http://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6047X_-2017-2-22.pdf 
 
 







 
 
 
 
This announcement has been issued through the Companies Announcement Service of
the Irish Stock Exchange.
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  ISEDLLFLDLFXBBZ











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com









