    Macauley Whiting | Grace A. Dow Foundation | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















WHITING v. DOW CHEMICAL C | 386 F.Supp. 1130 (1974) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.Supp.
386 F.Supp.
386 F.Supp. 1130 (1974)



					 
				




								WHITING v. DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 74 Civ. 1867.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




386 F.Supp. 1130 (1974)


Macauley WHITING, Plaintiff,
v.
DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY, Defendant.


United States District Court, S. D. New York.
December 24, 1974.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Dewey, Ballantine, Bushby, Palmer & Wood, New York City, for plaintiff; Russel H. Beatie, Jr., Brendan P. Bovaird, New York City, of counsel.
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, Washington, D. C., Poletti Freidin Prashker Feldman & Gartner, New York City, for defendant; Arthur F. Mathews, Stephen F. Black, Washington, D. C., Paul R. Grand, New York City, of counsel.





ROBERT J. WARD, District Judge.
Plaintiff Macauley Whiting brings this action pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("§ 16(b)" of "the Exchange Act"), 15 U.S.C. § 78p(b), and 28 U.S.C. § 2201, seeking a declaratory judgment that he is not liable to defendant Dow Chemical Company ("Dow") for profits allegedly realized upon certain sales and purchases of Dow stock in September, November and December of 1973. Dow counterclaims for $208,203.80 plus interest, the amount which it contends is recoverable by the company according to the applicable rules of law, should this Court find plaintiff liable under § 16(b). The Court has jurisdiction and venue is proper in this district. 15 U.S.C. § 78aa.1
Mr. Whiting has been a director of Dow since 1959. His wife, Helen Dow Whiting, a granddaughter of the founder of Dow, has owned Dow common stock since childhood and substantial quantities of that stock (although less than 10% of the outstanding shares of the company) since 1962. The common stock of Dow is an equity security registered and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., and is not an exempted security within the meaning of 15 U.S.C. § 78c(a)(12). The present controversy arises out of Mrs. Whiting's sale of 29,770 shares of common stock of Dow during September and November, 1973 at various prices totalling $1,645,063.58, and Mr. Whiting's exercise, on December 27, 1973, of an option granted to him by Dow to purchase 21,420 shares of its common stock at an aggregate option price of $520,774.2 The question now before the Court is whether Mr. Whiting thereby "realized profit  . . . from any purchase and sale, or sale and purchase, of any equity security of such issuer (other than an exempted security) within any period of less than six months . . ." within the meaning of § 16(b) of the Exchange Act. The parties base their arguments in large part upon the premise that that question in turn rests upon whether Mr. Whiting is the "beneficial owner" of the shares held by his wife.
Defendant vigorously contends that the purposes of § 16(b) can be effectuated only if it is held to apply to the situation now before the Court; plaintiff equally vigorously argues that the holdings and the transactions of husband and wife in this case are separate and cannot be matched against each other for purposes of § 16(b) liability. Both Mr. and Mrs. Whiting testified at the trial.
Plaintiff demonstrated that his wife has assets many times greater than his own, and from them pays by far the largest share of the family expenses. She maintains her own personal records, her own checking and brokerage accounts, and does not mingle her assets with his. While the largest part of her personal estate consists of her Dow common stock, Mr. Whiting does not communicate with his wife concerning the affairs of the company. Mrs. Whiting controls all specific transactions involving her assets, to the extent that she has placed them in a discretionary account with Smith, Barney & Co., Inc., to whom she has given general instructions and some of whose specific purchases she authorizes. She does not, as a matter of practice, discuss individual transactions with her husband, and there is no evidence that he controls her decisions concerning even the general aspects of her management of her estate. It is clear that Mrs. Whiting autonomously manages her own separate estate and is not the "alter ego" of her insider husband.
It is also clear, however, that the Whitings enjoy the mutual affection, respect and communication which one would expect of a happily married couple, and that together they and their children benefit, in terms of style of life, from Mrs. Whiting's substantial wealth. They share a common home, own a vacation home which they use together, and Mr. Whiting does contribute virtually his entire salary to defray the family expenses which are met primarily by Mrs. Whiting.
Mr. Whiting serves as trustee of several trusts in their children's names, which consist largely of gifts of Dow common stock from Mrs. Whiting. She commonly takes advantage of his annual gift tax exclusion to make gifts to their children's trusts, as well as to charitable organizations. They file a joint income tax return which maximizes the deductions available to both. They use the same financial advisers although their accounts are formally separate, and they are frequently, although not invariably, present together at meetings with those advisers to discuss the overall management of their respective estates and the estates of their children. Mrs. Whiting pays the fees of these advisers. Together the Whitings have discussed the general philosophy which should govern the management of Mrs. Whiting's estate, and in early 1972 agreed upon a major shift in that philosophy. Since that time she has disposed of certain percentages of her Dow stock annually, reinvesting the proceeds elsewhere in the interest of diversifying her holdings and obtaining maximum tax benefits. Upon occasion Mrs. Whiting consults her husband concerning the desirability of certain investments in areas of his expertise, and although she does not invariably follow his advice she appears to have considerable respect for his opinion. In short, the resources of both husband and wife are significantly directed toward their common prosperity, and they easily communicate concerning matters which relate to that prosperity.
Discussion
Congress enacted both § 16(a) and § 16(b) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. §  78p)3 for the purpose of preventing speculation based upon inside information or other abuses of their position by directors, officers, and large shareholders of registered corporations. Section 16(a) subjects all holdings and transactions by such persons to the closest scrutiny, in order that detailed exposure itself will discourage abuses. 2 Loss, Securities Regulation 1038 (1961). Section 16(b) focuses more directly on the evil of abuse of inside information for short-swing speculation in the securities of the insiders' corporations, and somewhat arbitrarily requires insiders of a listed corporation to disgorge to the corporation any profit realized upon purchases and sales of its securities within six months.4
The words, "beneficial owner," are used in § 16(a) and § 16(b) for  two different purposes. First, "insider" status may derive from beneficial ownership of more than ten percent of the equity securities of an issuer of registered securities. Insider status carries with it both an obligation to report holdings and transactions to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("the Commission"), under § 16(a), and possible liability for profits under § 16(b). Second, § 16(a) imposes upon officers and directors of an issuer of registered securities, in addition to ten percent beneficial owners, the obligation to report to the Commission the amount of securities of that issuer of which they are the beneficial owner, as well as any changes in that ownership. Thus the words "beneficial owner" at once define one category of persons who are subject to both sections 16(a) and 16(b), and determine which holdings all insiders must report, under § 16(a).
The reporting requirements of § 16(a) are broader in scope than the liability provisions of § 16(b); changes in beneficial ownership within a six-month period, such as transfer of shares whether by gift or for consideration to a spouse or other family member, although duly reported, may not always give rise to liability. 2 Loss, Securities Regulation, 1082-3, nn. 197-199 (1961); 5 Loss, Securities Regulation 3066 (1969); Feldman & Teberg, Beneficial Ownership Under § 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 17 W.Res.L.Rev. 1054, 1063 (1966). The Commission has supported broad interpretations of the reporting requirements, reasoning that Congress intended the trading activities of insiders to be subject to the most careful scrutiny, for its deterrent effect not only upon abuse of inside information for short-swing profit, but also upon other abuses to which other sections of the statute are more specifically directed. See Feldman & Teberg, supra at 1063.
The question under § 16(b) is more narrowly whether the insider has "realized profit" by "any purchase and sale," terms not completely defined in the statute, but interpreted by the courts and the Commission in light of the purposes of that section. In interpreting the language of § 16(b), the courts have kept in mind that § 16(b) was designed to be largely automatic in application,5 and to "squeeze all possible profits" from short-swing trades by insiders, Smolowe v. Delendo Corp., 136 F.2d 231 (2d Cir. 1943), cert. denied, 320 U.S. 751, 64 S.Ct. 46, 88 L.Ed. 446 (1943), and have strictly construed the language in favor of the corporation's recovery of maximum amounts. They have also, on occasion, mitigated the harsh effects of the rule by examining whether a transaction or individual  class of transactions lends itself specifically to the abuses the section is designed to prevent, e. g., Kern County Land Co. v. Occidental Corp., 411 U.S. 582, 93 S.Ct. 1736, 36 L.Ed.2d 503 (1973); Reliance Electric Co. v. Emerson Electric Co., 404 U.S. 418, 92 S.Ct. 596, 30 L.Ed.2d 575 (1972); Blau v. Lehman, 368 U.S. 403, 82 S.Ct. 451, 7 L.Ed.2d 403 (1962), and if it does not, have strictly construed the language in favor of the insider. There has thus emerged a tension between not always compatible guides, reflected in dissenting opinions to significant cases as they are decided.
In Blau v. Lehman, supra, for example, the Supreme Court held a partner liable for only his pro-rata share of profits realized upon his partnership's purchase and sale within six months of shares in a corporation of which he was a director. The partnership had acted independently of any specific advice from him, without his specific knowledge, and he disclaimed any interest in any proceeds of the transactions. The Court refused to hold that the partnership as a whole was an insider, or to accept the harsh effect of holding the director liable for the full amount of profit realized by the partnership, since the language of § 16(b) speaks specifically to "profit realized by him" referring solely to the insider. In a vigorous dissent Justice Douglas urged that the partnership as a whole be considered a person, an insider because one of its members was an insider. He discussed the large potential for abuse of inside information in the partnership context, emphasizing the automatic and arbitrary character of the section and the Court's consistent prior policy of rigorously squeezing all profit from transactions by insiders in a six-month period. 368 U.S. at 414, 82 S.Ct. 451 et seq.
Again, in Reliance Electric Co. v. Emerson Electric Co., supra, the court looked to the strict language of § 16(b), and in the context of a defeated tender offer permitted a ten percent beneficial owner deliberately to dispose of shares acquired within six months in two stages, only one of which would be subject to § 16(b) liability. The majority reasoned that Congress has created a strict and arbitrary rule of liability which should not be extended beyond the literal meaning of the section's language. Justice Douglas' dissent emphasized the prophylactic purpose of § 16(b), and again urged a flexible construction of the statute which would serve that purpose. 404 U.S. at 427, 92 S.Ct. 596 et seq.
And most recently, in Kern County Land Co. v. Occidental Corp., supra, the Supreme Court held that in the context of a defeated tender offer, a binding option agreement to sell the shares acquired during the campaign, negotiated within six months of purchase, but effective only beyond that time, was not a "sale" for purposes of § 16(b) liability. The court considered the transaction not susceptible of the kind of abuse toward which § 16(b) is directed. Once more, Justice Douglas argued for a strict and automatic application of the statute, a "bright-line test," even should that include some who were not in a position to abuse inside information. 411 U.S. at 605, 93 S.Ct. 1736 et seq.
This Court is now asked to interpret the language of § 16(b), "profit realized by him from any purchase and sale, or any sale and purchase," to impose liability where an insider purchases and his spouse sells shares of his company, if he "beneficially owns" her stock for purposes of § 16(a) reports. The Court concludes that the language of § 16(b) should be interpreted to impose liability, and in so doing, applies the guideline expressed by the majority in Kern:
In deciding whether borderline transactions are within the reach of the statute, the courts have come to inquire whether the transaction may serve as a vehicle for the evil which Congress sought to prevent — the realization of short-swing profits based upon access to inside information —  thereby endeavoring to implement congressional objectives without extending the reach of the statute beyond its intended limits. Kern County Land Co. v. Occidental Corp., supra at 594-595, 93 S.Ct. at 1744-1745.
In the context of § 16(a), the Commission has evolved a dual test of an insider's beneficial ownership of his or her spouse's shares. See 2 Loss, Securities Regulation 1101 (1961); 5 Loss, Securities Regulation 3063-66 (1969). Such beneficial ownership may derive from the insider's "power to revest" in himself title to those shares.6 Or it may result from his enjoyment of "benefits substantially equivalent to those of ownership." In a release dated January 19, 1966, the Commission described such benefits. Sec.Ex.Act Rel. 7793. They include use of the spouse's income or profits for the maintenance of a common home or to meet expenses which would otherwise be met from other sources, and the ability to exercise a controlling influence over the purchase, sale or voting of those securities. The Commission specifically required, as a matter of course, the reporting of securities held by any relative of an insider who shares a common home with him, in effect creating in such a situation a presumption of beneficial ownership for reporting purposes. The report may, however, be accompanied by a disclaimer of beneficial ownership, so that an insider may always in a particular case show that despite this living arrangement he does not receive "benefits substantially equivalent to those of ownership" from the relative's shares.7 Moreover, the Commission later stated that the report alone does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership for purposes of § 16(b) liability, but said that the question of "profits realized upon the purchase and sale . . ." will always be decided on the particular facts of each case in the context of litigation. Sec. Ex.Act Rel. 7824, February 14, 1966.
Plaintiff argues that the Commission has thus established reporting requirements designed to reveal all transactions in which an insider may have any interest, but that § 16(b) liability may not be found except where the insider has in fact controlled the transactions so closely that the spouse is either his "alter ego" or agent. Blau v. Lehman, supra; Reliance Electric Co. v. Emerson Electric Co., supra; Blau v. Mission Corp., 212 F.2d 77 (2d Cir. 1954), cert. denied, 347 U.S. 1016, 74 S.Ct. 872, 98 L.Ed. 1138 (1954); Alloys Unlimited, Inc. v. Gilbert, 319 F.Supp. 617 (S.D.N.Y. 1970). He refers to the broader scope of § 16(a), and the manner in which the courts have literally interpreted certain language in § 16(b) to limit liability except where it was clearly imposed.
But as the court earlier observed, the language of § 16(b) has always been interpreted by reference to the purposes of that section and, while there is hesitation to extend the statute by judicial construction of clear language, where words, such as "purchase" or "sale," are open to several interpretations the courts will construe them to effectuate the purposes of § 16(b). Furthermore, § 16(a) and (b) are interrelated, as the courts have recognized. Reliance Electric Co. v. Emerson Electric Co., supra, 404 U.S. at 426, 92 S.Ct. 596; Feder v. Martin Marietta Corp., 406 F.2d 260, 268 (2d Cir. 1969).
This Court considers the Commission's interpretation of "benefits substantially equivalent to those of ownership" useful in determining whether an insider realizes profits upon transactions in his spouse's shares of his company. Joint maintenance of a common home and the sharing of family expenses indicate initially so substantial a common interest that both profit where one obtains financial advantage. The ability to exercise a controlling influence over sales and purchases of the spouse's shares, particularly when combined with a substantial  common interest in mutual prosperity, indicates that the family situation is susceptible to the abuses which § 16(b) was designed to prevent. Moreover, it indicates that, where necessary, the couple can time its transactions in the shares of the insider's corporation in accordance with the section's requirements.
The policies of § 16(b) would not be served were this Court to consider it applicable only to transactions in a spouse's shares when the spouse is the "alter ego" or agent of the insider. Increasingly, both parties in a marriage have independent means which they individually control; without in any way denying the autonomy of each the Court must recognize that the usual family unit shares the prosperity and the adversity of its members, and communicates concerning matters of common concern. The policies of automaticity and prophylaxis which underlie § 16(b) demand that the financial dealings of each spouse in the securities of a corporation of which one is an insider be attributable to the insider, where it is shown that the insider beneficially owns the spouse's stock for purposes of § 16(a) reports. To avoid liability the insider must demonstrate in some other way that the transactions, otherwise within the scope of § 16(b), generated no "profits realized by him."
Without analysis, several courts have reached the same conclusion. Blau v. Potter [1973 Transfer Binder] CCH Fed.Sec.L.Rep. ¶ 94,115 at 94,117 (S.D. N.Y.1973); Bershad v. McDonough, 428 F.2d 693 (7th Cir. 1970); Marquette Cement Mfg. Co. v. Andreas, 239 F.Supp. 962, 966-967 (S.D.N.Y.1965); see also, Rothenberg v. Sonnabend, ['61-'64 Transfer Binder] CCH Fed.Sec.L.Rep. ¶ 91,226 (S.D.N.Y.1963). In another case the parties stipulated that the insider is liable for transactions made by the spouse. B. T. Babbitt, Inc. v. Lachner, 332 F.2d 255 (2d Cir. 1964). In both Blau and Marquette the Court proceeded to decide that no such beneficial ownership was proved. In Marquette the court noted that the parties were legally separated at the time of the transactions, and divorced at the time of the action; in Blau the court emphasized the completely separate nature of the wife's assets, which were not used in any way for the common living expenses or for the wife's own support, over which the husband exercised no influence, and which were totally segregated as a matter of accounting practice. In these situations the possibility of the sort of abuse to which § 16 (b) is directed is minimal, and the separation of financial interests and responsibilities is so clear that a court could not justly find that the insider had "realized profit."
As noted above, however, in the present case the segregation of assets and contributions to the family welfare is not so complete. In many ways the Whitings' expenditures are linked, although their assets are kept separate. They do communicate concerning financial matters deemed mutually important, and in their tax returns and charitable contributions have demonstrated an ability to combine their actions where it is to their joint advantage.
Moreover, the record shows that both Mr. Whiting and Mrs. Whiting were generally aware of the specific transactions of the other which are the subject of this litigation. Mr. Whiting knew that his wife had increased the pace of her disposition of Dow stock toward the latter part of 1973. She was aware that he possessed an option which he was required to exercise before it expired in June, 1974. She knew that he possessed insufficient funds to purchase the shares pursuant to his option and was considering obtaining a loan from the Harris Trust and Savings Bank ("the Harris Bank"), at which she had an account. Their accountants recommended, however, that his purchase be financed by a loan from her, since large sums of money generated by her disposition program for her Dow securities were available in her account for investment elsewhere. Although the Whitings initially  rejected this suggestion they did ultimately arrange that Mrs. Whiting should lend Mr. Whiting the purchase price for the exercise of his option at an annual rate of interest of 7%, payable over an indefinite period of time. Mr. Whiting had commenced negotiations with the Harris Bank, which he discontinued, stating in a letter to the bank: "We have been able to get the cash required from sale of stock and will not need the loan at this time."
It is also clear that the Whitings were mindful of their general § 16(b) exposure. Mrs. Whiting knew that she was required to file reports with the Commission because her husband was a director of Dow; she knew that her transactions were in some ways restricted by that fact, and that in a sense she was herself an insider and should time her own purchases and sales accordingly. In fact, she did not herself purchase Dow stock. Mr. Whiting listed her shares on the reports which he filed with the Commission pursuant to § 16(a), and had received memoranda alerting him to his potential liability for her transactions. It appears that he exercised his option at the time he did under the erroneous impression that this was not a "purchase" for purposes of liability under § 16(b). The Court is convinced that had the Whitings known specifically that that transaction was subject to § 16(b) they would have timed either her sales or his purchase differently. But, as noted above, insiders are deemed capable of structuring their transactions in accordance with the strict and arbitrary requirements of that section, and are held to bear the risk of their own inadvertence. The Court's conclusion in this respect merely reinforces its judgment that this family situation is of the sort to which § 16(b) is fairly addressed. Accordingly, judgment is awarded in favor of defendant.
The foregoing constitutes the findings of fact and conclusions of law of the Court for purposes of Rule 52, Fed.R. Civ.P.
Settle judgment on notice.


FootNotes 
1. Prior to the institution of this action, Dow advised Mr. Whiting of its intention to recover the amount in question.

2. Neither Mr. nor Mrs. Whiting made any other purchase or sale of Dow stock during the relevant time period.

3. § 78p. Directors, officers, and principal stockholders
(a) Every person who is directly or indirectly the beneficial owner of more than 10 per centum of any class of any equity security (other than an exempted security) which is registered pursuant to section 78l of this title, or who is a director or an officer of the issuer of such security, shall file, at the time of the registration of such security on a national securities exchange or by the effective date of a registration statement filed pursuant to section 78l(g) of this title, or within ten days after he becomes such beneficial owner, director, or officer, a statement with the Commission (and, if such security is registered on a national securities exchange, also with the exchange) of the amount of all equity securities of such issuer of which he is the beneficial owner, and within ten days after the close of each calendar month thereafter, if there has been a change in such ownership during such month, shall file with the Commission (and if such security is registered on a national securities exchange, shall also file with the exchange), a statement indicating his ownership at the close of the calendar month and such changes in his ownership as have occurred during such calendar month.
(b) For the purpose of preventing the unfair use of information which may have been obtained by such beneficial owner, director, or officer by reason of his relationship to the issuer, any profit realized by him from any purchase and sale, or any sale and purchase, of any equity security of such issuer (other than an exempted security) within any period of less than six months, unless such security was acquired in good faith in connection with a debt previously contracted, shall inure to and be recoverable by the issuer, irrespective of any intention on the part of such beneficial owner, director, or officer in entering into such transaction of holding the security purchased or of not repurchasing the security sold for a period exceeding six months. Suit to recover such profit may be instituted at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction by the issuer or by the owner of any security of the issuer in the name and in behalf of the issuer if the issuer shall fail or refuse to bring such suit within sixty days after request or shall fail diligently to prosecute the same thereafter; but no such suit shall be brought more than two years after the date such profit was realized. This subsection shall not be construed to cover any transaction where such beneficial owner was not such both at the time of the purchase and sale, or the sale and purchase, of the security involved, or any transaction or transactions which the Commission by rules and regulations may exempt as not comprehended within the purpose of this subsection.

4. The Supreme Court has recently expressed the purpose of this provision:
Congress recognized that short-swing speculation by stockholders with advance, inside information would threaten the goal of the Securities Exchange Act to "insure the maintenance of fair and honest markets." 15 U.S.C. § 78b. Insiders could exploit information not generally available to others to secure quick profits. As we have noted, "the only method Congress deemed effective to curb the evils of insider trading was a flat rule taking the profits out of a class of transactions in which the possibility of abuse was believed to be intolerably great." Reliance Electric Co. v. Emerson Electric Co., 404 U.S. 418, 422, 92 S.Ct. 596, 599, 30 L.Ed.2d 575 (1972). As stated in the report of the Senate Committee, the bill aimed at protecting the public "by preventing directors, officers, and principal stockholders of a corporation . . . from speculating in the stock on the basis of information not available to others." S.Rep.No.792, 73d Cong., 2d Sess., 9 (1934).
Kern County Land Co. v. Occidental Corp., 411 U.S. 582, 591-592, 93 S.Ct. 1736, 36 L.Ed.2d 503 (1973).

5. One court has recently discussed the automatic nature of the rule of § 16(b):
In order to achieve its goals, Congress chose a relatively arbitrary rule capable of easy administration. The objective standard of Section 16(b) imposes strict liability upon substantially all transactions occurring within the statutory time period, regardless of the intent of the insider or the existence of actual speculation. This approach maximized the ability of the rule to eradicate speculative abuses by reducing difficulties in proof. Such arbitrary and sweeping coverage was deemed necessary to insure the optimum prophylactic effect. See Petteys v. Butler, supra, 367 F.2d [528,] at pp. 532-533; Smolowe v. Delendo, supra, 136 F.2d at pp. 236-237; Blau v. Lamb, supra, 363 F.2d at p. 515. The harshness of the rule was mitigated, however, by confining its coverage to a period of six months, thereby ensuring the minimum adverse effect upon valuable, long-term investments and at the same time facilitating easy and certain compliance with the strictures of Section 16(b). The thrust of the statutory scheme thus placed responsibility for meticulous observance of the provision upon the shoulders of the insider. He was deemed capable of structuring his dealings to avoid any possibility of taint and therefore must bear the risks of any inadvertent miscalculation. Cf. Polaroid Corp. v. Casselman, 213 F.Supp. 379, 382 (S.D.N.Y.1962); see generally, II Loss, Securities Regulation, Ch. 6C, pp. 1040, et seq. (2d ed. 1961).
Bershad v. McDonough, 428 F.2d 693, 696 (7th Cir. 1970).

6. It is unquestioned in this case that plaintiff has no power whatever to revest in himself title to his wife's shares of Dow stock.

7. Mr. Whiting consistently reported the shares of Dow held by his wife, and the changes in her holdings, without disclaimer.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















MACAULEY  WHITING JR - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MACAULEY  WHITING JR
Check out list of companies and businesses related to MACAULEY  WHITING JR. Find out MACAULEY  WHITING JR address and contact details. View other people related to MACAULEY  WHITING JR - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

100 S. INDEPENDENCE MALL WEST  PHILADELPHIA 19106 PA




Companies related to MACAULEY  WHITING JR
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001592016AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.Director 100 S. INDEPENDENCE MALL WEST  PHILADELPHIA 19106




MACAULEY  WHITING JR on the Web
Persons related to MACAULEY  WHITING JR - AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.NamePositionCityBOULEVARD ACQUISITION SPONSOR, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBOULEVARD ACQUISITION SPONSOR, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKROBERT J  CAMPBELLDirector CAMDENROBERT J  CAMPBELLDirector NEW YORKJOEL TOMAS  CITRONDirector NEW YORKThompson  DarrenNew YorkMurphy  DerekPhiladelphiaNANCE K  DICCIANIDirector CHEMICAL CO /DE/  DOW10% Owner MIDLANDMARK  EINDirector THOMAS  ERMIVP,Secretary & General Counsel PHILADELPHIAJordi  FerreChief Executive Officer PHILADELPHIAGREGORY M  FREIWALDDirector MIDLANDSonia  Gardner10% Owner NEW YORKSonia  GardnerNEW YORKSonia  Gardner10% Owner NEW YORKSTUART  GLEICHENHAUSPHILADELPHIAFreiwald  GregoryPhiladelphiaKatherine Carolyn  HarperChief Financial Officer STAMFORDSTAN  HOWELLPresident PHILADELPHIACitron  JoelNew YorkTORSTEN  KRAEFDirector PHILADELPHIATHOMAS M.  LARKINNEW YORKMARC  LASRYDirector NEW YORKMARC  LASRYNEW YORKMARC  LASRYChairman of the Board NEW YORKGeorge  LobisserDirector PHILADELPHIAMARGARET M  LOEBLExec VP and CFO DECATURWhiting  MacauleyPhiladelphiaTHOMAS D.  MACPHEEChief Executive Officer PHILADELPHIAEin  MarkPhiladelphiaLasry  MarkNew YorkZettler  MarkPhiladelphiaDEREK JAMES  MURPHYPHILADELPHIADicciani  NancePhiladelphiaCampbell  RobertPhiladelphiaHowell  StanleyPhiladelphiaTrevor  StephenPhiladelphiaGleichenhaus  StuartPhiladelphiaMacphee  ThomasPhiladelphiaErmi  ThomasPhiladelphiaLarkin  ThomasNew YorkDarren  ThompsonDirector NEW YORKKraef  TorstenPhiladelphiaSTEPHEN S.  TREVORDirector NEW YORKPETER  VRIENDSVP, Global General Manager PHILADELPHIAMACAULEY  WHITING JRDirector PHILADELPHIAMARK W.  ZETTLERVP, R&D and Regulatory Affairs PHILADELPHIA
Potentially same personNameCityCountryWhiting  MacauleyPhiladelphiaPA












 








	Helen Whiting Obituary - Orlando, FL | Orlando Sentinel






 



















































































Notices


















 POWERED BYSearch










Resources


More Obituaries for Helen Whiting


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Helen Dow Whiting


Notice
Condolences




























 WHITING,   HELEN DOW,  85, of Sun Valley, ID, died peacefully on Oct. 16, 2009, while in the loving care of her devoted family, in Ketchum, ID. Helen was born in Midland, MI on Aug. 13, 1924, the oldest child of Martha (Pratt) and Willard Dow. She attended the Carpenter Street School, the Dow Private School, graduated from the Kingswood School in Birmingham, MI, and earned a BA degree in Chemistry from Sarah Lawrence College in 1945. She was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humanities Degree from Northwood University in 1972. She met her husband Macauley while she was a student at Kingswood, and they were married July 6, 1945. Their life together has been full of rich experiences, which includes the raising of a family of six children, being grandparents of eight grandchildren and great grandparents to one, and travel to 94 countries around the world as well as all of the fifty United States. As an author of three books, Yes, We Can Cook (1978), Souvenirs of Tuscany (1990), and Discovering China (1999), Helen's books were informed by her life experiences as a wife, mother and traveler. She sought to create beauty in all aspects of her life, whether in her home in Midland, where all her children were raised, or in Sun Valley, where she and Mac lived for more than 30 years. She maintained an interest in many civic organizations, including hospitals, schools, land trusts, and arts organizations, which she and Mac supported through their family foundation, the  Macauley and Helen Dow Whiting Foundation. She also served as a trustee of the  Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation in Midland. She is survived by her loving husband of 64 years, Macauley, her six children, Susan Scholl of Taos, NM, Martha FioRito of Windsor, CA, Helen Whiting of Sun Valley, Idaho, Mary  Whiting of Blue Hill, ME, Henry Whiting II of Bliss, ID,  Macauley Whiting Jr., of Winter Park, FL, eight grandchildren, Macauley Whiting III, of Charlotte, NC, Correll Whiting of Winter Park, FL, Cameron and Chessye Collette of Sun Valley, ID, Castine and Noah Dow of Blue Hill, Maine, Brandon FioRito of San Diego, California, Meghan FioRito of Windsor, California, one great grandchild Nevaeh Collette of Sun Valley, Idaho, as well as many other loving family members, and friends. She was predeceased by her parents, and by her brother, Herbert Henry Dow II. Funeral services for Helen will be held in Midland, Michigan, at the St. John's Episcopal Church, 405 N. Saginaw Road at St. Andrews Drive, on Tuesday, October 27, 2009, at 1:00 pm. The Reverend Robert Skirving will officiate, with private family burial rites in Midland Cemetery. The family will be receiving friends at the Ware Smith Woolever Funeral Home, 1200 West Wheeler Street in Midland on Monday, Oct. 26, 2009, from 4 to 6 pm. Helen requested that those planning an expression of sympathy provide gifts of flowers. If you are unable to visit with the family in person, you may share your condolences through  www.waresmithwoolever.com



Published in the Orlando Sentinel from Oct. 20 to Oct. 21, 2009


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.











The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for HELEN DOW WHITING






Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Notices

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.










































McCauley (Mike) Whiting, Jr






FOR IMMEDIATE
            RELEASE
April 22, 2003
 
News Release
 
Northwood University to Award Macauley Whiting,
              Jr. with Honorary Doctorate Degree
 
West Palm Beach, Fla. ---
          At its 2003 commencement ceremony, Northwood University will award
          an honorary doctorate degree to Macauley (Mike) Whiting, co-founder
          of Decker Energy International, Inc., for his entrepreneurial leadership.
          The commencement will be held on May 21 at the Raymond F. Kravis Center
          for the Performing Arts, 701 Okeechobee Boulevard. More than 2,000
          students will graduate from all of the NU campuses this year.
 
Whiting graduated from
          Princeton University in 1978 and began a career with Dow Chemical Company
          in Freeport, Texas. In 1982 he co-founded Decker Energy International,
          Inc. of Winter Park, Florida, which develops, acquires, owns and operates
          environmentally friendly power generating facilities, especially those
          using renewable resources. His professional services include trustee
          and secretary of the Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation, Midland,
          Michigan; and trustee of Northwood University, Midland, Michigan. Dedicated
          to children, he has coached little league baseball teams for more than
          10 years, including one team that played in the Senior Little League
          World Series in 2000.
 
"It is a great day
          for our institution to honor Mike Whiting with the Doctor of Laws,
          Honoris Causa," said NU Provost John Haynie. "Mike has grown
          up with Northwood by virtue of the fact that his father, Macauley Whiting
          Sr., has been a trustee of Northwood University since its beginnings.
          Mike Whiting is an accomplished entrepreneur and businessman and
          knows, as a trustee of Northwood himself, of the uniqueness of Northwood's
          educational approach. As a result, he can connect with students and
          graduates on many levels."
 
Northwood University is
          a private, accredited college offering bachelor and associate degrees
          in a variety of business management curriculums, including accounting,
          international business, banking & finance, automotive marketing & management
          and more. Northwood spans three campuses in Midland, Michigan; Cedar
          Hill, Texas; and West Palm Beach, Florida, as well as 40 extension
          centers worldwide. The Florida campus has more than 1,000 students
          enrolled.
-30-
 


 





WHITING, MACAULEY, JR - DECKER ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Florida
  /  
DECKER ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
  /  
WHITING, MACAULEY, JR





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













WHITING, MACAULEY, JR

 Florida
 US-FL-H34317
 




WHITING, MACAULEY, JR is the Director and President and Treasurer of DECKER ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, registered in Florida.




Save Profile  
 







DETAILS


Name: WHITING, MACAULEY, JR
Office Held: Director
Office Held: President
Office Held: Treasurer




OTHER OFFICERS FOR THIS COMPANY




MACAULEY, WHITING, JR
Registered Agent




STOIA, ARITINA M
secretary




















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec


















Macauley Whiting Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Macauley Whiting Jr.
Board Member at AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Macauley Whiting Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Macauley Whiting Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Macauley Whiting Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Macauley Whiting Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Macauley Whiting Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








Macauley Whiting Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.


Past
To view Macauley Whiting Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Macauley Whiting Jr.'s Biography



Macauley Whiting, Jr., 60, joined our Board upon the consummation of the Business Combination on July 31, 2015. Mr. Whiting has served as President of The Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation since April 2014, as Treasurer since 2005 and as a trustee since 1996. In addition, Mr. Whiting served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Decker Energy International, a privately-held renewable energy company he founded in 1982 and built up until 2012, when he sold the company. Mr. Whiting holds a B.S.E. degree, cum laude, in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University.     The Board believes that Mr. Whiting is qualified to serve on our Bo ...
(Read More)

			Macauley Whiting, Jr., 60, joined our Board upon the consummation of the Business Combination on July 31, 2015. Mr. Whiting has served as President of The Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation since April 2014, as Treasurer since 2005 and as a trustee since 1996. In addition, Mr. Whiting served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Decker Energy International, a privately-held renewable energy company he founded in 1982 and built up until 2012, when he sold the company. Mr. Whiting holds a B.S.E. degree, cum laude, in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University.     The Board believes that Mr. Whiting is qualified to serve on our Board due to his general business acumen, knowledge of chemistry and extensive management experience.
		
Source: AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. on 04/25/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Macauley Whiting Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Macauley Whiting Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Macauley Whiting Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Macauley Whiting Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Macauley Whiting Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Macauley Whiting Jr.


















Macauley Whiting Jr.'s Connections (51)





Sign up now to view Macauley Whiting Jr.'s 51 connections »









Nance K. Dicciani
Board Member, Praxair, Inc.









Marc Lasry
Board Member, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Katherine C. Harper
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Stephen S. Trevor
Former Director and Member, Office of the Chair, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Gregory M. Freiwald
Board Member, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Robert J. Campbell
Board Member, Enstar Group Limited









O. Temple Sloan
Board Member, First Bancorp









Margaret M. Loebl
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Jordi Ferre
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.









Torsten Kraef
Board Member, AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Macauley Whiting Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:29 AM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Decker Energy International, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Macauley   Whiting Jr.Co-Founder, Decker Energy International, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Mr. Macauley Whiting, Jr., also known as Mike, served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Decker Energy International, Inc. Mr. Whiting founded Decker Energy International in 1982 and built up until 2012, when he sold the company. Previously, Mr. Whiting was a Senior Research Engineer. From 1978 to 1982, he was with Dow Chemical Co. Freeport, Texas. He has been a Director of AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. since July 31, 2015. He has served as President of the ... Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation since April 2014. Mr. Whiting served the Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation as a trustee since 1996 and was appointed Treasurer in 2005. Mr. Whiting holds a B.S.E. degree, cum laude, in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
152 Lincoln AvenueWinter Park, Florida 32789United StatesPhone: 407-628-8900Fax: 407-628-8535
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentDirectorAgroFresh Solutions, Inc.
Education
BSE Princeton University
Other Affiliations
Princeton UniversityAgroFresh Solutions, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Decker Energy International, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































WHITING MACAULEY JR Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of WHITING MACAULEY JR





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



AGROFRESH SOLUTIONS, INC.
Director
11/15/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
10,000
2.2
20,000


AGROFRESH SOLUTIONS, INC.
Director
06/02/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
14,822
0
14,822


AGROFRESH SOLUTIONS, INC.
Director
12/31/2015
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
5,028
0
5,028


AGROFRESH SOLUTIONS, INC.
Director
11/19/2015
Form 4
Buy
direct
8,000
5.8903
10,000


AGROFRESH SOLUTIONS, INC.
Director
08/19/2015
Form 4
Buy
direct
2,000
10.1
2,000















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2913
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1328
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    588
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    475
                    ratings
Rate It


NFLX

68% bullish
                    of
                    325
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



































