






Newsmakers Cumulation














World Biography
Newsmakers Cumulation



2004 A-Di
Contains articles like Ivan Allen Jr. Biography, Manuel Alvarez Bravo Biography, Idi Amin Biography, Ashanti Biography, Rachel Ashwell Biography, Robert C. Atkins Biography, Rowan Atkinson Biography, Mark Badgley and James Mischka Biography, Brian Becker Biography, Oscar Berger Biography, etc… 


2004 Di-Ko
Contains articles like Elizabeth Diller and Ricardo Scofidio Biography, Tim Donahue Biography, Hilary Duff Biography, Dale Earnhardt Jr. Biography, Shirin Ebadi Biography, Buddy Ebsen Biography, Larry Ellison Biography, Robert Evans Biography, Eve Biography, Colin Farrell Biography, etc… 


2004 Ko-Pr
Contains articles like Mike Korchinsky Biography, Dick Kovacevich Biography, Heinz Krogner Biography, Anthony LaPaglia Biography, Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson Biography, Bill Laimbeer Biography, Robert Lanza Biography, Arthur Levitt Biography, Eugene Levy Biography, Daniel Libeskind Biography, etc… 


2004 Q-Z
Contains articles like Queer Eye for the Straight Guy cast Biography, Karel Reisz Biography, Caroline Rhea Biography, Paola Rizzoli Biography, V. Gene Robinson Biography, Andy Roddick Biography, Ilene Rosenzweig Biography, Coleen Rowley Biography, Donald Rumsfeld Biography, Jeffrey D. Sachs Biography, etc… 


2005 A-Fi
Contains articles like Freddy Adu Biography, Arthur Agatston Biography, Chris Albrecht Biography, Roger Ames Biography, Tadao Ando Biography, Lori B. Andrews Biography, Louise Arbour Biography, Sean Astin Biography, Alan Ball Biography, Jason Bateman Biography, etc… 


2005 Fo-La
Contains articles like Faith Ford Biography, Janet Frame Biography, Claire M. Fraser Biography, John Galliano Biography, Gabriel García Márquez Biography, Amalia García Biography, Thomas Gold Biography, Genevieve Gorder Biography, Michael Gordon Biography, Topher Grace Biography, etc… 


2005 La-Pr
Contains articles like Ricardo Lagos Biography, Avril Lavigne Biography, Matt LeBlanc Biography, Chang-rae Lee Biography, Janet Leigh Biography, Sandy Lerner Biography, Edward B. Lewis Biography, Bella Lewitzky Biography, Jet Li Biography, Peter Liguori Biography, etc… 


2005 Pu-Z
Contains articles like Albert Pujols Biography, Manny Ramirez Biography, Tony Randall Biography, Raven Biography, Ronald Reagan Biography, Joan Rivers Biography, Narciso Rodriguez Biography, Robert Rodriguez Biography, Roh Moo-hyun Biography, Dave Rosgen Biography, etc… 


2006 A-Ec
Contains articles like Paige Adams-Geller Biography, Jonathan Adler Biography, Eddie Albert Biography, Prince of Monaco Albert Biography, Jeremy Allaire Biography, Judd Apatow Biography, Fiona Apple Biography, Shizuka Arakawa Biography, Julius Axelrod Biography, Traian Băsescu Biography, etc… 


2006 Ei-La
Contains articles like Will Eisner Biography, Mohamed ElBaradei Biography, Enrico Fabris Biography, King of Saudi Arabia Fahd Biography, Niall Ferguson Biography, America Ferrera Biography, Jasper Fforde Biography, Patrick J. Fitzgerald Biography, Foo Fighters Biography, Matthew Fox Biography, etc… 


2006 Le-Ra
Contains articles like Heath Ledger Biography, Jason Lee Biography, Nanette Lepore Biography, Beth Lisick Biography, Benilde Little Biography, Christian Louboutin Biography, Richard Louv Biography, Alexander Lukashenko Biography, Pony Ma Biography, Seth MacFarlane Biography, etc… 


2006 Ra-Z
Contains articles like John Raitt Biography, Anders Fogh Rasmussen Biography, Harry Reid Biography, Judith Rossner Biography, Karl Rove Biography, Marjane Satrapi Biography, Kyra Sedgwick Biography, John Sentamu Biography, Gyanendra Shah Biography, John Patrick Shanley Biography, etc… 


2007 A-Co
Contains articles like AFI Biography, J. J. Abrams Biography, Don Adams Biography, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Biography, Sophie Albou Biography, Monica Ali Biography, Robert Allenby Biography, June Allyson Biography, Brad Anderson Biography, Tom Anderson and Chris DeWolfe Biography, etc… 


2007 Co-Lh
Contains articles like Dominique Nils Conseil Biography, Robert Crais Biography, Raymond Davis Biography, Rosario Dawson Biography, Guerrino De Luca Biography, Brian De Palma Biography, Desmond Dekker Biography, E. L. Doctorow Biography, Alice Domar Biography, Mike Douglas Biography, etc… 


2007 Li-Pr
Contains articles like Gyorgy Ligeti Biography, Doug Liman Biography, Richard Linklater Biography, Penelope Lively Biography, Ron Livingston Biography, Ludacris Biography, Jack Ma Biography, Steve Madden Biography, Naguib Mahfouz Biography, Mako Biography, etc… 


2007 Pu-Z
Contains articles like Theodore Puck Biography, Kirby Puckett Biography, Daniel Radcliffe Biography, Estelle R. Ramey Biography, Lou Rawls Biography, Rachael Ray Biography, Kathleen J. Reichs Biography, Ruth Rendell Biography, Peter Rice Biography, Lloyd Richards Biography, etc… 






















Susan Whiting Biography - family, information, born, college, time, year, Career, Sidelights, Sources - Newsmakers Cumulation





 








World Biography
2007 Pu-Z
 Susan Whiting Biography 



Susan Whiting Biography











        Chief Executive Officer of Nielsen Media Research
      










      Born August 1, 1956, in Chicago, IL; daughter of Lawrence H. Whiting Jr.
      (an aviation entrepreneur); married Stephen J. Brogan (a management
      consultant), July 2, 1988 (divorced). 
      
        Education:
      
       Denison University, B.A. (cum laude), 1978.
    


        Addresses:
      

        Office
      
      —Nielsen Company, 770 Broadway, New York, NY 10003-9595.
    

      Career
    

      A.C. Nielsen Co., Chicago, management trainee, 1978–79; Nielsen
      Media Research, New York City, began as member, became manager then and
      director of the new business development unit, 1980–85; Nielsen
      Home Video Index, vice president and marketing manager, 1986–93,
      senior vice president and director of marketing, 1993–97; Nielsen
      Media Research, general manager of National Services and Emerging Markets,
      1997–2001; Nielsen Media Research, president, 2001–, and
      chief operating officer, 2001–02, chief executive officer, January
      2002–; VNU (later renamed the Nielsen Company), Media Measurement
      and Information, president and chief executive officer, 2005–07;
      The Nielsen Company, executive vice president and chair, Nielsen Media
      Research, January 2007–.
    

      Sidelights
    

      Susan Whiting serves as chief executive officer and chair of Nielsen Media
      Research, a multi-faceted company best known as the influential compiler
      of television ratings statistics. Described as "television's
      chief umpire" by 
      
        USA Today
      
       media reporter David Lieberman, Whiting has been with the company since
      she entered the workforce after college. "I was just
      extraordinarily fortunate to end up in a company in that first job where
      there was a nice connection between what I wanted to do and what they
      needed me to do," she said of her longevity at Nielsen in an
      interview with Linda Moss for 
      
        Multichannel News
      
      .
    

      Whiting was born in Chicago in 1956, and grew up in Wisconsin, where her
      father owned an air courier business. "We had an airstrip and two
      planes in our backyard," she told Steve McClellan in 
      
        Broadcasting & Cable
      
      , which were useful when her father later founded a crop-dusting equipment
      manufacturing company. At Denison University in Granville, Ohio, she
      studied economics, and soon after her 1978 graduation began her career
      with the A.C. Nielsen Company of Chicago as a management trainee. Nielsen
      was a family-owned company at the time, founded in 1923 by Arthur C.
      Nielsen as a consumer-research organization. It ventured into television
      ratings in the earliest years of the medium, tracking viewers'
      watching habits as a way to gauge the potential market for advertisers.
      Over the years the company became the de facto leader in calculating
      ratings for the television networks and their programming.
    

      Whiting began at Nielsen just as the company was venturing into the
      measurement of cable-television audiences. In 1980, she joined its new
      business development unit, and was heading that department within a few
      years. She advanced to the position of 
      vice president and marketing manager with Nielsen Home Video Index in
      1986, and then became senior vice president and director of marketing for
      it in 1993. In 1996, the A.C. Nielsen Company spun off its Nielsen Media
      Research into a stand-alone entity, and a year later Whiting was appointed
      general manager of its National Services and Emerging Markets at Nielsen
      Media Research. She became president and chief operating officer of
      Nielsen Media Research in 2001, and a year later rose to the top job at
      the company, that of chief executive officer. By this point both Nielsen
      Media Research and the Nielsen Company itself were a subsidiaries of VNU,
      a Dutch holding company for various media properties.
    

      Nielsen Media Research, based in New York City, is one of the most
      influential companies in the entertainment business, serving as the
      gatekeeper to an estimated $70 billion business in advertising revenues
      for the broadcast and cable networks. Nielsen tallies television audiences
      via diaries issued to a sampling of U.S. households, and also uses an
      array of electronic-measurement devices. Nielsen
      ratings—technically known as "audience
      estimates"—calculate how many Americans are watching a
      television show, and the fortunes of entire networks rise and fall
      depending on the numbers. They are a significant factor in revenue for the
      networks, since ratings numbers dictate how much a network can charge for
      advertising time. Originally, the Nielsen families submitted forms filled
      out by viewers four times a year, and those periods became known as the
      sweeps weeks. In the late 1980s, the company began installing
      "people meters" on television sets of Nielsen households,
      which transmitted viewing habits back to headquarters for tallying. This
      was combined with a hand-held device, a portable people meter, which
      determined what individual household members were watching. The
      "overnights," or morning-after tallies of viewers for
      television episodes, are often the first documents of the day that
      television executives examine, sometimes as soon as they rise out of bed.
    

      In 2005, Whiting became president and chief executive officer of
      VNU's Media Measurement and Information, but a year later a group
      of private investors bought VNU and the entire property became known as
      the Nielsen Company once again. Whiting's title after that was
      executive vice president of The Nielsen Company and chair of Nielsen Media
      Research after January of 2007. Her realm includes all divisions that
      monitor television audiences, Internet usage, feature-film box-office
      receipts, and sales of recorded music and books. She described her job to
      Lieberman in 
      
        USA Today
      
       as "a combination of trying to lead a company in change in an
      industry in change. It's much more complicated than people
      think." Asked about Nielsen's future direction, she
      mentioned its Project Apollo, which would track "what media were
      you exposed to and therefore what products you bought," in an
      interview with Coco Masters in 
      
        Time
      
      . This would be gauged when "people scan all their product
      purchases and also have a [portable people meter] that keeps track of what
      media they're exposed to."
    

      Whiting has spent her entire career with the same company, making her one
      of the rare twenty-first century corporate titans with such an endurance
      record. She credited her rise to the help of some wise mentors over the
      years. "One of the pieces of advice I got was to make sure that
      whomever you are working for actually knows what you've
      accomplished," she said in the interview with 
      
        USA Today
      
      's Lieberman. "Don't assume that they know, or that
      the people above them know. But you've got to do that in a way that
      you're comfortable with. I'm not a very in-your-face kind of
      person." She described her own management style as an
      individual-oriented approach. "I like to talk to people, to get a
      lot of information, process it, and come out with a position," she
      told Lieberman. "I like to think you can be smart and nice."
    



      Sources
    


        Periodicals
      



        Broadcasting & Cable
      
      , September 1, 2003, p. 13; May 31, 2004, p. 2.
    


        Multichannel News
      
      , January 27, 2003, p. 26B.
    


        New York Times
      
      , June 18, 2005.
    


        Time
      
      , February 13, 2006, p. A18.
    


        USA Today
      
      , March 27, 2006, p. 3B.
    


        Online
      


      "Susan D. Whiting," Nielsen.com, 
      
        http://www.nielsen.com/about/whiting.html
      
       (May 9, 2007).
    











User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
Susan Whiting Biography forum


 
				Tensie Whelan Biography

				 Shelley Winters Biography
				  





































































        Nielsen Vice Chair Susan D. Whiting to Retire
    




































X
























MENU










































Press Room











Nielsen Vice Chair Susan D. Whiting to Retire







10-01-2013






 
 



submit





 

 




NEW YORK - Oct. 1, 2013 – Nielsen Holdings N.V. (NYSE: NLSN), a leading global provider of information and insights into what consumers watch and buy, today announced that Vice Chair Susan D. Whiting has decided to retire at end of this calendar year after a 35 year career with the company.
Following graduation from Denison University, Whiting joined Nielsen as the first woman hired into the company’s inaugural media management training program. Over more than three decades, Whiting progressed into key leadership roles with wide-ranging responsibilities, such as President and CEO of U.S. media, Chairman of global media measurement and global Executive Vice President. Whiting was appointed to her role as Vice Chair in 2008, leading global client relations, communications, marketing, public and government affairs, corporate social responsibility, and diversity initiatives.
“I want to express my deep appreciation to Susan for her partnership these past seven years and most especially for all she has given Nielsen for more than three decades,” said David Calhoun, CEO, Nielsen.
Whiting has been at the forefront of many firsts during her career. She had a hand in the creation of various research approaches, such as guiding Nielsen through its transitioning to measurement of a multi-channel, multi-screen world, establishing a global media measurement business, and convening representative External Advisory Committees to ensure diverse consumer voices are heard.
“I’ve been very proud to have had the entirety of my professional life spent as a member of the Nielsen family,” said Whiting. “My career at Nielsen has been enriching both because of the wonderful talent of my colleagues but also because of the tremendous changes the media industry has and continues to experience.”
About Nielsen
Nielsen Holdings N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global information and measurement company with leading market positions in marketing and consumer information, television and other media measurement, online intelligence and mobile measurement. Nielsen has a presence in approximately 100 countries, with headquarters in New York, USA and Diemen, the Netherlands. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com.
Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer
This news release includes information that could constitute forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘will’, ‘expect’, ‘should’, ‘could’, ‘shall’ and similar expressions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and events could differ materially from what presently is expected. Factors leading thereto may include without limitations general economic conditions, conditions in the markets Nielsen is engaged in, behavior of customers, suppliers and competitors, technological developments, as well as legal and regulatory rules affecting Nielsen’s business and specific risk factors discussed in other releases and public filings made by the Company (including the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission). This list of factors is not intended to be exhaustive. Such forward-looking statements only speak as of the date of this press release, and we assume no obligation to update any written or oral forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf as a result of new information, future events, or other factors.
CONTACTS:

Media Relations: Kristie Bouryal, kristie.bouryal@nielsen.com, +1 646-654-5577
Investor Relations: Kate Vanek, kate.vanek@nielsen.com, +1 646-654-4593












 
 



submit





























Related Solutions




Related News





Related Reports













					
                    	Interested in learning more?
                    	
Contact Us







































Susan Whiting Risley - Cumberland Center, ME | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Susan Whiting Risley in Cumberland Center, ME


Susan Whiting Risley

                                                                                       Intelius found that Susan Whiting Risley  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Cumberland Center, ME.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Susan B Whiting
Susan D Whiting


Get Report Now

Age

Susan Whiting Risley is in her 50s

Susan Has Lived In

Cumberland Center, ME
Brookline, MA
San Francisco, CA

Susan's Relatives

Christopher Risley







Susan Whiting Risley



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Credentials Manager, Mss at California Pacific Medical Center



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Susan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Susan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Susan Whiting Risley
Get a Criminal Check on Susan Whiting Risley
Get a Public Record Report on Susan Whiting Risley
Get a People Search Report on Susan Whiting Risley


Susan Whiting Risley's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Susan Whiting Risley has lived as well as Susan Whiting Risley's phone numbers and email addresses.




Susan Whiting Risley Has Lived in 3 States
Maine Address for Susan Whiting Risley


15 A**** C**** R* 

Cumberland Center, ME


Has Lived In

Cumberland Center, ME
Brookline, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Susan Whiting Risley

(415) ***-****
(831) ***-**** - Santa Cruz, CA 
(207) ***-**** - Cumberland Center, ME 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Susan Whiting Risley

s**********y@***.com
l********y@***.com


Get Email Report




Susan Whiting Risley's Professional Information
Information regarding Susan Whiting Risley's professional history.  Find out previous places Susan Whiting Risley has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Susan Whiting Risley Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: California Pacific Medical Center
               Title: Credentials Manager, Mss
Susan Whiting Risley's Experience
Title: Credentials Manager, Mss
               Company: California Pacific Medical Center
Job Details
               The California Pacific Medical Center is comprised of the four oldest hospitals in San Francisco: Children's Hospital, Davies Medical Center, Presbyterian Medical Center, and St. Luke's Hospital. California Pacific Medical Center is one of the largest private, not-for-profit, academic medical centers in California and is a Sutter Health affiliate. Through their innovative medical education program and the CPMC Research Institute, physicians are able to bring health care innovation doctors across the globe.
Additional Professional Information on Susan Whiting Risley

 See Susan Whiting Risley's LinkedIn Profile



Susan Whiting Risley's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Susan Whiting Risley


Susan Whiting Risley's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Susan Whiting Risley's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Susan Risley
Username Matches

                  SusanRisley
                  RisleySusan
                  Susan.Risley
                  Risley.Susan
                  Susan_Risley
                  Risley_Susan
                  Susan-Risley
                  Risley-Susan
                  SRisley
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Risley







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Insider Trading - Whiting Susan D - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Whiting Susan D





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-11-10Purchase
2015-11-1211:01 am
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
2,700
$57.5
$155,244
2,800(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-13Option Award
2016-10-1712:44 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
403
$37.23
10,773(Direct)
View


2016-07-14Option Award
2016-07-1810:59 am
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
381
$39.34
10,292(Direct)
View


2016-04-14Option Award
2016-04-155:29 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
207
$72.62
4,936(Direct)
View


2016-01-14Option Award
2016-01-205:19 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
240
$62.63
4,688(Direct)
View


2015-10-08Option Award
2015-10-1312:06 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
564
$58.94
4,407(Direct)
View


2015-08-14Option Award
2015-08-186:10 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
34
$61.74
3,843(Direct)
View


2015-07-10Option Award
2015-07-1412:18 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
558
$59.59
3,809(Direct)
View


2015-05-15Option Award
2015-05-202:13 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
29
$61
3,251(Direct)
View


2015-04-10Option Award
2015-04-221:53 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
532
$62.51
3,222(Direct)
View


2015-04-10Option Award
2015-04-143:43 pm
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
532
$62.51
3,222(Direct)
View


2015-02-13Option Award
2015-02-1811:27 am
N/AN/A
Alliant Energy Corp
LNT
Whiting Susan DDirector
23
$63.57
2,690(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 02:04:24 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








    Susan Whiting | The Nielsen Company | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















2007 Pu-Z






 








World Biography
 2007 Pu-Z 


Theodore Puck Biography
Born Theodore Thomas Puckowitz, September 24, 1916, in Chicago, IL; died of complications from a fall, November 6, 2005, in Denver, CO. Biologist. 
Kirby Puckett Biography
Born March 14, 1960, in Chicago, IL; died of a stroke, March 6, 2006, in Phoenix, AZ. Professional baseball player. 
Daniel Radcliffe Biography
Born Daniel Jacob Radcliffe, July 23, 1989, in Fulham, England; son of Alan Radcliffe (a literary agent) and Marcia Gresham (a casting agent).
Estelle R. Ramey Biography
Born Stella Rosemary Rubin, August 23, 1917, in Detroit, MI; died of complications from Alzheimer's disease, September 8, 2006, in Bethesda, MD. Endocrinologist. 
Lou Rawls Biography
Born Louis Allen Rawls, December 1, 1933, in Chicago, IL; died of lung and brain cancer, January 6, 2006, in Los Angeles, CA. Singer. 
Rachael Ray Biography
Born Rachael Domenica Ray, August 25, 1968, in Cape Cod, MA; daughter of Jim Ray (a publisher) and Elsa Scuderi (a restaurateur); married John Cusimano (an attorney), September 24, 2005.
Kathleen J. Reichs Biography
Born Kathleen Joan Toelle, July 7, 1948, in Chicago, Illinois; married Paul Reichs (an attorney), 1968; children: two daughters, one son. Education: American University, undergraduate degree; Northwestern University, Ph.D.
Ruth Rendell Biography
Born Ruth Barbara Grasemann, February 17, 1930, in London, England; daughter of Arthur (a teacher) and Ebba Elise (a teacher; maiden name, Kruse) Grasemann; married Donald John Rendell, 1950 (divorced, 1975; remarried, 1977; died, 1999); children: Simon.
Peter Rice Biography
Born c. 1967 in United Kingdom. 
Lloyd Richards Biography
Born Lloyd George Richards, June 29, 1919, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada; died of heart failure, June 29, 2006, in New York, NY. Theater director. 
Peter Robinson Biography
Born March 17, 1950, in Castleford, Yorkshire, England; son of Clifford Robinson (a photographer) and Miriam Jarvis (a homemaker); married Sheila Halladay (an attorney). Education: University of Leeds, B.A. 
Michael F. Roizen Biography
Born January 7, 1946, in Buffalo, NY; son of Manus (an advertising agency owner) and Edith (a teacher and homemaker) Roizen; married Nancy J. Mrazek (a pediatrician), April 15, 1975; children: Jeffrey, Jennifer. 
Henry Rollins Biography
Born Henry Lawrence Garfield, February 13, 1961, in Washington, D.C.; son of Iris. Education: Attended American University in Washington, D.C.
Rebecca Romijn Biography
Born November 6, 1972, in Berkeley, CA; daughter of Jaap Romijn (a furniture designer) and Elizabeth Kuizenga (a teacher); married John Stamos (an actor), September 19, 1998 (divorced, March, 2005); married Jerry O'Connell (an actor), July 14, 2007. Education: Attended the University of California—Santa Cruz, c. 
Ronaldinho Biography
Born Ronaldo de Assis Moreira, March 21, 1980, in Porta Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil; became naturalized Spanish citizen, January, 2007; son of João (a shipyard welder and soccer player) and Miguelina (a nurse) de Assis Moreira; children: João (son).
Charlotte Ronson Biography
Born c. 1977, in London, England; daughter of Laurence Ronson (a real estate developer) and Ann Dexter-Jones (an author). 
Joseph J. Rosenthal Biography
Born on October 9, 1911, in Washington, DC; died August 20, 2006, in Novato, CA. Photographer. 
Ibrahim Rugova Biography
Born December 2, 1944, in Cerrcë, Kosovo; died of lung cancer, January 21, 2006, in Pristina, Kosovo. President of Kosovo. 
Kurt Russell Biography
Born March 17, 1951, in Springfield, MA; son of Bing Russell (an actor and baseball player); married Season Hubley (divorced); companion of Goldie Hawn (an actress), 1983–; children: Boston Oliver Grant (from first marriage), Wyatt (with Hawn).
Nipsey Russell Biography
Born Julius Russell, October 13, 1924, in Atlanta, GA; died of cancer, October 2, 2005, in New York, NY. Comedian and actor. 
Mary Sammons Biography
Born October 12, 1946, in Portland, OR; daughter of Lee W. and Ann (Cherry) Jackson; married Nickolas F. 
Craig Sams Biography
Born in 1944 in Nebraska; son of Ken Sams; married Josephine Fairley (a journalist and organic-food company executive). Education: Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, B.S., c. 
Katharine Jefferts Schori Biography
Born March 26, 1954, in Pensacola, FL; daughter of an atomic physicist/astrophysicist and microbiologist; married Richard Schori (a theoretical mathematician), 1979; children: Katharine Johanna. Education: Stanford University, B.S., 1974; Oregon State University, M.S., 1977, Ph.D., 1983; Church Divinity School of the Pacific, M.Div., 1994.
Liev Schreiber Biography
Born Isaac Liev Schreiber, October 4, 1967, in San Francisco, CA; son of Tell (an actor and director) and Heather (a painter and cab driver; maiden name, Milgram) Schreiber; children: Alexander Pete (with Naomi Watts). Education: Attended Hampshire College, mid-1980s; attended Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, London, England; Yale University School of Drama, M.F.A., 1992.
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf Biography
Born Olga Maria Elisabeth Frederike Schwarzkopf, December 9, 1915, in Jarotschin, Germany; died August 3, 2006, in Schruns, Austria. Opera singer. 
Bryan Singer Biography
Born Bryan Jay Singer, September 17, 1965, in New York, NY; son of Norbert (a businessman) and Grace (an environmental activist) Singer. Education: Graduated from the University of Southern California School of Cinema-Television, 1989.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf Biography
Born October 29, 1938, in Monrovia, Liberia; married James Sirleaf, c. 1955 (divorced); children: four sons. 
Ron Snyder Biography
Born c. 1956; married Kim; children: Allison, twins Ashley and Brett. 
Aaron Spelling Biography
Born April 22, 1923, in Dallas, TX; died of complications from a stroke, June 23, 2006, in Los Angeles, CA. Television producer. 
Mickey Spillane Biography
Born Frank Morrison Spillane, March 9, 1918, in Brooklyn, NY; died of pancreatic cancer, July 17, 2006, in Murrells Inlet, SC. Author. 
Eliot Spitzer Biography
Born Eliot Laurence Spitzer, June 10, 1959, in New York, NY; son of Bernard (a real estate developer) and Anne (a literature professor) Spitzer; married Silda Wall (an attorney and philanthropic foundation executive), 1987; children: Elyssa, Sarabeth, Jenna. Education: Earned degree from Princeton University, 1981; Harvard Law School, J.D., 1984.
Maureen Stapleton Biography
Born Lois Maureen Stapleton, June 21, 1925, in Troy, NY; died of complications from respiratory ailments, March 13, 2006, in Lenox, MA. Actress. 
John Stefanidis Biography
Born in 1937 in Alexandria, Egypt. Education: Earned degree in English from Brasenose College of Oxford University.
Rod Stewart Biography
Born January 10, 1945, in London, England; married Alana Hamilton (a model), 1979 (divorced, 1984); married Rachel Hunter (a model), 1991 (divorced, 2006); children: Kimberly, Sean (from first marriage), Ruby (with Kelly Emberg), Renee, Liam (from second marriage), Alastair (with Penny Lancaster).
Alfredo Stroessner Biography
Born Alfredo Stroessner Matiauda, November 3, 1912, in Encarnación, Paraguay; died of a stroke after a hernia operation, August 16, 2006, in Brasilia, Brazil. Dictator. 
Wanda Sykes Biography
Born March 7, 1964, in Portsmouth, VA; married, 1992 (divorced, 1998). Education: Attended community college for two years; Hampton University, B.S., 1986.
Pamela Thomas-Graham Biography
Born Pamela Thomas in 1963, in Detroit, MI; married Lawrence Otis Graham (an author and attorney), 1992; children: Gordon Julian Thomas, a set of twins. Education: Harvard, B.A. 
Timbaland Biography
Born Timothy Z. Mosley, March 10, 1971; son of Garland (an Amtrak employee) and Latrice (ran a homeless shelter) Mosley.
Iva Toguri Biography
Born July 4, 1916, in Los Angeles, CA; died September 26, 2006, in Chicago, IL. Radio announcer. 
James Van Allen Biography
Born September 7, 1914, in Mount Pleasant, IA; died of heart failure, August 9, 2006, in Iowa City, IA. Scientist. 
Dwyane Wade Biography
Born Dwyane Tyrone Wade, Jr., January 17, 1982, in Chicago, IL; son of Dwyane Sr. and Jolinda Wade; married Siohvaugn Fuches, 2002; children: Zaire (son). 
Jack Warden Biography
Born John Lebzelter, September 18, 1920, in Newark, NJ; died July 19, 2006, in New York, NY. Actor. 
Caspar Weinberger Biography
Born Caspar Willard Weinberger, August 18, 1917, in San Francisco, CA; died of pneumonia, March 28, 2006, in Bangor, ME. U.S. 
William Weldon Biography
Born November 26, 1948, in New York, New York; son of a union stagehand and a costumer; married Barbara Dearborn; children: one son, one daughter. Education: Quinnipiac University, Hamden, CT, B.S., 1971.
Tensie Whelan Biography
Born May 20, 1960, in New York, NY; daughter of Sidney S. (an attorney) and Carol (a systems consultant; maiden name, Storke) Whelan; married Johan Ashubud (an activist), December 9, 1987 (died, 1988); married second husband; children: Lora-Faye (from first marriage). 
Susan Whiting Biography
Born August 1, 1956, in Chicago, IL; daughter of Lawrence H. Whiting Jr. 
Shelley Winters Biography
Born Shirley Schrift, August 18, 1920, in St. Louis, MO; died of heart failure, January 14, 2006, in Beverly Hills, CA. 
Patricia A. Woertz Biography
Born March 17, 1953, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; daughter of Chuck (a businessman) and Vi (a librarian) Woertz; married (divorced); children: three. Education: Pennsylvania State University, B.S. 
John Wren Biography
Born c. 1952, in New York; married; children: two. 
Muhammad Yunus Biography
Born June 28, 1940, in Chittagong, Bangladesh; son of Hazi Dula Mia Shoudagar (a jeweler) and Sufia Khatun Yunus; married Vera Forostenko (divorced); married Afrozi (a physics professor); children: Monica (with Forostenko). Education: Attended Chittagong College, mid-1950s; Dhaka University, B.A., 1960, M.A., 1961; Vanderbilt University, Ph.D., 1969.


















Susan Whiting | The Nielsen Company | The Nielsen Company











Susan Whiting Bio
Publications
Articles
Resources
Sitemap


Press Releases
Whiting: Chief Diversity Officer
Whiting: New Board Member
Whiting: Keynote Speaker
Whiting Focuses on the Future


Susan Whiting
Vice Chair,  Nielsen 


Susan D. Whiting is Vice Chair of Nielsen. She was appointed to this   role in November 2008. She was also named Chief Diversity Officer in   October 2010.  As Vice Chair, Susan has responsibility for global client   relations, communications and marketing, public and government affairs,   corporate social responsibility, and Nielsen's diversity initiatives.
 She joined Nielsen in 1978 as part of the company's management   training program. In her decades-long tenure, Susan has served as   president and chief executive officer of Nielsen's television and   advertising business in the U.S. and internationally, and as Chairman of   Nielsen's global media business. She also served as Executive Vice   President of Nielsen, with marketing and product leadership   responsibilities for all global Nielsen business units. Throughout her   career, Susan has received numerous awards and recognition. 
Susan serves on several boards, including the Ad Council, the YMCA of   Greater New York, and The Trust for Public Land.  In addition, she   serves as a member of The Women at NBCU Advisory Board and is a vice   chair on the Corporate Fund Board of the Kennedy Center of Performing   Arts. She is also chair of the Board of Trustees for Chicago's Peggy   Notebaert Nature Museum and a member of the Economic Club of Chicago,   the International Women's Forum and the Chicago Women's Network.
Susan graduated from Denison University and currently serves as trustee of the University.




Disclaimer: This site does not necessarily reflect the viewpoints of Susan Whiting or her affiliates. All rights reserved.



 



Susan Whiting, Executive Vice President, Nielsen Media Research | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Susan Whiting


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Susan Whiting

Susan D. Whiting



Executive Vice President, Nielsen Media Research




New York, NY




Find other people named Susan Whiting




General Info


Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Susan D. Whiting
 Executive Vice President, The Nielsen Company
 Chairman, Nielsen Media Research
 Susan Whiting is Executive Vice President of The Nielsen Company with responsibility for global marketing and product leadership efforts across the organization. Nielsen is the world’s leading provider of marketing information and audience measurement services, including music, movies, books, home entertainment, videogames, mobile, and the Internet; plus business media products and services. She also serves as Chairman of Nielsen Media Research, the world-famous television ratings company.
Susan joined Nielsen Media Research in 1978 as part of the company’s management training program. The following year she was assigned to a unit developing new approaches for measuring an emerging medium – cable television. Since then, Susan has worked in every aspect of the business. 
In 2001, Susan was named president and chief operating officer of Nielsen Media Research, and assumed responsibility for day-to-day management of the company. Within nine months she assumed the role of CEO as well as president. 
Susan was given the added title of Executive Vice President of Media Measurement and Information for parent company VNU in 2005, with overall responsibility for the group’s business units, including Nielsen Media Research, Nielsen Media Research International, Media Solutions, and Nielsen Entertainment. 
In 2007, Susan was appointed Chairman of Nielsen Media Research; and her responsibilities as Executive Vice President have been expanded to cover all business units of The Nielsen Company (formerly known as VNU). 
Susan serves as a member of The Nielsen Company’s Executive Council and is a member of the Board of Directors for Wilmington Trust Corporation, YMCA of Greater New York, and the International Radio & Television Society Foundation, Inc. 
Susan was recognized in 2007 by Crain’s New York Business as one of its 100 Most Influential Women in New York City business and by The Wall Street Journal in their “Women to Watch” series. She was named one of Multichannel News’ Wonder Women in 2003. She also has been a past recipient of the Humanitarian Award from the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society and the Outstanding Female Role Model award from the NBA Wives Association. Susan is a member of the Board of Trustees of Chicago’s Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum, and a trustee of Denison University. She is also past president of the Connecticut Women’s Forum. 
Susan Whiting graduated from Denison University with a BA, cum laude, in Economics. She also received the Alumni Citation from Denison.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Susan Whitings on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.nielsenmedia.com/



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Nielsen Media Research

Executive Vice President





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Nielsen Media Research








Ruth Peterkin










Dave Thomas

President









Craig Pavolonis










Donna Stites










Jemelle Wilds










Vasunageswara Ravi










Mark Tribbia










Dave Harkness

Senior Vice President









Kelley Wood

VP, GTIC Technical Services









Howard Shimmel

Senior Vice President, Client Insights
















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Summary




Career




Website/Blog




Industry




Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Photo



Add Education



Add a Video



Add a Social Network



Add 3 Achievements



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1001d33f57" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/susan-whiting-3e1429c09e597c1001d33f57">Susan Whiting</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Susan.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More




SUSAN D WHITING MS - CHICAGO, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



CHICAGO



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SUSAN D WHITING MS
                                    



 





















S 


SUSAN D WHITING MS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1430 N LAKE SHORE DR 10 CHICAGO, IL 60610
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Susan D Whiting Ms was founded in 2010, and is located at 1430 N Lake Shore Dr 10 in Chicago. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















































Susan D. Whiting | The Trust for Public Land



























































Skip to main content






 









Our Work
How we work
#OurLand
About
Blog
Media Room
Donate
 















How we work
Blog
Media room
Magazine
Support us
 




Search form
Search
Search 





 



















HOME
OUR WORK
#OurLand
ABOUT
DONATE
 















You are hereHome/About/Susan D. Whiting






                  Susan D. Whiting                














  
  
 Background and expertise: C-level executive and board director working with multinational corporate and not-for-profit organizations in the United States; served for the past decade as top advisor and director for consumer, technology, and financial services companies, working with executive leadership, external business partners, clients, and investors; currently serves on the board of directors for Alliant Energy Corporation and DJE Holdings; actively involved in several community, educational, and environmental organizations, including Denison University and as the chair of the board of the The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum; served as vice chair at Nielsen; retired from the company in January 2014, after a 35-year career; known for building Nielsen's most visible franchise in television measurement during the cable, telecommunications, and media industries' digital transition; currently resides in Chicago and Wisconsin with her children.
Why I believe protecting land and creating parks: "Green spaces and parks have a unique ability to transform cities and urban spaces, inspiring people-both young and old-to be a part of their community. We need to preserve the land for all those who come after us. It is our national legacy."
Why I support The Trust for Public Land: "I support The Trust for Public Land because I believe in its core mission. I also believe it is our civic duty to protect our environment for future generations."
  

 










   

 



















How we work

Plan
Fund
Protect
Create
 






Research

Research library
Parkscore.tpl.org
Landvote.org
Conservationalmanac.org
Conservationeasement.us
 






About

Board members
Leadership
Jobs
Financials
Offices
Contact
 






Support us

Donate online
Planned Giving
Donor-advised fund
Campaigns near you
Corporate partnerships
Our ratings
Shop
Travel
 












Where we work

Working from more than 30 offices nationwide, The Trust for Public Land helps communities raise funds, conduct research and planning, acquire and protect land, and design and renovate parks, playgrounds, trails, and gardens.Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Louisiana
Maine
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Montana
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Tennessee
Texas
U.S. Virgin Islands
Utah
Vermont
Washington
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 














Follow us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagramLinkedin








Join our email list


Your Email *





 

 











The Trust for Public Land is an IRS approved 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. All donations are tax deductible to the extent provided by law. Our Federal Identification Number (EIN) is 23-7222333.
	©2016 The Trust for Public LandAccreditation application announcement









Legal disclosure and terms of use
| Privacy policy






















































Susan D. Whiting | The Trust for Public Land



























































Skip to main content






 









Our Work
How we work
#OurLand
About
Blog
Media Room
Donate
 















How we work
Blog
Media room
Magazine
Support us
 




Search form
Search
Search 





 



















HOME
OUR WORK
#OurLand
ABOUT
DONATE
 















You are hereHome/About/Susan D. Whiting






                  Susan D. Whiting                














  
  
 Background and expertise: C-level executive and board director working with multinational corporate and not-for-profit organizations in the United States; served for the past decade as top advisor and director for consumer, technology, and financial services companies, working with executive leadership, external business partners, clients, and investors; currently serves on the board of directors for Alliant Energy Corporation and DJE Holdings; actively involved in several community, educational, and environmental organizations, including Denison University and as the chair of the board of the The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum; served as vice chair at Nielsen; retired from the company in January 2014, after a 35-year career; known for building Nielsen's most visible franchise in television measurement during the cable, telecommunications, and media industries' digital transition; currently resides in Chicago and Wisconsin with her children.
Why I believe protecting land and creating parks: "Green spaces and parks have a unique ability to transform cities and urban spaces, inspiring people-both young and old-to be a part of their community. We need to preserve the land for all those who come after us. It is our national legacy."
Why I support The Trust for Public Land: "I support The Trust for Public Land because I believe in its core mission. I also believe it is our civic duty to protect our environment for future generations."
  

 










   

 



















How we work

Plan
Fund
Protect
Create
 






Research

Research library
Parkscore.tpl.org
Landvote.org
Conservationalmanac.org
Conservationeasement.us
 






About

Board members
Leadership
Jobs
Financials
Offices
Contact
 






Support us

Donate online
Planned Giving
Donor-advised fund
Campaigns near you
Corporate partnerships
Our ratings
Shop
Travel
 












Where we work

Working from more than 30 offices nationwide, The Trust for Public Land helps communities raise funds, conduct research and planning, acquire and protect land, and design and renovate parks, playgrounds, trails, and gardens.Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Louisiana
Maine
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Montana
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Tennessee
Texas
U.S. Virgin Islands
Utah
Vermont
Washington
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 














Follow us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagramLinkedin








Join our email list


Your Email *





 

 











The Trust for Public Land is an IRS approved 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. All donations are tax deductible to the extent provided by law. Our Federal Identification Number (EIN) is 23-7222333.
	©2016 The Trust for Public LandAccreditation application announcement









Legal disclosure and terms of use
| Privacy policy




















