










 


    T.M. Enright | White Winston Select Asset Funds LLC | ZoomInfo.com










 













 




 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other


























About Us | White Winston Select Asset Funds


















Experienced Debt Investors
Our partners have been investing in the public and private debt markets since the mid-1980s. Collectively, the fund’s partners and professionals have been responsible for structuring, underwriting, and closing over $300 million worth of investment transactions. 


Our breadth of experience in complex debt investing is an invaluable resource to our portfolio companies. Our commitment to meeting the capitalization needs of those companies has created lasting relationships that endure long after our initial investment. 

Testimonial“With the investment provided byWhite Winston, we were ableto improve our company’s long term business prospects through access to capital not available through trad-itional sources.” OverviewOur experience in complex debt transactions helps provide insight into structuring innovative financing solutions for companies seeking capital under difficult financial circumstances.


























Asset Funds | White Winston Select Asset Funds

















Viewing News Posted Under:   Asset Funds

August 1, 2016
White Winston Provides Credit Facility to Multimedia Platforms, Inc.

White Winston announced that it has closed a debt financing with Multimedia Platforms, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”). The Company is a multimedia, technology, and publishing company that delivers content and advertising to consumers in the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) community. The Company publishes several digital and traditional media publications including: […]


July 31, 2016
White Winston Portfolio Company Golden Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLDC) sold at 260% Premium to White Winston’s share cost basis.

On July 19, 2016, Golden Enterprises, Inc. (the “Company”) announced that it had executed a definitive merger agreement with Utz Quality Foods, Inc. (“Utz”) where Utz agreed to purchase all the issued and outstanding shares of the Company for $12.00 per share in cash. The sale represented a 71% premium of the average 30-day closing […]


April 4, 2016
White Winston Provides Financing for Professional Diversity Network. (NASDAQ: IPDN)

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced it has executed a $5.0 Million Dollar Master Credit Facility Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the “Company.”) The financing is to be made available to the Company based upon certain advance formulas and working capital needs, each as set forth in the […]


February 9, 2016
White Winston Exits Olly Shoes Investment

White Winston announced that it had successfully exited its $4.5M debt investment in Olly Shoes, an innovator in the US and Canadian children’s footwear market. The Olly’s investment represents White Winston’s active structured debt practice where it provides investment capital and restructuring expertise to public and private companies experiencing critical events in their lifecycle.


November 6, 2015
White Winston Provides Acquisition Financing for Mt. Snow Limited and Peak Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ: SKIS)

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced that it has provided certain acquisition financing for Mt. Snow Limited and Peak Resorts, Inc. (collectively the “Company.”) The funds were utilized by the Company to acquire certain assets related to the Company’s $50M Carinthia Ski Lodge/West Lake expansion and development project at its Mt. Snow […]


November 2, 2015
White Winston Reaches Director Nomination Agreement with Golden Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLDC)

On October 30, 2015, Golden Enterprises, Inc (NASDAQ: GLDC) (the “Company”) announced that it reached a Director Nomination Agreement (the “Agreement”) with White Winston Select Asset Funds GF-14, LLC (“White Winston”). The Agreement provides that White Winston will be granted the right to nominate a member to the Company’s Board of Directors (which will increase […]


August 7, 2015
White Winston Acquires Stake in Golden Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLDC)

On August 7, 2015, White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC and affiliates filed a Schedule 13D with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission indicating that, as of August 5, 2015, White Winston Select Asset Fund GF-14, LLC (the “Fund”) had acquired 565,000 shares of shares of the Common Stock (par value $0.66 2/3) of […]


June 17, 2015
White Winston Provides Interim Working Capital Facility

White Winston announced that it has closed an interim working capital facility for English Cut Limited. Founded in 2005 by Thomas Mahon, English Cut is an innovator in the bespoke suiting industry. Prior to founding English Cut, “Tom” had been the youngest cutter at Anderson & Sheppard where he was also the personal cutter for […]


February 1, 2015
White Winston Provides Structured Credit Facility and Debt Recapitalization

White Winston announced that it has closed a debt recapitalization financing with Olly Shoes. Founded in 2001, Olly Shoes is an innovator in children’s footwear business operating stores in both the United States and Canada. The company utilizes patented footwear technology to deliver a unique shopping experience dedicated solely to children’s footwear.


December 12, 2014
White Winston To Provide Recapitalization Financing

White Winston announced that it has reached a preliminary agreement to provide up to $5 Million Dollars of debt capital to Olly Shoes. The financing is proposed to be advanced in conjunction with a corporate recapitalization of Olly. White Winston and Olly’s management anticipate the funding will close in early 2015.



Categories

Asset Funds

Investing

The Markets

Uncategorized




Archives

May 2017
February 2017
November 2016
August 2016
July 2016
April 2016
February 2016
November 2015
August 2015
June 2015
February 2015
December 2014
August 2014
December 2013
November 2013
September 2013
July 2013
May 2013
April 2013
February 2013
December 2012
November 2012
September 2012
June 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012



Search


































Contact Us | White Winston Select Asset Funds


















Contact

Inquires regarding investment consideration may be made with any of our fund’s partners or at [email protected]. Administrative, processing, and general inquires should be made to our business offices in Salt Lake City, Utah.



ADDRESS
White Winston Select Asset Funds

265 Franklin Street
Suite 1702
Boston, MA 02110-3144
617.274.5610



MEDIA INQUIRIES

For media inquires, please contact
[email protected].

































Investments | White Winston Select Asset Funds


















Investments

We invest in a diverse range of companies in a variety of industries. We welcome the opportunity to consider new investments in well-managed companies.



KEY INVESTMENTS





QVL Pharmacy Holdings, Inc.
        We acted a lead-investor for a $4.9 Million Dollar Convertible Debt investment in this specialty pharmacy retailer. QVL owns and operates 10 Pharmacy locations throughout Texas and Louisiana and the investment was utilized by QVL for its working capital and expansion plan. 






Peak Resorts
        We funded the purchase of certain recovered assets to one of the largest ski-area owners in the United States. Our investment allowed the purchase of assets by Peak Resorts that were recovered by an affiliate related to a prior financing.






The Wolters Comapnies
        Our $2.5 million debt investment was specifically used for the purpose of funding a substantial eminent domain lawsuit. Our investment provided capital for legal experts and other expenses related to the complex litigation.





TexasRX
        We provided a $2.5 Million structured acquisition and working capital facility for this expanding specialty retailor. Our funding combined an innovative financial structure that enabled the company to close multiple acquisitions through the utilization of an equity-swap and redemption structure that included mandatory redemption and participation features.  






Jacoby and Meyers
        In 1997, our partner’s fund purchased and restructured $8 million of John Hancock Ventures debt in Jacoby & Meyers, a national pioneer in the plaintiff’s law industry. Over the next 10 years, the fund provided a series of investments culminating with a company joint venture that retired the fund’s investment in 2010.





PRIOR INVESTMENTS








































Our Professionals | White Winston Select Asset Funds


















Experienced Debt Investors
Our fund is comprised of several partners and professionals with decades of experience in private equity, investment banking, and commercial finance. We also have a team of seasoned industry executives who provide us with industryexpertise on both a direct and an advisory basis. Our fund was established with the intent of bringing together creative and experienced investment professionals with significant expertise in their respective investment disciplines. 



























Recent News | White Winston Select Asset Funds | Our breadth of experience in complex debt investing is an invaluable resource to our portfolio companies.

















Latest news

May 11, 2017
White Winston Extends Credit Facility to the Arena Football League

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced it has amended its current credit facility with Arena Football Once, LLC (the “Company”) to provide the league with additional working capital for its expansion and restructuring efforts. The Company operates the Arena Football League and has recently launched its AFLNow OTT network, the AFL mobile […]


February 17, 2017
White Winston Closes Investment in QVL Pharmacy Holdings, Inc.

White Winston Select Asset Funds (“White Winston”) announced that it has closed a $6.0 Million credit facility with QVL Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. (“QVL”). The investment was made in conjunction with QVL’s plan of reorganization that was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Massachusetts at QVL’s confirmation hearing held on February […]


November 7, 2016
White Winston’s Portfolio Company Professional Diversity Network (NASDAQ: IPDN) Completes Equity Recapitalization.

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced its portfolio company, Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the “Company”), completed an equity recapitalization and tender offer based upon a $21M equity investment from Cosmic Forward Limited, Inc. In conjunction with the recapitalization, the Company retired its $5.0M credit facility with White Winston and White Winston exercised […]


August 15, 2016
White Winston’s Portfolio Company Professional Diversity Network (NASDAQ: IPDN) Announces Equity Recapitalization and Tender Offer.

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced that its portfolio company Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the “Company”) has entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) with an investor to purchase a majority interest in the Company. In conjunction with the transaction, the Company will also tender for certain shares of the […]


August 1, 2016
White Winston Provides Credit Facility to Multimedia Platforms, Inc.

White Winston announced that it has closed a debt financing with Multimedia Platforms, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”). The Company is a multimedia, technology, and publishing company that delivers content and advertising to consumers in the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) community. The Company publishes several digital and traditional media publications including: […]


July 31, 2016
White Winston Portfolio Company Golden Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLDC) sold at 260% Premium to White Winston’s share cost basis.

On July 19, 2016, Golden Enterprises, Inc. (the “Company”) announced that it had executed a definitive merger agreement with Utz Quality Foods, Inc. (“Utz”) where Utz agreed to purchase all the issued and outstanding shares of the Company for $12.00 per share in cash. The sale represented a 71% premium of the average 30-day closing […]


April 4, 2016
White Winston Provides Financing for Professional Diversity Network. (NASDAQ: IPDN)

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced it has executed a $5.0 Million Dollar Master Credit Facility Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (the “Company.”) The financing is to be made available to the Company based upon certain advance formulas and working capital needs, each as set forth in the […]


February 9, 2016
White Winston Exits Olly Shoes Investment

White Winston announced that it had successfully exited its $4.5M debt investment in Olly Shoes, an innovator in the US and Canadian children’s footwear market. The Olly’s investment represents White Winston’s active structured debt practice where it provides investment capital and restructuring expertise to public and private companies experiencing critical events in their lifecycle.


November 6, 2015
White Winston Provides Acquisition Financing for Mt. Snow Limited and Peak Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ: SKIS)

White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC (“White Winston”) announced that it has provided certain acquisition financing for Mt. Snow Limited and Peak Resorts, Inc. (collectively the “Company.”) The funds were utilized by the Company to acquire certain assets related to the Company’s $50M Carinthia Ski Lodge/West Lake expansion and development project at its Mt. Snow […]


November 2, 2015
White Winston Reaches Director Nomination Agreement with Golden Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLDC)

On October 30, 2015, Golden Enterprises, Inc (NASDAQ: GLDC) (the “Company”) announced that it reached a Director Nomination Agreement (the “Agreement”) with White Winston Select Asset Funds GF-14, LLC (“White Winston”). The Agreement provides that White Winston will be granted the right to nominate a member to the Company’s Board of Directors (which will increase […]



Categories

Asset Funds

Investing

The Markets

Uncategorized




Archives

May 2017
February 2017
November 2016
August 2016
July 2016
April 2016
February 2016
November 2015
August 2015
June 2015
February 2015
December 2014
August 2014
December 2013
November 2013
September 2013
July 2013
May 2013
April 2013
February 2013
December 2012
November 2012
September 2012
June 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012



Search


















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSE | Civil Action No. 13... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. InterCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.



					 
				




								WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. InterCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Civil Action No. 13-7825(FLW).
								




View Case
Cited Cases






WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC, Plaintiff,
v.
INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC., Defendant.


United States District Court, D. New Jersey.
August 19, 2014.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC, Plaintiff, represented by  GREGORY JOSEPH HINDY , MCCARTER & ENGLISH, LLP &  MARY Y GABRIEL , MCCARTER & ENGLISH.
INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC., Defendant, represented by  ERIC DONOVAN DOWELL , PRYOR CASHMAN LLP.





OPINION
FREDA L. WOLFSON, District Judge.
This matter comes before the Court upon a Complaint filed by Plaintiff White Winston Select Asset Funds, LLC ("WWSAF" or "Plaintiff") seeking damages against Defendant InterCloud Systems, Inc. ("InterCloud" or "Defendant") for allegedly breaching contractual obligations between the two parties related to a financing arrangement. In particular, Plaintiff asserts claims of: (1) breach of contract; (2) breach of the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing; and (3) promissory estoppel. Defendant moves to dismiss the Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure (12)(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. In that regard, Defendant argues that Plaintiff's claims fail because there is no binding, enforceable agreement between the parties. For the following reasons, Defendant's Motion to Dismiss is granted.
BACKGROUND1
In or about May 2013, WWSAF and InterCloud entered into negotiations regarding a proposed secured financing (the "Financing"), whereby WWSAF would invest up to five million dollars in InterCloud to be advanced towards redemption of outstanding shares of InterCloud's preferred stock and general working capital. See Complaint at ¶¶ 7-8. On July 24, 2013, InterCloud agreed to and accepted a "Term Sheet" prepared by WWSAF outlining the principal terms of the proposed secured financing. Id. at 1. Under the Term Sheet, InterCloud was to issue WWSAF a senior secured convertible debenture (the "Debenture") with a term of one year in the amount of five million dollars. Id. at ¶ 9.
In that connection, the particular provisions of the Term Sheet relevant to the present action are as follows. First, following the proposed offer and sale of InterCloud's common stock pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the "Offering"), WWSAF would have the right to convert the Debenture into shares of InterCloud's common stock at a premium price; in the event that the Offering did not close, WWSAF would still have the right to convert the Debenture into shares of InterCloud's common stock at fixed price. Id. at ¶ 13. Second, as a condition precedent to the Financing, WWSAF was required to enter into an inter-creditor agreement with MidMarket Capital Partners, LLC ("MidMarket"). Id. at ¶ 20.2 Third, the Term Sheet included a "Termination Date" that stipulated that the contemplated agreement between the parties "shall terminate upon the earlier of the following: (a) a date which is thirty days (30) after [InterCloud] shall have provided [WWSAF] by written notice that it does not wish to proceed with the Financing; or (b) November 15, 2013." Term Sheet, ¶ 22; Complaint, ¶ 24. The Term Sheet further provided that all obligations of the parties would be deemed null and void as of the Termination Date, with the exception of Sections 17(d), 18, and 19. Term Sheet, ¶ 22; Complaint, ¶ 24. Fourth, and in relation to the Termination Date, the Term Sheet contained a break-up fee provision in Paragraph 17(d), which required InterCloud to pay WWSAF "if, within 45 days of the Termination Date, WWSAF was prepared to close the Financing under substantially the same terms and conditions as set forth [in the Term Sheet], but InterCloud failed to close with WWSAF because InterCloud arranged financing through another source." Complaint, ¶ 25. In that event, InterCloud was required to pay WWSAF a break-up fee as follows:
(i) if [InterCloud] closes the Offering within such 45 day period, then InterCloud shall pay WWSAF the sum of ... $100,000.00; or (ii) if [InterCloud] closes with any other lender, investor, or other party (separate from a closing under the S-1 Registration) within such 45 days, then [InterCloud] shall pay [WWSAF] . . . $500,000.00. In the event both (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence applies, [InterCloud] shall pay a Break-Up Fee of $500,000. The Break-Up Fee shall be immediately due and payable by InterCloud to WWSAF.
Term Sheet at ¶ 17(d). Additionally, Paragraphs 18 (the "Reimbursement Provision") and 19 of the Term Sheet, which also survived the Termination Date, obligated InterCloud to fully reimburse WWSAF for "any and all legal or other expenses" incurred by WWSAF in connection with the proposed Financing, as well as expenses incurred in the collection of amounts due to WWSAF pursuant to the Term Sheet if the proposed Financing did not close. Complaint, ¶¶ 31-32.
Following the execution of the Term Sheet, at all relevant times, including through the Termination Date, WWSAF was willing and prepared to close the Financing under substantially the same terms and conditions as set forth in the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶¶ 33, 35. Indeed, throughout the summer and fall of 2013, WWSAF diligently prepared to close the Financing by working in good faith with InterCloud, and neither InterCloud nor WWSAF ever served written notice that either party did not wish to proceed with the Financing. Id. at ¶ 34, 36.
On or about November 5, 2013, InterCloud closed the Offering, triggering WWSAF's rights under the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶¶ 13, 37. However, in September, 2013, and without WWSAF's knowledge, InterCloud entered into an agreement with PNC Bank, N.A. ("PNC"), which provided InterCloud with a revolving credit facility in a principal amount of up to $10,000,000.00 (the "PNC Facility"). Id. at ¶ 38. The PNC Facility, which is secured by substantially all of InterCloud's assets and the assets of InterCloud's subsidiaries, made it unnecessary for InterCloud to close the Financing with WWSAF. Id. at ¶¶ 39-40. In a parallel agreement, InterCloud entered into an amendment to its loan agreement with MidMarket without informing WWSAF, through which InterCloud obtained MidMarket's consent to grant PNC a senior security interest in InterCloud's assets. Id. at ¶ 41. InterCloud's amendment of its loan agreement with MidMarket precluded WWSAF from entering into the intercreditor agreement with Midmarket on the terms in the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶ 42. Subsequently, on or about December 13, 2013, InterCloud completed the sale of convertible debentures within forty-five days of the Termination Date, without any involvement by WWSAF. Id. at ¶¶ 45-46. In other words, InterCloud's agreement with PNC and the sale of debentures negated the contemplated Financing with WWSAF. Id. at ¶ 47.
Because WWSAF was prepared to go through with the Financing, WWSAF demanded, via letter dated November 15, 2013, from InterCloud a break-up fee in the amount of $100,000, pursuant to the Term Sheet as a result of the closing of the Offering on November 5, 2013, and an additional break-up fee in the amount of $500,000 as a result of InterCloud's consummation of the PNC Facility, the grant to PNC of a senior security interest in InterCloud's assets, and the sale of its debentures. Id. at ¶¶ 48-50. In response, InterCloud, by letter dated November 24, 2013, refused to pay any break-up fee. Id. at ¶ 51. Thereafter, WWSAF filed this action in December, 2013, asserting claims for breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, and promissory estoppel. InterCloud subsequently filed the instant motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted.
II. STANDARD OF REVIEW
When reviewing a motion to dismiss on the pleadings, courts "accept all factual allegations as true, construe the complaint in the light most favorable to the plaintiff, and determine whether, under any reasonable reading of the complaint, the plaintiff may be entitled to relief." Phillips v. County of Allegheny, 515 F.3d 224, 233 (3d Cir. 2008) (citation and quotations omitted). In Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544 (2007), the Supreme Court clarified the 12(b)(6) standard. The factual allegations set forth in a complaint "must be enough to raise a right to relief above the speculative level." Id. at 555. As the Third Circuit has stated, "[t]he Supreme Court's Twombly formulation of the pleading standard can be summed up thus: `stating . . . [a] claim requires a complaint with enough factual matter (taken as true) to suggest' the required element. This `does not impose a probability requirement at the pleading stage,' but instead `simply calls for enough facts to raise a reasonable expectation that discovery will reveal evidence of' the necessary element." Phillips, 515 F.3d at 234 (quoting Twombly, 127 U.S. at 556); see also Covington v. Int'l Ass'n of Approved Basketball Officials, 710 F.3d 114, 118 (3d Cir. 2013) ("[A] claimant does not have to `set out in detail the facts upon which he bases his claim.' . . . The pleading standard `is not akin to a `probability requirement," . . . to survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint merely has to state a `plausible claim for relief.'" (Citations omitted.)).
In affirming that Twombly's standards apply to all motions to dismiss, the Supreme Court explained several principles. First, "the tenet that a court must accept as true all of the allegations contained in a complaint is inapplicable to legal conclusions." Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 663 (2009). Second, "only a complaint that states a plausible claim for relief survives a motion to dismiss." Id. Therefore, "a court considering a motion to dismiss can choose to begin by identifying pleadings that, because they are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth." Id. at 679. Ultimately, "a complaint must do more than allege the plaintiff's entitlement to relief. A complaint has to `show' such an entitlement with its facts." Fowler v. UPMC Shadyside, 578 F.3d 203, 211 (3d Cir. 2009). However, "a district court ruling on a motion to dismiss may not consider matters extraneous to the pleadings . . . [although a] limited exception exists for documents that are integral to or explicitly relied upon in the complaint." W. Penn Allegheny Health Sys., Inc. v. UPMC, 627 F.3d 85, 97 n.6 (3d Cir. 2010) cert. denied, 132 S.Ct. 98 (2011) (citation and internal quotation marks omitted).
III. DISCUSSION
WWSAF's Complaint raises several claims arising from InterCloud's actions following the execution of the Term Sheet. In Count I, WWSAF brings a breach of contract claim against InterCloud, asserting that the Term Sheet constitutes a binding enforceable agreement that InterCloud breached. Id. at ¶ 52-68. Within that claim, WWSAF first asserts that the break-up fee, as set forth in Paragraph 17(d) of the Term Sheet, survived the Termination Date as a valid and enforceable obligation. Id. at ¶¶ 54-55. WWSAF claims that because of InterCloud's agreement with PNC and the sale of the its debentures, InterCloud failed to close the Financing with WWSAF. Id at ¶¶ 56-58. As a result, WWSAF claims that InterCloud was and is required to pay WWSAF the $500,000 break-up fee, which InterCloud has failed and refused to do, despite WWSAF's demands. Id. at 60-61. Second, WWSAF claims that InterCloud failed to reimburse WWSAF for expenses, pursuant to Paragraph 18 of the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶ 62-63. Specifically, WWSAF contends that it incurred approximately $33,000 in expenses, and that InterCloud has breached its obligation to reimburse WWSAF for those expenses. Id. at ¶¶ 65-68.
Under Count II, WWSAF avers that InterCloud is also liable for breaching the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing. Id. at ¶¶ 69-73. In particular, WWSAF claims that "InterCloud owed WWSAF an implied duty of good faith and fair dealing separate from InterCloud's obligations under the express terms of the Term Sheet," and that the parties failed to close the Financing as a result of InterCloud's failure to deal with WWSAF in good faith. Id at ¶¶ 70-73.
Lastly, in Count III, WWSAF brings a promissory estoppel claim, alleging that InterCloud promised to reimburse WWSAF's expenses and costs pursuant to Paragraph 18 of the Term Sheet, and that WWSAF reasonably relied upon this promise. Id. at ¶¶ 75-78. WWSAF argues that InterCloud understood that this promise, and others made in the Term Sheet, "would induce WWSAF to devote time and resources, and take steps and incur significant costs to proceed with the Financing with the expectation that the Financing would close and that WWSAF would be reimbursed its expenses." Id. at ¶ 76. Accordingly, WWSAF claims that it has suffered losses as a result of InterCloud's failure and refusal to close the Financing with WWSAF and that InterCloud must reimburse WWSAF for the expenses incurred in connection with preparing for the Financing. Id. at ¶¶ 78-80.
InterCloud moves to dismiss all of WWSAF's claims pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure (12)(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted as follows: (1) WWSAF's breach of contract claim must be dismissed because the Term Sheet is a non-binding and unenforceable agreement; (2) WWSAF's claim for breach of the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing must be dismissed as duplicative of the breach of contract claim; and (3) WWSAF's claim for promissory estoppel must be dismissed as duplicative of the breach of contract claim. I address each of these arguments in turn.
A. Breach of Contract Claim
"To state a claim in federal court for breach of contract under New York law,3 a complaint need only allege (1) the existence of an agreement, (2) adequate performance of the contract by the plaintiff, (3) breach of contract by the defendant, and (4) damages." Harsco Corp. v. Segui, 91 F.3d 337, 348 (2d Cir. 1996). "[T]he words employed in the agreement must be given their plain meaning, and the agreement must be construed to accord a meaning and purpose to each of its parts." EQT Infrastructure Ltd. v. Smith, 861 F.Supp.2d 220, 226 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) (quoting Siebel v. McGrady, 566 N.Y.S.2d 736, 738 (3d Dep't 1991)) (internal quotation marks omitted). Because the parties agree that they did not execute any final agreement for the Financing, the issue is whether the Term Sheet constitutes a binding preliminary agreement.
"Parties to proposed commercial transactions often enter into preliminary agreements, which may provide for the execution of more formal agreements." Adjustrite Sys., Inc. v. GAB Bus. Serv., Inc., 145 F.3d 543, 547 (2d Cir. 1998). "When they do so and the parties fail to execute a more formal agreement, the issue arises as to whether the preliminary agreement is a binding contract or an unenforceable agreement to agree." Id. Here, the parties dispute the enforceability of the break-up fee and the reimbursement provision in the Term Sheet. Plaintiff asserts that the Term Sheet was an enforceable preliminary agreement, while Defendant argues that the Term Sheet was an unenforceable agreement to agree.
Under New York law, "[o]rdinarily, where the parties contemplate further negotiations and the execution of a formal instrument, a preliminary agreement does not create a binding contract." Adjustrite Sys., Inc. at 548. However, "in some circumstances . . . preliminary agreements can create binding obligations." Id. "The extent of the obligations created depends on the preliminary agreement in question, though, in general, `binding preliminary agreements fall into one of two categories.'" Brown v. Cara, 420 F.3d 148, 153 (2d Cir. 2005) (quoting Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548). The first type of preliminary agreement ("Type I") "occurs when the parties have reached complete agreement (including the agreement to be bound) on all the issues perceived to require negotiation." Teachers Ins. & Annuity Ass'n of Am. v. Tribune Co., 670 F.Supp. 491, 498 (S.D.N.Y. 1987). "Such an agreement is preliminary only in form—only in the sense that the parties desire a more elaborate formalization of the agreement." Id; Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548. Therefore, a Type I preliminary agreement "binds both sides to their ultimate contractual objective in recognition that, `despite the anticipation of further formalities,' a contract has been reached." Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548 (quoting Tribune Co., 670 F. Supp. at 498); see Brown, 420 F.3d at 154 ("The hallmark of a Type I agreement is that the parties have agreed to all necessary elements of the contract and are, therefore, bound to the ultimate objective despite the fact that a more formal or elaborate writing has yet to be produced."). Consequently, "a party may lawfully demand performance of the transaction even if no further steps have been taken following the making of the `preliminary' agreement." Tribune Co., 670 F. Supp. at 498; Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548.
The second type of preliminary agreement—sometimes called a preliminary commitment—recognized by New York courts ("Type II") is "binding only to a certain degree," in that it "expresses mutual commitment to a contract on agreed major terms, while recognizing the existence of open terms that remain to be negotiated." Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548; Tribune Co., 670 F. Supp. at 498. Unlike Type I preliminary agreements, Type II preliminary commitments only obligate the parties "to negotiate the open issues in good faith in an attempt to reach the alternate objective within the agreed framework." Tribune Co., 670 F. Supp. at 498. Thus, where a Type II preliminary commitment exists, a party may lawfully demand that "his counterparty negotiate the open terms in good faith toward a final contract incorporating the agreed terms." Id. In sum, Type II preliminary agreements do not commit the parties to "their ultimate contractual objective," and merely require the parties to negotiate in good faith. Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548; Tribune Co., 670 F. Supp. at 498 (explaining that the obligation to negotiate in good faith "bar[s] a party from renouncing the deal, abandoning the negotiations, or insisting on conditions that do not conform to the preliminary agreement.").
Here, the parties agree that the Term Sheet was not a Type I preliminary agreement, see Pl. Opp., 17; however, Plaintiff argues that the Term Sheet was a Type II preliminary commitment that obligated the parties to negotiate in good faith. In that regard, Plaintiff contends that Defendant failed to negotiate in good faith, and, as a result, that Defendant is required pay the break-up fee and reimburse Plaintiff for expenses incurred in preparation for the Financing. See id. at 17-18. Plaintiff argues that while the ultimate goal of Financing was a non-binding provision, the break-up fee provision in paragraph 17(d) of the Term Sheet was a binding obligation in the preliminary agreement. In that regard, Plaintiff relies on the court's opinion in FCS Advisors, Inc., v. Fair Finance Co., Civ. No. 07-6456, 2009 WL 1403869 (S.D.N.Y. May 19, 2009), for the proposition that contracts may include both binding and non-binding parts.
In general, New York courts look to five factors when considering whether a Type II preliminary agreement exists:
(1) whether the intent to be bound is revealed by the language of the agreement; (2) the context of the negotiations; (3) the existence of open terms; (4) partial performance; and (5) the necessity of putting the agreement in final form, as indicated by the customary form of such transactions.
Brown v. Cara, 420 F.3d at 157; Tribune Co., 670 F.Supp. 499-503; Arcadian Phosphates, Inc. v. Arcadian Corp, 884 F.2d 69, 72 (2d Cir. 1989). Furthermore, in determining whether a Type II agreement exists, the intention of the parties as revealed by the language of the agreement is of primary importance. Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548-49; EQT Infrastructure Ltd. v. Smith, 861 F.Supp.2d 220, 229 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) ("The first factor, the intent to be bound as evidenced by the language of a preliminary agreement, is the most important."). "Thus, `if the language of the agreement is clear that the parties did not intend to be bound, the Court need look no further.'" Singer v. Xipto Inc., 852 F.Supp.2d 416, 424 (S.D.N.Y. 2012) (quoting Cohen v. Lehman Bros. Bank, 273 F.Supp.2d 524, 528 (S.D.N.Y. 2003)); see Beekman Inv. Partners, L.P., Civ. No. 05-8746, 2006 WL 330323, at *7 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 14, 2006) (holding Type II preliminary agreement did not exist where memorandum of intent included clear expression of intent not to be bound); Network Enterprises, Inc. v. APBA Offshore Prod., 427 F.Supp.2d 463, 483 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) ("The obligation to negotiate in good faith that a Type II preliminary agreement would otherwise impose upon a party may, of course, be negated by a sufficiently clear expression that the parties are not bound to each other in any way until a formal written contract is executed by both.").
In this case, a plain reading of the disclaimer language in the Term Sheet evidences a clear intent not to be bound. In fact, the parties explicitly stated their intention not to be bound by the Term Sheet in the disclaimer provision:
This Term Sheet is intended for use only as the basis for continued discussion between the company and the investor, and does not constitute a commitment letter, an agreement to enter into a commitment letter, or an offer to enter into a commitment letter and shall not be deemed to obligate the investor, its affiliates, partners, or principals to close the financing under any terms or circumstances.
Term Sheet, at 10. Additionally, the Term Sheet specifically contemplates "continued discussions between the company and investor," and the parties recognized that the Term Sheet served as a mere summary of "the principal terms of a proposed secured financing." Term Sheet, at 1, 10 (emphasis added). Finally, the Term Sheet in this case is clearly distinguishable from the letter of intent in FCS Advisors. In FCS Advisors, the letter of intent "expressly provide[d] that it [was] not a legally binding contract except for sections 6 through 12. FCS Advisors, Inc., 2009 WL 1403869 at *2 (emphasis added). Conversely, here, neither the reimbursement provision nor the break-up fee contain explicit language stating that those provisions were binding or otherwise enforceable. Accordingly, this Court finds that the Term Sheet as a whole was not a Type II preliminary commitment, and thus Plaintiff cannot obligate Defendant to any of the provisions in the Term Sheet, including the break-up fee provision. Cf. id.
Even assuming arguendo that the Term Sheet could be interpreted as a Type II preliminary agreement, this would still not permit Plaintiff to impose the break-up fee obligation on Defendant. As explained above, the sole obligation that arises under a Type II preliminary agreement is the obligation between the parties Defendant to negotiate in good faith. Adjustrite Sys., Inc., 145 F.3d at 548 (explaining that Type II preliminary agreements do not commit the parties any "ultimate contractual objective," and merely require the parties to negotiate in good faith). Thus, even assuming that Defendant was obligated, but failed, to negotiate in good faith, Plaintiff's argument that the penalty for Defendant's breach of that obligation is found in the non-binding Term Sheet is not supported by law or reason. See id. Put differently, Plaintiff cannot argue, as it does, on the one hand that the Term Sheet as a whole was non-binding—and, significantly, nowhere contained any language regarding specific provisions being binding—but that Defendant's failure to negotiate in good faith triggered the break-up fee/reimbursement provisions. Plaintiff's argument, taken to its logical end, would eviscerate the difference between preliminary binding and non-binding agreements established under New York law, as it would allow a party to get the benefit of selectively enforcing an otherwise non-binding provision to the detriment of the other party. In sum, under the Term Sheet, Plaintiff "only had to the right to demand that [Defendant] negotiate the terms of the [Financing] in good faith," and did not obligate Defendant to any specific term or provision, including the break-up fee and reimbursement provision. See Bear Stearns Inv. Prod., Inc. v. Hitachi Auto. Prod. (USA), Inc., 401 B.R. 598, 628 (S.D.N.Y. 2009). Accordingly, because there is no enforceable agreement in this case, Plaintiff's breach of contract claim is dismissed.
B. Duty of Good Faith and Fair Dealing
In Count II, Plaintiff brings a claim for breach of the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing, arguing that Defendant owed Plaintiff duties separate and independent from those under the breach of contract claim, and that Plaintiff violated those duties. First, Plaintiff claims that the break-up fee expressly provided that Defendant would be liable to Plaintiff for entering into another financing arrangement within 45 days of the Termination Date, and that Defendant did enter into such agreements while Plaintiff was performing its due diligence. Second, Plaintiff cites several acts of Defendant that were allegedly made in bad faith, including Defendant's failure to disclose to Plaintiff the intended sale of its debentures, Defendant's failure to disclose its negotiations with MidMarket, and other acts of Defendant allegedly undertaken in secrecy and intentionally withheld from Plaintiff.
In response, Defendant argues that Plaintiff's cause of action for breach of the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing must be dismissed because the Term Sheet was not a binding contract, and Defendant's alleged conduct is not separate from Plaintiff's breach of contract claim. Defendant asserts that New York law "does not recognize a separate cause of action for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing when a breach of contract claim, based upon the same facts, is also pled." Def. Br., 16. In sum, Defendant argues that Plaintiff's claim for breach of the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing is duplicative of the breach of contract claim, and, as a result, must be dismissed.
"There is implicit in all contracts . . . an implied covenant of fair dealing and good faith." Van Walkenburgh, Nooger & Neville, Inc. v. Hayden Publ'g Co., 30 N.Y.3d 34, 45 (1972). See Dalton v. Educ. Testing Serv., 87 N.Y.2d 384, 389 (1995). "Integral to a finding of a breach of the implied covenant is a party's action that directly violates an obligation that may be presumed to have been intended by the parties." M/A-COM Sec. Corp. v. Galesi, 904 F.2d 134, 136 (2d Cir. 1990). Thus, a claimant's breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing claim must arise out of an agreement between the parties. See Bank of N.Y. v. Sasson, 786 F.Supp. 349, 354 (S.D.N.Y. 1992) ("[T]he implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing is limited to performance under a contract and does not encompass future dealings or negotiations between the parties."); Broder v. Cablevision Sys. Corp., 418 F.3d 187, 198-99 (2d Cir. 2005) ("The implied covenant can only impose an obligation consistent with other mutually agreed upon terms in the contract." (Citations omitted.)). Accordingly, the implied covenant "does not `add . . . to the contract a substantive provision not included by the parties.'" Broder, 418 F.3d at 199 (quoting Green v. Quantum Chem. Corp., 832 F.Supp. 728, 732 (S.D.N.Y. 1993).
I have already found that the Term Sheet is not a binding preliminary agreement, and thus Plaintiff's implied covenant claim fails for lack of a valid and binding contract from which such a duty would arise. FCOF UB Securities v. MorEquity, Inc., 663 F.Supp.2d 224, 231-32 (S.D.N.Y. 2009) (applying New York law); see also Beekman Inv. Partners, L.P. v. Alene Candles, Inc., Civ. No. 05 Civ. 8746, 2006 WL 330323, at *7 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 14, 2006). "A cause of action for breach of an implied duty of good faith and fair dealing . . . [is] properly dismissed for lack of a valid and binding contract from which such a duty would arise." American-European Art Assocs., Inc. v. Trend Galleries, Inc., 227 A.D.2d 170, 641 N.Y.S.2d 835, 836 (1st Dep't 1996). Accordingly, Plaintiff's claim for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing claim is dismissed.4
C. Promissory Estoppel
In Count III, Plaintiff brings a claim for promissory estoppel. In that connection, Plaintiff argues that Defendant made a clear and definite promise to reimburse Plaintiff for the expenses incurred in preparation for the Financing. Furthermore, Plaintiff alleges that Defendant understood that this promise would "induce WWSAF to devote time and resources, and take steps and incur significant costs to proceed with the Financing with the expectation that the Financing would close and WWSAF would be reimbursed for its expenses." Complaint at ¶ 76. Plaintiff claims that Defendant neither closed the Financing nor reimbursed Plaintiff, and, as a result, Plaintiff has suffered damages. In response, Defendant argues that while Plaintiff may be able to plead a claim for promissory estoppel in the alternative, here, Plaintiff's claim must be denied because the underlying basis for the claim is dependent on the Term Sheet. In that regard, Defendant argues that Plaintiff has failed to allege any duties independent of the Term Sheet, and, therefore, Plaintiff's promissory estoppel claim must be dismissed as redundant of the breach of contract claim.
"A cause of action for promissory estoppel under New York law requires the plaintiff to prove three elements: 1) a clear and unambiguous promise; 2) reasonable and foreseeable reliance on that promise; and 3) injury to the relying party as a result of the reliance." Kaye v. Grossman, 202 F.3d 611, 615 (2d Cir. 2000); see Readco, Inc. v. Marine Midland Bank, 81 F.3d 295, 301 (2d Cir.1996). "Because it is a quasi-contractual claim, however, promissory estoppel generally applies only in the absence of a valid and enforceable contract."5 Kwon v. Yun, 606 F.Supp.2d 344, 368 (S.D.N.Y. 2009). In this case, having determined that the Term Sheet is not a valid and enforceable contract, the issue is whether Plaintiff has adequately pled the elements for promissory estoppel.
Review of the Complaint reveals that Plaintiff's promissory estoppel claim must be dismissed. Plaintiff's claim is based solely on the provisions set forth within the Term Sheet. As noted above, the disclaimer language at the end of the Term Sheet clearly evinces that all promises and provisions within the Term Sheet were contingent upon the signing of a future contract. Thus, Plaintiff could not reasonably rely on the Term Sheet as an "unambiguous promise" in support of a promissory estoppel claim. See, e.g., Reprosystem, B.V. v. SCM Corp., 727 F.2d 257, 265 (2d Cir. 1984) (dismissing promissory estoppel claim for lack of a clear and unambiguous promise where "[t]he negotiations of the parties as reflected in the draft agreements made it clear that the obligations of both SCM and Muller were contingent upon execution . . . of the formal contract documents."); R.G. Group, Inc. v. Horn & Hardart Co., 751 F.2d 69, 79 (2d Cir. 1984) (holding that because the parties negotiations made it clear that any promise or agreement was conditional upon the signing of a written contract, there was never a clear or unambiguous promise); Frutico S.A. de C.V., Itex, Inc. v. Bankers Trust Co., 833 F.Supp. 288, 299 (S.D.N.Y. 1993). Plaintiff does not allege any duties on Defendant that are independent of the Term Sheet, and thus, as pled, Plaintiff fails to state a claim for promissory estoppel claim. Accordingly, Count III of the Complaint is dismissed.
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, the Court determines that Plaintiff fails to state a claim upon which relief can be granted in all Counts of the Complaint. The Court therefore grants Defendant's motion to dismiss.


FootNotes 
1. In reviewing this motion to dismiss, factual allegations are taken from Plaintiff's Complaint, and those 1 In reviewing this motion to dismiss, of actual allegations are taken from Plaintiff's exhibits attached to the Complaint, including the Term Sheet discussed herein, and are assumed to be true. Pension Benefit Guar. Corp. v. White Consol. Indus., 998 F.2d 1192, 1196 (3d Cir. 1993) (noting that on motion to dismiss, court may consider undisputedly authentic documents that relate to the claims in the complaint).

2. At the time the Term Sheet was drafted, WWSAF had already entered into discussions with MidMarket and had obtained MidMarket's agreement in principal to the terms of the intercreditor agreement prior to InterCloud's acceptance of the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶ 21. InterCloud was aware of the negotiations between WWSAF and MidMarket, and InterCloud had also obtained MidMarket's agreement in principal to the terms of the intercreditor agreement prior to executing the Term Sheet. Id. at ¶¶ 22-23.

3. The parties agreed that the Term Sheet would be governed by New York law. See Term Sheet, ¶ 10.

4. Moreover, Plaintiff's implied covenant claim must be dismissed even if, arguendo, the Term Sheet constitutes a binding agreement. New York law "does not recognize a separate cause of action for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing when a breach of contract claim, based upon the same facts, is also pled." Harris v. Provident Life and Accident Ins. Co., 310 F.3d 73, 81 (2d Cir. 2002). It is clear from the Complaint that Plaintiff's claim for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing is based on the same predicate facts underlying Plaintiff's breach of contract claim. Although Plaintiff contends that Defendant owed Plaintiff an implied duty separate and independent of Defendant's obligations under the Term Sheet, this aspect of Plaintiff's claim is pled in a conclusory fashion, with no additional facts to substantiate it. Accordingly, even assuming that the Term Sheet constitutes a binding preliminary agreement— which, for the reasons above, I find that it does not—I would nevertheless dismiss Plaintiff's claim for breach of the implied duty of good faith as being duplicative of its contract claim. See In re Houbigant, Inc. v. ACB Mercantile, Inc., 914 F.Supp. 964, 989 (S.D.N.Y. 1995) (explaining that claim for breach of the implied covenant "will be dismissed as redundant where the conduct allegedly violating the implied covenant is also the predicate for a claim for breach of covenant of an express provision of the underlying contract").

5. For this reason, Defendant's contention that Plaintiff's promi ssory estoppel claim must be dismissed as "duplicative" of the breach of contract claim is misplaced.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










December 24, 2013
WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.



Track this case


Case Number:
3:13-cv-07825
Court:
New Jersey
Nature of Suit:
Contract: Other
Judge:
Brian R. Martinotti
Firms

McCarter & English
Pryor Cashman








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In

















 







Armstrong et al v. White Winston Select Asset Funds LLC































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










April  6, 2016
Armstrong et al v. White Winston Select Asset Funds LLC



Track this case


Case Number:
1:16-cv-10666
Court:
Massachusetts
Nature of Suit:
Contract: Other
Judge:
Judith G. Dein
Firms

Davis Malm
McCarter & English
Richards Rodriguez
Shore Chan








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In

















 



White Winston Select Asset Funds, Llc V. Intercloud Systems, Inc. - D-NJ





































U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey













Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





































Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






























Court Records Search 








Case Type
Civil
Criminal
Bankruptcy
Other
All











Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
















Get Email Update About This Court Case 























Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Reply Brief to Opposition to Motion]
Date Published:June 16, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Brief in Opposition to Motion]
Date Published:May 25, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Statement]
Date Published:May 25, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Certification in Support of Motion]
Date Published:May 25, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Amend/Correct]
Date Published:May 24, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Reply to Response to Motion]
Date Published:May 23, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Memorandum in Opposition of Motion]
Date Published:May 12, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Writ]
Date Published:April 21, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [QC - Incorrect Event Selected]
Date Published:April 10, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [QC - Document Not Signed by Attorney]
Date Published:April 10, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Set/Reset Motion and R&R Deadlines/Hearings]
Date Published:April 07, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Declaration]
Date Published:April 07, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Memorandum in Support of Motion]
Date Published:April 07, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Summary Judgment]
Date Published:April 07, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Settlement Conference]
Date Published:March 07, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Set/Reset Hearings]
Date Published:February 03, 2017



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Notice of Appearance]
Date Published:December 01, 2016



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Order]
Date Published:November 30, 2016



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Letter]
Date Published:November 29, 2016



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Order Reassigning Case]
Date Published:August 08, 2016



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Telephone Conference]
Date Published:May 04, 2016



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Scheduling Order]
Date Published:November 24, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Corporate Disclosure Statement]
Date Published:October 29, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Stipulation]
Date Published:October 29, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Answer to Complaint]
Date Published:October 28, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Stipulation and Order]
Date Published:October 13, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [QC - Proposed Orders]
Date Published:October 09, 2015



Court Name:U.S. Civil Court Records for the District of New Jersey
Case Number:3:13-cv-07825
Party Name:WHITE WINSTON SELECT ASSET FUNDS, LLC v. INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS, INC.
Filing Type:Civil [Proposed Pretrial Order]
Date Published:October 09, 2015






								Source: https://ecf.njd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.pl?298354

















Post Your Comment or Question 




















4 x 2 =       











Court Records Search 








Case Type
Civil
Criminal
Bankruptcy
Other
All











Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


































Contact Us | White Winston Select Asset Funds


















Contact

Inquires regarding investment consideration may be made with any of our fund’s partners or at [email protected]. Administrative, processing, and general inquires should be made to our business offices in Salt Lake City, Utah.



ADDRESS
White Winston Select Asset Funds

265 Franklin Street
Suite 1702
Boston, MA 02110-3144
617.274.5610



MEDIA INQUIRIES

For media inquires, please contact
[email protected].































White Winston Select Asset Funds | Our breadth of experience in complex debt investing is an invaluable resource to our portfolio companies.





















Understanding Our Strengths 
With decades of experience in the public and private investment industry, we understand that investment funds can’t be great investors in all asset classes. We know that to be a successful investment partner, a fund must exploit its strengths and experiences to the mutual benefit of its portfolio companies and capital partners. We make good investment partners by focusing exclusively on our strengths as seasoned debt investors. By employing innovative financial structures, we address the complex capitalization needs of small to medium size public and private firms operating in the United States. 
















