










 













 













 









Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,707 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,123 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,436 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,843 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,707 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,819 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,166 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,295 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,608 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,761 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,010 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,360 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,695 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,436 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,491 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,730 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,123 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,490 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,943 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.











GENERAL DYNAMICS LAND SYSTEMS INC.:  quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceGENERAL DYNAMICS LAND SYSTEMS INC.CompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




GENERAL DYNAMICS LAND SYSTEMS INC.
 









Officers and directors


Gary L. Whited
President


Peter Keating
Vice President Communications And Public


Dean Vanderstelt
Chief, Vehicle Elec


Address
38500 Mound RdSterling Heights, MI 48310-3200USA+1 586-825-4000 (Phone)586-826-4801 (Fax)

Website links


www.gdls.com










A business unit of General Dynamics' Combat Systems division, General Dynamics Land Systems (GDLS) makes tracked and wheeled armored and amphibious combat vehicles for the US military and its allies (for personnel transport, medical evacuation, fire support, anti-tank missions, combat engineering, and reconnaissance). Its big gun is the Abrams main battle tank (MBT). Other products include the Stryker infantry combat vehicle and gun systems, its LAV family of combat and reconnaissance vehicles, mine resistant ambush protected vehicles (MRAPs), the Marines' Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle (EFV), and the FOX Nuclear Biological Chemical Reconnaissance System.


More from Hoovers »




Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




GENERAL DYNAMICS LAND SYSTEMS INC.
Private












NEXTER SYSTEMS
Private












Krauss-Maffei Wegmann GmbH & Co. KG
Private












Dassault Falcon Jet Corp.
Private












Boeing Satellite Systems International, Inc.
Private












BELL HELICOPTER TEXTRON INC.
Private












Safran Usa, Inc.
Private












Zodiac Seats US LLC
Private












Airbus Helicopters, Inc.
Private












TIMCO AVIATION SERVICES, INC.
Private












Mac Aerospace Corporation
Private
















Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

Biography - Gary L. Whited, Ph.D.























Gary L. Whited, Ph.D.





























												Home
											



												Poetry
											





			Prairie
		





			To Fencepost
		





			My Father's Trips to Town
		





			Farm
		





			Bunkhouse
		





			In This Body
		





			Note to Parmenides
		





			My Blue Shirt
		





			Eden
		







												Philosophy
											



												Psychotherapy
											



												Biography
											



												Publications/Awards
											



												Reading Schedule
											



												Videos
											



												Links
											



												Contact
											
























Gary Whited grew up on a ranch in eastern Montana, where his maternal and paternal grandparents had homesteaded in the early 1900’s. Leaving the ranch to attend college, Gary eventually found his way into the study of philosophy with a special interest in the ancient Greek thinkers. He was intrigued by a kinship between the ancient ways and the life he’d known on the prairie. He studied classical Greek and eventually translated fragments of the Pre-Socratic thinkers, including the poem of Parmenides. He received his Ph.D. in philosophy from Penn State University in 1973.For several years Gary taught philosophy at various universities, including University of Montana, University of Texas and eventually at Emerson College in Boston. While teaching philosophy, Gary became interested in the practice of psychotherapy with its keen attention given to the art of listening. He realized that the activity of listening was a thread that ran through his entire life, starting with listening to the subtleties of the prairie landscape and to its people, to the ancient Greek classical voices, to his philosophy students and eventually to clients in his private practice as a psychotherapist. 
 






 



All along the way he wrote poems, trying to capture the many voices of the prairie, which is how his book Having Listened came into being. A strong sense of place pervades his poems, whether that place is the prairie, the city or the inner spaces we inhabit. His poems have appeared in several journals, including Salamander, Plainsongs, The Aurorean, Atlanta Review, and Comstock Review. Having Listened, was selected by the Independent Book Publishers Association for a Benjamin Franklin Book Award in May of 2014. Gary is currently working on a new translation of the complete fragments of Parmenides.Gary is available for poetry readings, workshops and consultations on "listening to our listening" for psychotherapists, consultants, teachers, and for personal growth groups, especially those involved in healing trauma and grief wounds.    Contact him at glwhited@comcast.netHe lives in Boston with his wife, Elizabeth, a painter. Together they have two grown children, and three grand children.

















 

 





























✕







Gary L Whited - Jamaica Plain, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Gary L Whited in Jamaica Plain, MA


Gary L Whited

                                                                           Intelius found that Gary L Whited  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Jamaica Plain, MA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Gary L Whited is in his 70s

Gary Has Lived In

Jamaica Plain, MA
Cambridge, MA

Gary's Relatives

Soren Whited
Elizabeth Slayton







Gary L Whited



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Member at Jamaica Pond Poets



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Gary? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Gary, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Gary L Whited
Get a Criminal Check on Gary L Whited
Get a Public Record Report on Gary L Whited
Get a People Search Report on Gary L Whited


Gary L Whited's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Gary L Whited has lived as well as Gary L Whited's phone numbers and email addresses.




Gary L Whited Has Lived in 1 States
Massachusetts Address for Gary L Whited


30 S******* S* 

Jamaica Plain, MA


Has Lived In

Jamaica Plain, MA
Cambridge, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Gary L Whited

() ***-**** - Jamaica Plain, MA 
(508) ***-**** - Jamaica Plain, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Cambridge, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Gary L Whited

g*********d@***.com


Get Email Report




Gary L Whited's Professional Information
Information regarding Gary L Whited's professional history.  Find out previous places Gary L Whited has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gary L Whited Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Jamaica Pond Poets
               Title: Member
Gary L Whited's Experience
Title: Member
               Company: Jamaica Pond Poets
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Gary L Whited

 See Gary L Whited's LinkedIn Profile



Gary L Whited's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Gary L Whited


Gary L Whited's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Gary L Whited's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Gary Whited
Username Matches

                  GaryWhited
                  WhitedGary
                  Gary.Whited
                  Whited.Gary
                  Gary_Whited
                  Whited_Gary
                  Gary-Whited
                  Whited-Gary
                  GWhited
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Whited







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Gary L. Whited, Ph.D. - Home
























Gary L. Whited, Ph.D.





























												Home
											



												Poetry
											





			Prairie
		





			To Fencepost
		





			My Father's Trips to Town
		





			Farm
		





			Bunkhouse
		





			In This Body
		





			Note to Parmenides
		





			My Blue Shirt
		





			Eden
		







												Philosophy
											



												Psychotherapy
											



												Biography
											



												Publications/Awards
											



												Reading Schedule
											



												Videos
											



												Links
											



												Contact
											
























                               Having Listened                                                         Trees were seldom, sunlight plentiful.       I roamed there among fenceposts that cut the light.       Each thin shadow spoke the day west to east,       trusted night, then reached again.       Any creature rising up offered its tongue of dark––      the hawk’s quick fragment,       prairie dog’s short poem,      buffalo an epic. 
 






 














 

 





























✕







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Gary L. Whited - Former President at General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Gary L. Whited
Former President at General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Awards & Honors 


Gary L. Whited
Former President at General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.



 Overview



Age



56
                                  (Born 1961)
                                              




Notable Companies


General Dynamics Ordnance & Tactical Systems, Inc.

General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.

General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co.




Awards



1





Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 636 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Detroit Free Press
May 29, 2016





                        Detroit issues among agenda highlights of policy forum                    





PR Newswire
March 7, 2013





                        General Dynamics Announces Senior Leadership Changes                    





PR Newswire
March 7, 2013





                        General Dynamics Announces Senior Leadership Changes.                    





PR Newswire
March 7, 2013





                        General Dynamics Announces Senior Leadership Changes                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Mark C. Roualet

Executive Vice President, Combat Systems at General Dynamics Corporation




Gregory S. Gallopoulos

Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at General Dynamics Corporation





Jason W. Aiken

Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President at General Dynamics Corporation




Christopher Marzilli

President, Mission Systems at General Dynamics Corporation





David H. Fogg

Vice President & Treasurer at General Dynamics Corporation




Phebe N. Novakovic

Chief Executive Officer at General Dynamics Corporation





Alfonso J. Ramonet

President, European Land Systems at General Dynamics Corporation




William A. Moss

Vice President & Controller at General Dynamics Corporation





Emil Silarski

Board Member at General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.




Ira Berman

Senior Vice President, Administration & General Counsel, Gulfstream at General Dynamics Corporation







See 626 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 626 More 


 


 Paths to Gary L. Whited



            Gary L. Whited          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Gary L. Whited






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Gary L. Whited.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor's of Science in Accounting 


Wayne State University - Michigan

                  Wayne State University (WSU) is a public research university located in Detroit, Michigan, United States, in the city's Midtown Cultural Center Historic District and Wayne State University Buildings Historic District. Founded in 1868, WSU consists of 13 schools and colleges offering 370 programs to nearly 28,000 graduate and undergraduate students. It is currently Michigan's fourth-largest university and one of the 100 largest universities in the United States.

The WSU main campus encompasses 203 acres (822,000 m²) linking more than 100 education and research buildings in the heart of Detroit. It also has six extension centers in the metro Detroit area providing access to a limited selection of courses. The institution is a notable engine in metro Detroit's educational, cultural and economic landscape, as manifested through efforts such as its thriving research and technology park and hosting of the Detroit Windsor International Film Festival.                





 Career History



President, Land Systems & Vice President

                                    Current                


General Dynamics Corporation


                  General Dynamics is a market leader in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; shipbuilding and marine systems; and mission-critical information systems and technology.
The company was formed in 1952 through the combination of the Electric Boat Company, Consolidated Vultee (CONVAIR) and several others.

The company grew organically and through acquisitions until the early 1990s, when they sold many of our defense-related businesses. Starting in the mid-1990s, they began expanding by acquiring combat vehicle-related businesses, additional shipyards, information-technology product and service companies and Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation.                




President

                                    2006 - Current                


General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.


                  General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc. designs and manufactures combat systems. The firm offers battle tanks and tank urban survivability kits, combat vehicles, anti-tank guided missile systems, command vehicles, engineer squad vehicles, fire support vehicles, infantry carrier vehicles, mortar carriers, medical evacuation vehicles, reconnaissance vehicles, and other solutions, light armored vehicle platforms. Its products and services encompass design and systems integration, production and cycle support. The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                




President & Director

                                    2006 - Current                


General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co.


                  General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co. is engaged in the provision of logistic, public works, and infrastructure management and development services. The firm's service areas include systems design and engineering, technical consulting, and vehicle, tank, and component manufacturing. The company was founded on April 23, 1985 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                




President & Director

                                    Current                


General Dynamics Support Services Co.


                  General Dynamics Support Services Co. develops military vehicles. Its products include main battle tanks, light armored vehicles and mraps. The company also offers some services like repairing or replacement of battle damaged vehicles at its end of service life. General Dynamics Support Services was founded on December 12, 1991 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                




President

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Force Protection, Inc.


                  Force Protection, Inc. designs, manufactures, tests, delivers and supports blast and ballistic protected products. It provides survivability solutions to support the armed forces of the United States and its allies. The firm also offers ongoing services in three areas which include logistics engineering, acquisition, and operational logistics. The company is headquartered in Summerville, SC.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President-Finance

                                    Prior                


General Dynamics Ordnance & Tactical Systems, Inc.


                  General Dynamics Ordnance & Tactical Systems, Inc. manufactures munitions and armaments. The firm manufactures large, medium- and small-caliber direct and indirect-fire munitions, mortal weapons and systems, artillery projectiles, bomb bodies, ball powder propellant, solid propellants, non-lethal products and force protection products. It provides explosive load, assemble and pack services, and designs and produces shaped charge warheads and control actuator systems. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in St. Petersburg, FL.                




Controller

                                    Prior                


General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems, Inc.


                  General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems, Inc. provides communications, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance services. It clients include intelligence, maritime, space and homeland communities and customers. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Fairfax, VA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




President & Director

                    2011 - Current                  


General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc.

                    General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc. designs and manufactures combat systems. The firm offers battle tanks and tank urban survivability kits, combat vehicles, anti-tank guided missile systems, command vehicles, engineer squad vehicles, fire support vehicles, infantry carrier vehicles, mortar carriers, medical evacuation vehicles, reconnaissance vehicles, and other solutions, light armored vehicle platforms. Its products and services encompass design and systems integration, production and cycle support. The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                  




President & Director

                    2006 - Current                  


General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co.

                    General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co. is engaged in the provision of logistic, public works, and infrastructure management and development services. The firm's service areas include systems design and engineering, technical consulting, and vehicle, tank, and component manufacturing. The company was founded on April 23, 1985 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                  




Director

                    Current                  


General Dynamics United Kingdom Ltd.

                    General Dynamics United Kingdom Ltd. provides communications, avionics, information management systems, and digitization services for safety and mission critical applications. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Oakdale, the United Kingdom.                  




President & Director

                    Current                  


General Dynamics Support Services Co.

                    General Dynamics Support Services Co. develops military vehicles. Its products include main battle tanks, light armored vehicles and mraps. The company also offers some services like repairing or replacement of battle damaged vehicles at its end of service life. General Dynamics Support Services was founded on December 12, 1991 and is headquartered in Sterling Heights, MI.                  





 Political Donations



$500

                  2006                


Richard Michael DeWine








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Other Affiliations




              Gary L. Whited is affiliated with
                            General Dynamics Corporation, General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc., General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co., General Dynamics Support Services Co., Force Protection, Inc., General Dynamics Ordnance & Tactical Systems, Inc., General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems, Inc., General Dynamics Land Systems, Inc., General Dynamics Land Systems Customer Service & Support Co., General Dynamics United Kingdom Ltd., General Dynamics Support Services Co..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













