







Widdicombe, Richard A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Richard A. Widdicombe
RICHARD A. WIDDICOMBE assumed the office of President of the 21st
Century Holding Company subsidiaries, Federated National
Insurance Company and Assurance Managing General Agents, Inc. in
November 1999 and American Vehicle Insurance Company in August
2001. Mr. Widdicombe has over 20 years’ insurance experience. He
started as an adjuster with Allstate Insurance Company and has
worked with Indiana Insurance Company.  During the past 15 years,
Mr. Widdicombe worked for Insurance Servicing and Adjusting
Company and its sister company, Jardine MacNeil, as Vice
President. Mr. Widdicombe holds his adjuster’s license and CPCU
designation. He is a member of the Florida Department of
Insurance Initial Disaster Assessment team.
Related Interviews:Richard Widdicombe - 21st Century Holding Company (tchc)November 11, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   Richard Widdicombe | Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Richard Widdicombe























Widdicombe



English: habitational name from places in Devon called Widecombe in the Moor, Widdicombe, or Widdacombe, or from Withycombe in Somerset or Withycombe Raleigh in Devon. Both examples of Withycombe are named from Old English withig ‘willow’ + cumb ‘valley’, and Widecombe probably has the same derivation.


HOME • GALLERY • WIDDICOMBE FAIR • RICHARD



























Richard
The world is too much with us: late and soon, Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers:
Little we see in Nature that is ours; We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon! The Sea that bares her bosom to the moon; The winds that will be howling at all hours, And are up-gathered now like sleeping flowers:
For this, for everything, we are out of tune: It moves us not. — Great God! I'd rather be a Pagan suckled in creed outworn; So might I, standing on this peasant lea, Have glimpses that would make me less forlorn; Have sight of Proteus rising from the sea; Or hear old Triton blow his wreathed horn.
~ Wordsworth, 1896


Links & Fun
Some links of interest... 

Guest book 2006-07 retirement
"Mr. Workout!"
Zermatt 2011 Trip Photos





Contact.. richard.widdicombe@gmail.com 
Telephone... 315-749-8528



























Richard A Widdicombe - Tarpon Springs, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard A Widdicombe in Tarpon Springs, FL


Richard A Widdicombe

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard A Widdicombe  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Tarpon Springs, FL.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Rich  Widdicombe


Get Report Now

Age

Richard A Widdicombe is in his 50s

Richard Has Lived In

Tarpon Springs, FL
Pompano Beach, FL
Deerfield Beach, FL

Richard's Relatives

Mary Widdicombe
Kevin Widdicombe
Elvira Widdicombe
Martha Widdicombe







Richard A Widdicombe



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at 21st Century Holding Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard A Widdicombe
Get a Criminal Check on Richard A Widdicombe
Get a Public Record Report on Richard A Widdicombe
Get a People Search Report on Richard A Widdicombe


Richard A Widdicombe's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard A Widdicombe has lived as well as Richard A Widdicombe's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard A Widdicombe Has Lived in 2 States
Florida Address for Richard A Widdicombe


1032 R**** B******* D* 

Tarpon Springs, FL


Has Lived In

Tarpon Springs, FL
Pompano Beach, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard A Widdicombe

(727) ***-**** - Tarpon Springs, FL 
(315) ***-**** - Eagle Bay, NY 
(407) ***-**** - Casselberry, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard A Widdicombe

r***************e@***.com
r*********e@***.com
h**********7@***.com


Get Email Report




Richard A Widdicombe's Professional Information
Information regarding Richard A Widdicombe's professional history.  Find out previous places Richard A Widdicombe has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard A Widdicombe Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: 21st Century Holding Company
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Heritage Academy
               Title: Chief Executive Officer / President
Richard A Widdicombe's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: 21st Century Holding Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Title: Chief Executive Officer / President
               Company: Heritage Academy
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Richard A Widdicombe

 See Richard A Widdicombe's LinkedIn Profile



Richard A Widdicombe's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard A Widdicombe


Richard A Widdicombe's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard A Widdicombe's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Widdicombe
Username Matches

                  RichardWiddicombe
                  WiddicombeRichard
                  Richard.Widdicombe
                  Widdicombe.Richard
                  Richard_Widdicombe
                  Widdicombe_Richard
                  Richard-Widdicombe
                  Widdicombe-Richard
                  RWiddicombe
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Widdicombe







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Richard Widdicombe, Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Richard Widdicombe

President,
Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc






Career History




President
Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc, PRESENT


President/CEO
Heritage Insurance Holdings LLC, 8/2012-5/2014


Risk Manager
Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Co, 11/2009-9/2011


President/CEO
Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc, 5/2014-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.heritagepci.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2600 McCormick Drive
Suite 300
Clearwater, FL 33579
United States


Phone:
727-362-7202


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.heritagepci.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc


Board Member, 5/2014-PRESENT




Heritage Insurance Holdings LLC


Board Member, 8/2012-5/2014









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	Management Profiles – Heritage Insurance



























skip to main content








Products

Homeowners HO3
Condo HO6
Dwelling/Fire DP3
Identity Theft
Commercial Residential Property


Claims

How to Report a Claim
Platinum Preferred Savings Program


Agents

Locate an Agent
Become an Agent
Agent Login
Heritage Rating Webinar


Resources

Make a Payment
Request a Quote
Hurricane Planning
Hurricane Checklist
FAQs – Citizens Depopulation
Download Brochure


Investors

Company

About Us
Community Involvement
Career Opportunities
Reinsurance Program
News
Contact Us
Employees





Investment StoryNews ReleasesFinancial InformationEvents and WebcastsSEC FilingsCorporate GovernanceStock InformationInvestor FAQsInformation Request






Search for:




















                       Management Profiles
                     
Heritage Insurance is led by an experienced senior management team with over 500 years of combined experience in the  homeowners insurance market.










RSS



Plus Icon

Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
















Home
 – 
Investors 
   – 
  
Corporate Governance 
   – 
  

  Management Profiles
  











Management Profiles
Management Profiles




Bruce Lucas, Chairman & CEO



While known for his leadership and entrepreneurial skills, Mr. Lucas brings creativity and out-of-the-box thinking into making Heritage a best of breed company that is not only profitable but is built for the long term. Prior to Heritage, Mr. Lucas was CEO of Infinity Investment Funds and an attorney with Weil, Gotshal & Manges where he represented large institutional clients such as Enron and GE. Mr. Lucas graduated cum laude from Indiana University Law School with a B.A. and J.D., and was a Sigmund J. Beck Scholar. Mr. Lucas is most passionate about education based charities like the Pinellas Education Foundation and Step Up for Students as he feels education provided him with the opportunity to succeed and has been a major key to his success. He currently serves as a Board Member with the Pinellas Education Foundation. Outside of the office, Mr. Lucas enjoys exercising, golf, and travel.




Richard Widdicombe, President



Mr. Widdicombe is an experienced property and casualty executive with years of leadership experience at the highest levels. Prior to joining Heritage as President in 2012, he previously served as President of three Florida Insurance carriers: Federated National Insurance Company, American Vehicle Insurance Company, and People’s Trust Insurance Company.
Mr. Widdicombe was employed by Jardine MacNeill/Insurance Servicing and Adjusting Company (ISAC) in Miami, Florida in various management positions before joining 21st Century Holding Company, Inc., a Florida based insurance organization, as President/Director in 1999. He served as President of American Vehicle Insurance Company in August 2001 before assuming the role of CEO of Federated National Holding Company. He also served as Executive Vice President, Director and Chief Operating Officer for Cypress Property Casualty Insurance Company in Jacksonville, Florida before helping found and serve as President/Director of People’s Trust Insurance Company. More recently, he served as Risk Manager of Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Company from November 2009 to September 2011 Mr. Widdicombe further served on the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation’s Initial Disaster Assessment Team.
He has been active in youth soccer and baseball, as well as Big Brothers/ Big Sisters program.
In his role as President, Mr. Widdicombe assures that the company’s mission and programs are communicated with a strong positive image to various stakeholders. He also ensures the annual operating plan supports the strategic direction set by the board and correlates with annual operating budgets. He enjoys monitoring and anticipating trends within the insurance industry. He holds an adjusters license as well as the Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU®) designation.




Steven Martindale, Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Martindale joined Heritage Insurance in May 2016 bringing a wealth of knowledge in the insurance industry coupled with risk management expertise. Prior to the move to Heritage, he served as Chief Financial Officer of People’s Trust Insurance, a rapidly growing private insurer of property and casualty insurance licensed in the State of Florida. Steve had several notable accomplishments while at People’s Trust including the development of an innovative reinsurance program. 
Prior to working for People’s Trust, Mr. Martindale was the Chief Regulatory Officer for the Ohio Department of Insurance (ODI) where he led the agency’s solvency regulation functions, which included: risk assessment (financial regulation and market regulation), product regulation, actuarial services, fraud, enforcement, and agent licensing.
In addition to his experience as a chief insurance regulator, Steve was a partner at FocusCFO, where he developed common sense solutions and created efficiencies for mid-size businesses. His private sector experience also includes serving as Vice President of Corporate Governance with ProCentury Corporation, Audit Manager for KPMG, Investment Accounting Manager for Nationwide Insurance and Financial Reporting Manager for Motorists Mutual.
Additionally, as a senior regulatory consultant, he provided treasury, cash management and regulatory accounting expertise as a member of the receivership team that led the successful rehabilitation and ultimate sale of Shenandoah Life.
Mr. Martindale enjoys working with people and identifying individual strengths and areas where individuals excel standalone and as part of a cohesive team.  He takes pride in strengthening and promoting those that work alongside him. Steve and his wife, Teresa, enjoy working out, entertaining visitors, and visiting their children and grandchildren in Ohio. 
Steve earned a BA degree in Accounting and Business Administration from Otterbein University and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants.




Ernie Garateix, Chief Operating Officer



Mr. Garateix has served as Chief Operating Officer of Heritage Property & Casualty since December 2014, and Executive Vice President since August 2012. With his long career in the insurance industry, he brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to Heritage in many areas including claims, underwriting, operations, systems analysis, and operations.
Mr. Garateix began his career at United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company (USF&G) where he held a variety of positions in the claims department and managed the call center operation. He obtained his Masters of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the University of Tampa in Management Information Technology, and immediately assumed the role of Associate Vice President of Information Technology at FCCI Insurance Group in Sarasota, Florida from 2000-2007. At FCCI he managed a team of developers, oversaw a number of software implementations, and assisted in numerous, multi-state projects. Prior to joining Heritage, Mr. Garateix spent five years as Vice President of Operations at American Integrity Insurance Group responsible for all backroom operations of the carrier. He holds the Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU®) designation.




Randy Jones, President of Commercial Division



Randy Jones has served as our President of Commercial Division since February 3, 2014. He has over 25 years of executive experience in a variety of insurance industry positions, primarily focusing on commercial lines services, with progressively responsible leadership experience which lead him to becoming the Senior Vice President of Safe Harbour Underwriters, the commercial division of American Strategic Insurance (ASI) in 2005, a property and casualty company based in St. Petersburg, Florida. During his tenure at ASI, he continued to develop special expertise in the commercial residential property insurance sector through his work with various community association entities and insurance agents in Florida, Louisiana, South Carolina and Texas. As part of his role with these entities and agents, he has worked with teams that have successfully designed and executed the implementation of innovative programs for Condominium Associations, Homeowner Associations, Apartment Complexes and Continuing Care Retirement Communities.
Mr. Jones has been instrumental in writing hundreds of millions in revenue in these specialized market sectors. He has been a frequent speaker at community association insurance industry conferences and is often called upon for his opinion on insurance industry issues related to insuring community associations in Florida. Prior to 2004, Mr. Jones served as an officer at other insurance and risk broking organizations including Marsh McLennan Companies, a global insurance enterprise with 57,000 colleagues worldwide. He also worked with traditional and non-traditional insurance transfers, including Group Funded deductible insurance programs for Religious Institution Practice, Hospitality Industry, Professional Liability and Reciprocal Insurance Exchange. Mr. Jones majored in Insurance and Risk Management at Centennial College. He holds a Fellowship in Insurance and Risk Management and an Associate in Property and Casualty Insurance. He also holds an American Risk Manager (ARM) and Certified Property Insurance Adviser (CPIA) designations. In addition, he holds Florida Insurance Agent 220 license and a Texas Managing General Agent license.




Sharon Binnun, Chief Accounting Officer



Since 1985, Ms. Binnun has been involved in the insurance industry serving in a variety of leadership roles while leveraging her vast array of skills in the areas of finance, risk management, reinsurance, marketing, and staff development among others.
Ms. Binnun joined the team at Heritage in November 2014. After roles as an auditor with Deloitte and Touche, an insurance regulator, Chief Financial Officer of Citizens, and Executive Vice President of a mid-size Florida insurer (Cypress Insurance), her role as Executive Vice President at a large publicly held property insurer was the next logical move. Other roles in her notable career include Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, Deputy Commissioner; Thomas Howell Ferguson, Senior Consultant; Katz Kutter Law Firm, CFO and Consultant; Florida Department of Insurance, Chief Examiner; and Deloitte & Touche, Tax Manager.
Ms. Binnun earned her Bachelor’s in Accounting from Florida State University, and her Master’s Degree in Professional Accountancy from the University of Miami. Her various roles in the insurance industry over the last 35 years have allowed her to hone her ability to identify opportunities and apply her creative problem solving skills while solidifying her reputation as an esteemed financial expert.




Paul Neilson, Chief Claims Officer



Mr. Neilson began his property casualty insurance career in 1979 after graduating from Western Michigan University. For 16 years, he served in positions of increasing responsibility in Michigan, California and Florida with Aetna Life & Casualty. Paul led the property claim department at First Floridian Auto & Home Insurance Company/Travelers of Florida, an affiliate of The Travelers Indemnity Company, for 14 years. With Travelers, he was responsible for directing the personal and commercial lines property operations, auto/property physical damage quality assurance programs, and catastrophe planning and response. From August 2010 to August 2011, Mr. Neilson served as the Director of Claims Management for Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Company. Prior to joining Heritage, Mr. Neilson served as Claims Quality Assurance Manager for Citizens Property Insurance Corporation where his department conducted claim file audits and adjuster field re-inspections. He was responsible for providing time-sensitive data analysis and trending to the business units as well as reporting actionable feedback with recommendations for process improvements.
Paul has served on the Florida Division of Emergency Management’s Insurance Damage Assessment Team, and is a member and past presenter of the Florida Advisory Committee on Arson Prevention, Property Loss Research Bureau, and the Windstorm Conference. He is known for his ability to build long-term, productive relationships with agents, policyholders, regulators, and staff. Mr. Neilson is a voting member of the Florida Department of Financial Services, Division of Insurance Fraud, Property & Casualty Fraud Task Force.
In his spare time, Paul enjoys performing home improvement projects, automotive repairs and is an avid NASCAR fan.




Joseph Peiso, Vice President Compliance



Mr. Peiso came to Heritage with thirty years of hands on experience in the property casualty insurance business. His areas of expertise include merger, acquisition, captive formation/operation and new company formation among others.
Mr. Peiso began his career in a financial reporting role after two years in public accounting. He spent the next few years in a variety of insurance industry roles until he had an opportunity to enter the regulatory environment. At one point he returned to public accounting to help a regional firm enter the insurance regulatory support market and eventually returned to the insurance industry as a consultant assisting companies with financial modeling supporting their formation or expansion applications. He previously served as CFO – United Insurance Holdings, CFO – Sunz Insurance, and North Carolina Chief Financial Examiner.
Mr. Peiso attended the University of Florida where he earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting. He holds the following industry designations: CPCU (Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter), ARM-E (Associate Risk Management-Enterprise), and ARe (Associate in Reinsurance). He is widely known for his resourcefulness and problem-solving abilities, and enjoys the challenge of keeping up with the ever-evolving regulatory/compliance environment. As an avid sportsman who enjoys cycling, hiking and kayaking, it comes as no surprise that he is passionate about Rails to Trails, an organization that helps keep the outdoors accessible using real estate reclaimed from a dated mode of transportation.




Timothy Paddock, Chief Actuary



Mr. Paddock joined Heritage Insurance in 2013 to create and lead an in-house actuarial function. His extensive experience spanning 35+ years and proven success with similar projects cemented his position as the right person for the job. His career has been focused on actuarial pricing and loss reserving along with management of actuarial, data analytics, regulatory compliance, catastrophe modeling, and product development professionals.

Mr. Paddock earned his Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics at the University of Lowell in Massachusetts and began his career with Hanover Insurance in an actuarial training program. He later accepted a position as Actuarial Manager at Nationale-Nederlanden (ING) in Keene, NH, and over the next 13 years at ING, he was elected to several positions at the Associate Vice President (AVP) and Vice President (VP) levels. Mr. Paddock served as VP/Chief Actuary for Western Reserve Group in Wooster, OH, from 1997-2009 before seeking a warmer climate and moving to Florida where he served in similar roles with two other Florida domestic companies.
Mr. Paddock is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society (FCAS), as well as a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries (MAAA). He takes every opportunity to share his passion for his field by mentoring and advancing future actuaries and building enthusiastic teams. Outside of the office, Tim visits his children in Chicago and Washington DC as much as possible and is a soccer enthusiast having refereed for several years.







Investors
  


Investment StoryNews ReleasesFinancial Information
Quarterly ResultsAnnual Reports
Events and WebcastsSEC FilingsCorporate Governance
Management ProfilesBoard of DirectorsCommittee CompositionGovernance Documents
Stock Information
Stock ChartHistorical Stock QuoteInvestment Calculator
Investor FAQsInformation Request
Contact UsInvestor Alerts











Quick Links
 
                  Investor Presentation
                

                 Quarterly Results
                

                 Annual Report
                

                 Governance
                





Investor Alerts
Sign up to receive email alerts for investor relations reports, events, fillings, and more.



















Heritage Insurance














PRODUCTS


Homeowners Insurance (HO3)
Condo Insurance (HO6)
Dwelling Fire (DP3)
Identity Theft
Commercial Residential Property


CLAIMS


How to Report a Claim
Platinum Preferred Savings Program




AGENTS


Locate an Agent
Become an Agent
Agent Login


RESOURCES


Request a Quote
Hurricane Planning
Hurricane Checklist
FAQs – Citizens Depopulation




INVESTORS


IR Home
Investment Story
News Releases

Financial Information
Events & Presentations
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Investor FAQs
Information Request














COMPANY


About Us

Community Involvement
Career Opportunities
Contact Us



CUSTOMER SERVICE
1-855-620-9978












Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us




© 2012 - 2017 Heritage Insurance. All Rights Reserved. 















Widdicombe, Simply Shakespeare








































Subject Catalog



Humanities & Social Sciences



Anthropology


Art


Communication, Film & Theatre Catalog



Mass Communication / Public Relations / Film


Speech Communication


Theatre




English



Composition


Developmental English


Literature & Creative Writing


Technical Communication




History


Interdisciplinary Studies



Family Studies & Human Development


Humanities


Race & Ethnic Studies


Social Science


Women's & Gender Studies




Music


Philosophy


Political Science


Psychology


Religion


Social Work / Family Therapy / Human Services


Sociology


World Languages



Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Language Methods


Latin


Portuguese


Russian


Spanish






Math & Science



Anatomy & Physiology


Biology & Microbiology



Majors Biology / Upper Level Biology


Microbiology


Non-Majors Biology




Chemistry


Environmental Science


Geography & Atmospheric Sciences


Geology & Oceanography


Health & Kinesiology


Mathematics



Advanced Math


Calculus


Developmental Math


Finite Math & Applied Calculus


Liberal Arts Math / Teacher's Math


Math for Careers


Mathematics


Precalculus Mathematics


Technical Mathematics




Nutrition


Physics & Astronomy


Statistics



Introductory Statistics


Upper-Level Statistics






Professional & Career



Business



Accounting & Taxation


Business Communications


Business Law


Business Math


Business Skills


Decision Science


Finance


Insurance


Introduction to Business


MIS


Management


Marketing


Office Technologies




Business Statistics


Communication Sciences & Disorders



Computer Science


Counseling


Criminal Justice


Culinary, Hospitality, Travel & Tourism



Culinary Arts


Food Science


Hospitality


Travel & Tourism




Deaf Studies & Deaf Education


Economics


Education



Curriculum & Instruction


ELL


Early Childhood Education




Ed Psych / Tests & Measurements


Educational Administration & Leadership




Educational Research


Foundations / Intro to Teaching


Instructional Technology


Licensure Preparation




Reading & Literacy




Special Education






EMS & Fire Science (BRADY)



Emergency Medical Services (BRADY)




Fire Science (BRADY)






Engineering



Bioengineering


Chemical Engineering




Civil & Environmental Engineering




Electrical & Computing Engineering




General Engineering




Industrial Engineering




Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering




Technical Math / Technical Physics






Fashion & Interior Design



Consumer Science




Fashion


Interior Design




Health Professions



Basic Health Courses




Clinical Lab Science




Dental Assisting


Dental Hygiene


Health Information Management




Massage Therapy


Medical Assisting


Medical Billing Insurance Coding




Medical Terminology




Medical Transcription




Nursing Assistant




Occupational Therapy




Pharmacy Technician




Phlebotomy


Physical Therapy




Surgical Technology






Information Technology



CIS: Computing Concepts




CIS: Office Applications




Computer Graphics / Arts




Game Development




Security


Training & Certification






Legal Studies & Paralegal


Nursing



LPN / LVN




RN




Student Success & Career Development


Trades & Technology



Agriculture


Automotive Technology


Building & Technical Trades




CAD / Engineering Graphics / Drafting




Construction Management & Civil Technology




Electronics & Electricity Technology




Engineering Technology & Industrial Management




Environmental Technology




Technical Trades: NCCER / Contren








Sign in to download instructor resources



Downloading and using instructor resources



Resend Registration Instructions








Products & Services for Teaching



Digital Learning Environments



Revel


MyLab


Mastering




Course Content



Textbooks & eTextbooks


Pearson eText App for Mobile 



For iPad


For Android




Pearson Collections


MyCourseTools




Distance Learning Solutions



Action Training Systems


Brady Master Educator Series



How It Works


Courses


Digital Badges


Technical Support


My Courses




CourseConnect



Features


Courses Available



AHIMA Coding Basics 


Anatomy & Physiology


Biology & Microbiology


Business


Courses for Canada


Communication, Film & Theater


Criminal Justice


Economics


Education


EMS &  Fire Science (BRADY)


English


Environmental Science


Health Professions


History


Legal Studies & Paralegal


Mathematics


Nursing


Philosophy


Physics & Astronomy


Political Science


Psychology


Sociology


Statistics


Student Success & Career Development Courses


Trades & Technology




Success Stories


Demo Gallery: Preview a Course


Support



Educators, Get Started


Students, Get Started


FAQs


System Requirements






NCCERconnect



Features


Titles Available


Support



Educator Support



Live Online Training




Student Support






Pearson Workforce Education


Pearson's AHIMA Coding Basics Online Courses


Propero



For Students



How Propero Works


The Course Experience


Earning College Credit


Homeschool/K–12 Students


Military Personnel


Working Professionals




For Educators & Institutions



How Propero Works


Academic Quality


Academic Executives


Faculty


Academic Advisors


Corporate Education




Partners


Courses


Success Stories



Student Testimonials


Educator Testimonials




Support



System Requirements


Technical Support




Request More Information




RN to BSN Online



Learn More


Features


What's Important to You?


Community


Request More Information




Virtual EMS Academy




Learning & Engagement Tools



Learning Catalytics



Features


User Stories



Developing Critical Thinking Skills


Engaging Students in Active Learning


Using a Team-Based Approach to Learning


Incorporating Peer Instruction Methods


Adjusting Teaching in Real Time


See All Stories




Training & Support



For Educators



Get Your Students Started


How Do I? Videos




For Students



Get Started


Buy Access




System Requirements




Pricing


Get Started


Legal Notice




MediaShare



Learn About



Key Benefits


Flexible Functionality


Learning Design




Training & Support



For Students


For Educators


System Requirements






Pearson Writer



What Is Pearson Writer?



Features


Benefits




Is Pearson Writer for Me?



Students


Parents


Educators


Administrators


Professionals




Take a Look Inside


Success Stories


Pricing


Training & Support



For Students


For Educators


System Requirements


Accessibility






StatCrunch



Learn About



Features


What's New


Community




User Feedback


Training & Support


Request More Information




Strategic Reader



Request More Information Form




Duolingo



Duolingo Form






Test Prep & Testing Solutions



EMSTesting.com


Limmer Creative Test Prep 


Teacher Licensure Test Prep






Products & Services for Institutions



Alternative Credentials


Analytics Services


Competency-Based Education


Consulting Services


Credit for Prior Learning



The Case for CPL


Solutions


From the Blog


Request More Information




Curriculum Services



Learning Needs Assessment


Curriculum Design


Course Development


Implementation & Operations Management


Course Evaluation & Academic Research


Request More Information




Digital Badges



 GRIT Badges 


Professionalism Badges




Grant Help



Finding Grant Funding



State Grants


Federal Grants


Foundation & Corporate Grants


Additional Funding Resources


College Readiness & Completion Grants


STEM Grants


Career Readiness & Employability Grants


Student Support Services Grants




Planning a Grant Proposal


Grant Writing Tips



How to Write a Grant Proposal


Grant Writer Checklist




Additional Grant Help


Contact Us




Help Desk Services & Technical Support


Managed Services for Community Colleges


MyLabsPlus



Learn About 


Results


Support




Online Program Management



Our Mission


Our Services



Market Research & Program Readiness


Program Funding


Marketing


Student Recruitment


Student Retention


Course Development & Curriculum Design


Faculty Support & Training


Online Learning Environment Management


Corporate Partnerships


Hosting Solutions


Help Desk & Technical Support




Partnerships


Results


Blog


FAQ


Request More Information




Online Tutoring from Smarthinking



How It Works



Hours of Service




Results


Our Tutors


Subjects



Business


Computers & Technology


Mathematics & Statistics


Nursing & Allied Health


Reading


Science


Spanish


Writing




Resources & Support



Educators & Administrators


Students


Get Help Now




About Us


Become a Tutor


Purchase


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy




Pearson's Success Solution



How It Works



GRIT™ Program on Mindset


Conley Readiness Index


Labor Market Data




Personal & Social Capabilities Framework


Based in Research


Actionable Results


Request More Information






Customers



Educators



Preview a Title




Students



Get Involved



Pearson Campus Ambassador Program


Pearson Student Insiders


Pearson Student Advisory Board



Pearson Student Advisory Board Alumni




The Pearson Scholarship for Phi Theta Kappa Members


Share Your Story



One Professor



Submission Guidelines






How to Become a Blogger



Suggested Blog Topics






About the Pearson Student Relations Team


Get Course Materials


From the Blog




Administrators & Deans


Community Colleges



Resources & Support


Success Stories


Connect with Us




Private Sector Education


Workforce Directors


College Resellers



Ordering Information


Returns Policy


Review & Desk Copies


Increase Sell-Through


Digital Course Materials Distribution






Events


Why Choose Pearson?



Thought Leadership



Acceleration, Redesign & Readiness



Resources for Getting Started



Redesign Readiness Checklist


Choosing the Right Solutions for Your Redesign




Solutions for Math



Modular Model


Compressed Model


Co-requisite Model


Pathways Model


Non-course-based Remediation Model




Solutions for English



Modular/Lab-based Model


Compressed Model


Co-requisite/Accelerated Learning Model


Integrated Reading & Writing Model


Contextualized Learning Model


Non-course-based Remediation Model




Redesign Results


Request More Information




Alternative Credentials


Career Readiness & Employability



21st Century Skills


Experiential Learning


Industry Partnerships


Employability Advisory Board


Research & White Papers




College Readiness & Completion



Transition to College



High School Bridge & Dual Enrollment


Assessment & Placement




Student Success



First-Year Experience




Developmental Education




Data, Analytics & Adaptive Learning


Online & Blended Learning



Innovation in Online Learning


Online Learning Services



Digital Solutions




Student Learning Outcomes


Success Stories


Request More Information




Transition to Digital



Digital Delivery of Course Materials



For Institutional Leaders


For College Resellers


Textbook Costs and Opportunity Lost




Success Stories






Efficacy & Research



Efficacy Studies & User Reports


Diversity & Access Resources


Social Media Survey






















PreK–12 Education

Higher Education
Industry & Professional
About Us




United States
United States
United Kingdom
Corporate



Contact Us
Bookbag






All Pearson locations
United States
United Kingdom
Canada
















      This item is out of stock and unavailable for purchase on our websites. Instructors, you may still place orders with your bookstore. Estimated availability:
      2001-06-27








Simply Shakespeare

Toby Widdicombe, University of Alaska, Anchorage





©2002


Format

 
    
    
    
    Paper



                    

ISBN
ISBN-9780321077042

Online purchase price

                        $82.20
                    


Net Price
Instructors, sign in here to see net price

                      $61.65
                      (what’s this?)


Availability



      This item is out of stock and unavailable for purchase on our websites. Instructors, you may still place orders with your bookstore. Estimated availability:
      2001-06-27
















 View Larger















                            If You're an Educator
                        



Request a copy


Additional order info




































Overview


Description
  Simply Shakespeare   actively engages students in understanding and appreciating Shakespeare's language and intricate stagecraft. 
Written in a straightforward, engaging style, the text avoids the “dumbing-down,” popular-culture approach to Shakespeare as well as the elevated academic style written for other academics rather than students. Rather, Simply Shakespeare emphasizes how to read and watch Shakespeare for comprehension and enjoyment.
An organization and layout that uses “test cases,” boxed material, bulleted lists, illustrations, chapter overviews, end-of-chapter assignments, background material, glossary, web resources, and more makes the text especially accessible for students.














Features
  Accessible Writing Style neither talks down to students nor over their heads. 
  Introduction: “How to Read Shakespeare” outlines strategies students can adopt to make Shakespeare easier to understand. 
  Four Chapters on Language focus on single greatest hurdle for students: language. The chapters deal with words, imagery (literal and figurative), rhetoric, and humor. 
  Boxed material highlights major points in any topic discussed. 
  Test Cases analyze key passages in depth. 
  Bulleted lists break up heavy prose passages allowing students to concentrate on key material, making content more accessible. 
  A Resources Section provides an annotated list of websites and books—emphasizing the best resources and latest scholarship. 
  Glossary covers 30 Shakespearean terms most students/readers have trouble with. 









 Table of Contents 
  Preface.    Introduction: How to Read Shakespeare.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Making an Effort.  Using Your Imagination.  Imagining the World.  Imagining the Stage.  Staying Flexible.  Listening for the Subtext.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   1. Shakespeare's Dramatic Language.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Some Preliminary Suggestions.  Test Case #1: Hamlet's Famous Soliloquy.  Initial Reactions.  Shakespeare's Peculiar Language.  “You" and “Thou”.  “Hath" and “Doth”.  Some Other Shakespearean Oddities.  Advice.  Rearranging Word Order.  Advice.  Verse and Prose.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   2. Shakespeare's Imagery.   Box: Chapter Overview.  A Definition of Imagery.  Literal Appeals to the Senses.  Appeal to the Sense of Sight.  Appeal to the Sense of Hearing.  Appeal to the Sense of Touch.  Appeal to the Sense of Taste.  Appeal to the Sense of Smell.  Figurative Language: The Major Devices.  Box: Imagery-14 Key Terms.  Analogy.  Hyperbole.  Image Strands.  Irony.  Litotes.  Metaphor.  Metonymy.  Onomatopoeia.  Oxymoron.  Personification.  Pun.  Simile.  Symbol.  Synecdoche.  Test Case #2: The Barge at Cydnus.  Advice.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   3. Shakespeare's Rhetoric 116.   Box: Chapter Overview.  The History of Rhetoric.  Shakespeare's Dramatic RhetoricBox: Rhetoric-17 Key Terms.  Adage.  Alliteration.  Anaphora.  Antistrophe.  Aside.  Assonance.  Caesura.  Chiasmus.  Consonance.  Enargia.  Ethos.  Isocolon.  Logos.  Pathos.  Rhyme.  Soliloquy.  Stichomythia.  Pattern, Repetition, Variation.  Pattern.  Repetition.  Variation.  Test Case #3: Portia's Defense of Antonio.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   4. Shakespeare's Humor.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Shakespeare's Crude Humor.  Shakespeare's Cultural Humor.  Shakespeare and All Those French Jokes.  Shakespeare and All Those British Jokes.  Shakespeare's Linguistic Humor.  The Malapropism.  Shakespeare's Slapstick Humor.  Shakespeare's Cosmic Humor.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   5. Shakespeare's Genres.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Genre and the Folio of 1623.  Genre and the Modern Critic.  The Major Genres.  Comedy.  Origins.  Characteristics.  Box: The Comedies-Major Characteristics.  Sub-genres.  History.  Origins.  Characteristics.  Box: The Histories-Major Characteristics.  Box: Richard II 1.3-History as Mythic Pageant.  Box: Richard III 5.3-5.5-History as Immediate Action.  Tragedy.  Origins.  Characteristics.  Box: The Tragedies-Major Characteristics.  Sub-genres.  Romance.  Origins.  Characteristics.  Box: The Romances-Major Characteristics.  The Minor Genres.  Problem Play.  Roman Play.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   Chapter 6: Shakespeare's Stagecraft.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Getting up to Speed.  Handling the Introductions.  Comings and Goings.  Placing Yourself in the Action.  Making Lemonade (from Lemons).  Battle Scenes.  Boys as Women.  Taking Advantage.  The Power of Symbolism.   Hamlet and the Hell beneath the Stage.  Props and the Value of Minimalism.  Threading the Needle.  Varying the Tempo.  Easing up on the Rack.  The Porter in Macbeth (2.3).  The Clown in Antony and Cleopatra (5.2).  Painting in Chiaroscuro.  The Gravediggers in Hamlet (5.1).  The Gardener in Richard II.  Internalizing the Playwright.  Box: Shakespeare's Stagecraft-Major Devices.  “All the World's a Stage”.  “The Play's the Thing”.  The Playwright Front and Center.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.   7. Shakespeare in Performance: Stage and Screen.   Box: Chapter Overview.  Stage, Film, and Television: Some Preliminary Definitions.  Box: Theatre, Film, and TV: Some Important Distinctions.  Box: Theatre, Film, and TV: Some Important Continuities.  Shakespeare on Stage: Antony and Cleopatra.  Analysis.  Shakespeare on Stage: King Lear.  Discussion Questions on Character.  Discussion Questions on Staging.  Discussion Questions on Acting.  Shakespeare on Film: Hamlet.  Box: Key Terms Used in the Discussion of Hamlet.  The Olivier Version (1948).  Editing.  Staging.  Cinematography.  Language.  Characterization.  Theme.  The Richardson/Williamson Version (1969).  Editing.  Staging.  Cinematography.  Language.  Characterization.  Theme.  The Bennett/Jacobi Version (1980).  Editing.  Staging.  Cinematography.  Language.  Characterization.  Theme.  The Zeffirelli/Gibson Version (1990).  Editing.  Staging.  Cinematography.  Language.  Characterization.  Theme.  The Branagh Version (1996).  Editing.  Staging.  Cinematography.  Language.  Characterization.  Theme.   Hamlet on Film: Some Final Thoughts.  Writing or Discussion Assignments.  Further Reading.  Shakespeare Resources: Websites, Books, and Journals.  Websites.  Books.  Editions of Shakespeare.  Reference Books.  Background Reading.  Journals.  Works Cited.  Index of Terms and Play References.








Order

Show Order Information for



All
Digital
Paper




Pearson offers special pricing when you package your text with other student resources. 
            If you're interested in creating a cost-saving package for your students, contact your 
            Pearson rep.




Digital





Paper










Simply Shakespeare

Widdicombe

                                    ©2002
                                    &nbsp|&nbspPearson
                                    &nbsp|&nbsp256 pp
                                








Format

 
    
    
    
    Paper


                        


ISBN
ISBN-9780321077042


Suggested retail price

                            $82.20
                        




Availability



      This item is out of stock and unavailable for purchase on our websites. Instructors, you may still place orders with your bookstore. Estimated availability:
      2001-06-27








































Relevant Courses




                    	        	               	
                    
                    	        	               	
                    
                    Shakespeare (Literature & Creative Writing)


















Sign In
We're sorry! We don't recognize your username or password. Please try again.

Username

Password


Forgot your username or password?



Sign Up



Already have an access code?





Instructor resource file download
The work is protected by local and international copyright laws and is provided solely for the use of instructors in teaching their courses and assessing student learning.


Cancel




Signed out
You have successfully signed out and will be required to sign back in should you need to download more resources.










