



Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #b9fe90b0-6fa3-11e7-9721-a51e456e694a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #ba2ec870-6fa3-11e7-a249-338779a16cd4
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #ba590cc0-6fa3-11e7-9f09-87d3cafcde34
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          
















Wiehoff, John P. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































John P. Wiehoff
JOHN P. WIEHOFF is Chief Executive Officer of C.H. Robinson
Worldwide Inc. He was named Chief Executive Officer in May 2002
after serving as President from December 1999. Prior to his
appointment as President, he served the company as Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wiehoff joined the
company as Controller in 1992. Mr. Wiehoff is a graduate of St.
John’s University.
Related Interviews:John Wiehoff - C.h. Robinson Worldwide Inc (chrw)May 16, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












﻿

























Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Donaldson Company Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Donaldson Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $5,243,000 Position in Coach, Inc. (COH)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.65 Million Position in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Boosts Position in Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Maintains Stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG)
Intuit Inc. (INTU) Stake Maintained by Palisades Hudson Asset Management L.P.
27,623 Shares in V.F. Corporation (NYSE:VFC) Acquired by Achmea Investment Management B.V.
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Maintains Position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG)
Credit Suisse AG Increases Stake in UGI Corporation (UGI)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Position Maintained by Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Has $1,170,000 Position in The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (NASDAQ:GT)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Position in The Valspar Corp (NYSE:VAL)
Jane Street Group LLC Takes Position in CoreSite Realty Corporation (COR)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $28.44 Million Stake in Fortis Inc. (NYSE:FTS)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.73 Million Position in Regency Centers Corporation (NYSE:REG)
S. R. Schill & Associates Has $520,000 Stake in Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC)
46,395 Shares in Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Acquired by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ
HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group
Laffer Investments Holds Stake in Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW)
Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd Has $232,000 Stake in Devon Energy Corporation (DVN)
eBay Inc. (EBAY) Position Lowered by Fiduciary Trust Co.


 


Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 13th, 2017 // No Comments 

Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff sold 14,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.33, for a total value of $667,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 59,001 shares in the company, valued at $2,733,516.33. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 
Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) traded up 0.98% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $46.27. The company had a trading volume of 583,176 shares. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $34.54 and a 52 week high of $48.91. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $46.28 and a 200 day moving average of $44.50. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.54 and a beta of 1.21. 




Donaldson Company (NYSE:DCI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Donaldson Company had a net margin of 9.72% and a return on equity of 28.12%. The company had revenue of $608.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $580.44 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.43 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 6.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) earnings per share for the current year. 


 Get Donaldson Company Inc. alerts:



The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 12th were given a $0.175 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, June 8th. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.51%. Donaldson Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 41.92%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/13/donaldson-company-inc-dci-director-john-wiehoff-sells-14400-shares-of-stock-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Stifel Nicolaus restated a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 target price (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson Company in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Donaldson Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 12th. BidaskClub lowered Donaldson Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson Company in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upgraded Donaldson Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $48.25.
Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Donaldson Company by 5,553.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,390,356 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $472,970,000 after buying an additional 10,206,564 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Donaldson Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $42,611,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 8.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,152,840 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $553,197,000 after buying an additional 930,432 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 25.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,411,896 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $109,787,000 after buying an additional 496,064 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 185.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 542,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $22,807,000 after buying an additional 352,100 shares during the period. 78.78% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Donaldson Company Company Profile
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































#306 John P Wiehoff - Forbes.com


















Home
Business
Tech
Markets
Entrepreneurs
Leadership
Personal Finance
ForbesLife
Lists
Opinions
Video
Blogs
E-mail Newsletters
Portfolio Tracker
Special Reports
Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Logistics
Manufacturing
Media
Services
Technology
Wall Street
Washington
CIO Network
Enterprise Tech
Infoimaging
Internet Infrastructure
Internet
Personal Tech
Sciences
Security
Wireless
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities
Options
Finance
Human Resources
Law & Taxation
Sales & Marketing
Management
Technology
Careers
Compensation
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Managing
Innovation
CEO Network
Reference
ETFs
Guru Insights
Investing Ideas
Investor Education
Mutual Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement & College
Taxes & Estates
Collecting
Health
Real Estate
Sports
Style
Travel
Vehicles
Wine & Food
100 Top Celebrities
400 Richest Americans
Largest Private Cos
World's Richest People
All Forbes Lists
Business Opinions
Investing
Technology Opinions
Washington & The World
Companies
People
Reference
Technology
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
People
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
Events
People
Reference































CEO Compensation
#306 John P Wiehoff

04.04.12, 12:00 PM EDT










 Gerard M Anderson


 Robert A Niblock







Total Compensation
$5.38 mil
5-Year Compensation
$42.50 mil
Education:
College: St John's University - MN BS
Graduate School: NA




John P Wiehoff has been CEO of CH Robinson Worldwide
	(CHRW) for 10 years.
	Mr. Wiehoff has been with the company for 20 years.
	The 50 year old executive ranks 8 within Transportation


Performance Vs. Pay


John P WiehoffCH Robinson Worldwide


Rank37 / 2066-Year Annual Total Return8%


6-Year Average Compensation$8.54 mil6-Year Return Relative To Industry107


6-Year Return Relative To Market104


Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.




John P Wiehoff's Compensation vs. Transportation Medians


Salary$0.41 mil$0.63 mil


Bonus$1.53 mil$1.13 mil


Other$3.44 mil$1.79 mil


Stock GainsNA$0.00 mil


Total Compensation$5.38 mil$6.51 mil





John P Wiehoff Ownership Of CH Robinson Worldwide


Industry Medians


Stock Owned (% Of Co)0.63%0.18%


Stock Owned$66.8 mil$0.02 mil


CH Robinson Worldwide's Stock Performance


Total Return During Tenure16%


Relative to Market111




CH Robinson Worldwide

(CHRW: quote,
				news)
				
14701 Charlson RoadEden Prairie, MN 55347Minnesota


www.chrobinson.com








 Gerard M Anderson


 Robert A Niblock




CEO Compensation

Complete Coverage | Complete Rankings



Methodology: 
	Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 206.

Footnotes: 
	Compensation data is from the latest available proxy statements filed through Mar. 23, 2012. Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 14, 2012 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S & P 500 (a score of 100 = the S & P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable.  
1Annualized.
	2Four-year total.
	3Three-year total.
	4Less than 0.01%.
	5Prior-year data.
	6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
	7Less than $100,000.
	8Includes shares indirectly held.
	*Return is for less than tenure.
	
Sources: Company SEC filings; Interactive Data, LionShares and Thomson Reuters Fundamentals via FactSet Research Systems; Forbes.






Robert A Niblock on CEO Compensation (2012)Tequila 101 With Billionaire John Paul DeJoriaGerard M Anderson on CEO Compensation (2012)Apple Shines, Bernanke Speaks, Exxon Boosts Dividend


Read All Comments


































John Wiehoff | Fortune.comJohn WiehoffSearchSearchJohn WiehoffJohn Wiehoff is president and CEO of C.H. Robinson Worldwide.John WiehoffJohn Wiehoff is president and CEO of C.H. Robinson Worldwide. LATEST STORIES Fortune InsidersWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorpsThe White House last month proposed its first federal budget, which would cut programs for the nation’s poor and vulnerable. The Trump administration has suggested that such initiatives waste moneyMost Popular on FORTUNE1You Should Update Your Apple Devices Immediately to Fix a Major Security FlawYou Should Update Your Apple Devices Immediately to Fix a Major Security Flaw2World’s First Autonomous Ship to Launch in 2018World’s First Autonomous Ship to Launch in 20183The USS Gerald Ford Is the Most Advanced Aircraft Carrier in the WorldThe USS Gerald Ford Is the Most Advanced Aircraft Carrier in the World4Jared Kushner Discloses an Additional $10 Million in AssetsJared Kushner Discloses an Additional $10 Million in Assets5Bitcoin Averts Split Into Two CurrenciesBitcoin Averts Split Into Two CurrenciesCustomer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn










John Wiehoff | C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. | Email CEO @chrobinson.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.





chrobinson.com





14701 Charlson Road                 
                 
Eden Prairie, MN 55347
Phone: 952-937-8500
Fax: N/A










 





                        Ticker: CHRW 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

> 10000

Revenue: 

> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                    Services->Real Estate->Warehousing/Logistics                
SIC Code:  
                     4731  - Freight Transportation Arrangement
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All 
Accounting
Accounting Software
Apparel Management
Applicant Tracking
Application Development
Application Performance Management
Appointment Scheduling
Assisted Living
Auto Dealer
Billing and Invoicing
Budgeting
Business Continuity
Business Intelligence
Business Management
Business Process Management
Call Center
Car Rental
Catalog Management
Catering
Church Management
Claims Processing
Club Management
CMS
Code Enforcement
Commercial Loan
Compensation Management
Complaint Management
Compliance
Computer Simulation
Construction Accounting
Construction Estimating
Construction Management
Content Management
Contract Management
Courseware
Court Management
CPU
Currency Exchange
Data Center Management
Data Entry
Data Storage
Database Management
DB Systems
Debt Collection
Decision Support
Digital Asset Management
Digital Signage
Distribution
Donation Management
EDI
EHS Management
Electronic Data Capture
Employee Scheduling
Environmental
Fashion Design and Production
Field Service Management
Financial CRM
Financial Risk Management
Fleet Management
Forms Automation
Freight
Hardware
Healthcare Management
Human Resource
IDE
Idea Management
Insurance Policy
Inventory Control
Investigation Management
Investment Management
Issue Tracking
IT Management
JS Frameworks
JS Libraries
Knowledge Management
Law Enforcement
Law Practice Management
Lead Management
Learning Management System
Legal Case Management
Legal Document Management
Library Automation
Loan Origination
Logistics
Marketing Automation
Medical Billing
Medical Practice Management
Membership Management
Mobile
Mortgage and Loans
MRP
Oil and Gas
OS
Other
Patient Management
Performance Appraisal
Physical Security
Platform
Print Estimating
Procurement
Product Configurator
Product Data Management
Productivity
Professional Services Automation
Programming Languages
Publishing and Subscriptions
Purchasing
Quality Management
Quoting
Radiology
Real Estate Agency
Real Estate Property Management
Recruiting
Restaurant Management
Scheduling
Server Software
Shipping
Social Media Monitoring
Social Networking
Software Frameworks
SPC
Succession Planning
Supply Chain Management
Systems Integration
Telephony
Tour Operator
Video Editing








VMWare



VMWare
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Translation Services



Translation Services
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Modeling



Modeling
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo
CDN
eCommerce
Marketing










JW Player
We






Vidyard
                                       No Description Available 
                                        





YouTube
YouTube is a video-sharing website, created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 and owned by Google since late 2006, on which users can upload, view and share videos. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            February 10, 2017 - New Contract
CustomerSunny Delight Beverages CoAmountUndisclosedLengthUndisclosedOtherTo provide on-time delivery, centralize freight orders, manage
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        John Wiehoff                                    

Title: CEO/Chairman








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chad Lindbloom                                    

Title: CIO








Free Trial For Email


Technology

export









                                        Ben Campbell                                    

Title: Chief Legal Officer/Secretary








Free Trial For Email


Legal

export









                                        Angela Freeman                                    

Title: Chief HR Officer








Free Trial For Email


Human Resources

export









                                        Andrew Clarke                                    

Title: CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Richard Mosley                                    

Title: Business Transformation Architect







                         No Email Avail                            
Operations

export









                                        Wendy Welsch                                    

Title: Director of Global Forwarding Operations and Process








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Mark Derks                                    

Title: Director of Global Marketing








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Lisa Vanderheyden                                    

Title: Director, Service Delivery








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chris Feickert                                    

Title: Director Human Resources








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Matt Castle                                    

Title: Global Director Air Services








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jordan Kass                                    

Title: Pres Managed Services








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jeroen Eijsink                                    

Title: President  Europe








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Andy Wang                                    

Title: President of Asia








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jason Luedtke                                    

Title: Vice President, Corporate Sales Services








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Doug Woodgate                                    

Title: Peoplesoft Administrator - Developer







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export









                                        Kevin Ohme                                    

Title: General Manager, Truckload Capacity








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Betsy Sluis                                    

Title: HR Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Heather Blackwell                                    

Title: Manager of Benefit Plans & Programs








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Hunter Winton                                    

Title: General Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Todd York                                    

Title: IT Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Thomas Hayes                                    

Title: IT Project Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Sean Kelly                                    

Title: Marketing Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jim Macy                                    

Title: General Manager - Cleveland, OH








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Gil Smith                                    

Title: General Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        John Strange                                    

Title: General Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                26                                

                                    of 6195 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Looking for company data regarding C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.'s CEO or CFO? C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. is part of the Warehousing/logistics field and are located in the area of Eden Prairie, MN. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. email addresses marked by the domain format @chrobinson.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@chrobinson.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
John Wiehoff
John Wiehoff is the current CEO/Chairman. You can find John Wiehoff's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.'s Lead411 profile, as well as C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. email addresses with the @chrobinson.com domain format. John Wiehoff's email may or may not be inside the profile.  C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. is situated in Eden Prairie, MN. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Warehousing/logistics.  Some possible email formats for John Wiehoff are JWiehoff@chrobinson.com, John.Wiehoff@chrobinson.com, John@chrobinson.com, and John_Wiehoff@chrobinson.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@chrobinson.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Dart Transit Company
Dart Transit Company, a company that works within the Warehousing/logistics industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Dart Transit Company email addresses with the @dartadvantage.comdomain format. They have their head office in Saint Paul, MN.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@dartadvantage.com addresses.
K2 Logistics
The company profile also contains facebook info, phone numbers, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and K2 Logistics email format addresses with the domain of @k2logistics.com. K2 Logistics, a Warehousing/logistics company has its main office in Eagan, MN.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@k2logistics.com addresses.
Seminole Logistics, Llc
Seminole Logistics, Llc, is a company that works within the Warehousing/logistics. This Roseville, MN-based business. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Seminole Logistics, Llc email format addresses with the @seminole-logistics.com domain as well as quality contact info regarding Seminole Logistics, Llc's CEO . They have their head office in Roseville, MN.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@seminole-logistics.com addresses.




Company Directory > C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.






















	Polaris Industries Inc. - Investors - Corporate Governance - Person Details








































Find a Dealer:

North America
|
Worldwide





United States
Select Country








Investor Relations






Welcome to Polaris industries Inc.

NYSE PII:
$94.33
-2.10
-2.18%
Volume: 
1,167,028

July 21, 2017













John P. Wiehoff





John P. Wiehoff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.


Director since 2007Mr. Wiehoff has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of C.H. Robinson Worldwide since 2007 and Chief Executive Officer of that company since May 2002, following a three-year succession process during which he was named President in December 1999. He has been a director of C.H. Robinson since December 2001. He was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from June 1998 to December 1999. Previous positions with C.H. Robinson include Treasurer and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining C.H. Robinson in 1992, he was employed by Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Wiehoff also serves on the Board of Directors of Donaldson Company, Inc. Mr. Wiehoff is a member of our Audit Committee and serves as the Chair of our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Mr. Wiehoff is an experienced financial leader with skills necessary to serve on our Audit Committee. His previous position as Chief Financial Officer of C.H. Robinson and employment at Arthur Andersen make him a valuable asset, on our Board of Directors, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and our Audit Committee, and his exposure to complex financial issues at such large corporations makes him a skilled advisor. Further, his expertise as a CEO and expertise in logistics adds significant value to the Board.








Email Alerts

Receive Email Alerts
Mobile Text Alerts

Contact
POLARIS INVESTOR RELATIONS


Share This Page













Products

Side x Side Vehicles
All-Terrain Vehicles
Victory Motorcycles
Indian Motorcycle
Snowmobiles
GEM Electric Motorcars
Parts, Apparel & Accessories
Polaris Defense
Generators




Support

Help Center
Find A Dealer
Apparel & Accessories
Brochures
Current Offers
For Dealers
Parts Catalog
Owners Manuals




Rider Community

Polaris Apps
Parts & Manuals
Snowmobile Racing
Victory Riders Association
T.R.A.I.L.S. Grant Application
Product Safety and Training Information
Off-Road Vehicles Racing
Product Safety Recalls 




Company

About Polaris
News & Events
Media
Investors
Careers
Locations





Contact Us
History & Heritage
Partnerships
Polaris Experience Center
Polaris Foundation
Environmental Commitment













Terms & Conditions
Privacy



VISIT POLARIS.COM


2017 Polaris Industries Inc.All rights reserved



Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5














John Wiehoff Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Speakers >
				John Wiehoff
		

John Wiehoff Speaker Profile






 Business Speakers




 

Business Speakers, CEO Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  >

          Available Upon Request

          
          

          
          
						










Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

John Wiehoff Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book John Wiehoff for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as John Wiehoff for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Speakers, CEO Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring John Wiehoff for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for John Wiehoff call us at 1.888.752.3532.
John Wiehoff Biography

Mr. John P. Wiehoff has been the Chairman of CH Robinson Worldwide Inc., since January 1, 2007 and its Chief Executive Officer since May 2002. Mr. Wiehoff has been President of CH Robinson Worldwide Inc. since December 1999. He joined C. H. Robinson Worldwide Inc. in 1992 and served as its Vice ...
>>Read More 


Mr. John P. Wiehoff has been the Chairman of CH Robinson Worldwide Inc., since January 1, 2007 and its Chief Executive Officer since May 2002. Mr. Wiehoff has been President of CH Robinson Worldwide Inc. since December 1999. He joined C. H. Robinson Worldwide Inc. in 1992 and served as its Vice President. He served in various positions with C H Robinson Worldwide Inc., including Senior Vice President since October 1998, Chief Financial Officer from July 1998 to December 1999, Treasurer from August 1997 to July 1998 and Corporate Controller from 1992 to July 1998. Prior to joining C. H. Robinson, he was an Auditor with Arthur Andersen from 1984 to 1992. Mr. Wiehoff has been a Director of Polaris Industries Inc. since July 26, 2007, CH Robinson Worldwide Inc., since December 2001 and Donaldson Company Inc., since July 25, 2003. Mr. Wiehoff graduated with a Bachelor of Science from St. Johns University, Collegeville, Minnesota, in 1984 with degrees in Accounting and Political Science, and obtained his Certified Public Accountant license in 1986.

Business Speakers such as a John Wiehoff have been taking the stage and entertaining crowds for decades. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with John Wiehoff speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Business Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Business Speaker like John Wiehoff is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Business Speakers to your next corporate event. We can find John Wiehoff’s agent to make this booking happen. A John Wiehoff appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find John Wiehoff‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at https://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or John Wiehoff for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below













	     			﻿			  	John Wiehoff  Speaking Videos









Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as John Wiehoff's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. John Wiehoff's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
Joe Fernandez
Founder and CEO Klout




 
Joe Echevarria
Former Chief Executive Officer, Deloitte




 
Joe De Sena
CEO and Co-Founder of the Spartan Race




 
Joe Bernstein
Co-Founder of Periscope, Co-Founder of Terriblyclever, CTO- Mobile Division at Blackboard




 
Joe Beninato
Founder and CEO of Presto; former Vice President of Product Marketing & Business Development at Roku




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 








﻿

























Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Donaldson Company Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Donaldson Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $5,243,000 Position in Coach, Inc. (COH)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.65 Million Position in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Boosts Position in Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Maintains Stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG)
Intuit Inc. (INTU) Stake Maintained by Palisades Hudson Asset Management L.P.
27,623 Shares in V.F. Corporation (NYSE:VFC) Acquired by Achmea Investment Management B.V.
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Maintains Position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG)
Credit Suisse AG Increases Stake in UGI Corporation (UGI)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Position Maintained by Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Has $1,170,000 Position in The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (NASDAQ:GT)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Position in The Valspar Corp (NYSE:VAL)
Jane Street Group LLC Takes Position in CoreSite Realty Corporation (COR)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $28.44 Million Stake in Fortis Inc. (NYSE:FTS)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.73 Million Position in Regency Centers Corporation (NYSE:REG)
S. R. Schill & Associates Has $520,000 Stake in Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC)
46,395 Shares in Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Acquired by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ
HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group
Laffer Investments Holds Stake in Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW)
Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd Has $232,000 Stake in Devon Energy Corporation (DVN)
eBay Inc. (EBAY) Position Lowered by Fiduciary Trust Co.


 


Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 13th, 2017 // No Comments 

Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff sold 14,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.33, for a total value of $667,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 59,001 shares in the company, valued at $2,733,516.33. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 
Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) traded up 0.98% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $46.27. The company had a trading volume of 583,176 shares. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $34.54 and a 52 week high of $48.91. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $46.28 and a 200 day moving average of $44.50. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.54 and a beta of 1.21. 




Donaldson Company (NYSE:DCI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Donaldson Company had a net margin of 9.72% and a return on equity of 28.12%. The company had revenue of $608.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $580.44 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.43 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 6.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) earnings per share for the current year. 


 Get Donaldson Company Inc. alerts:



The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 12th were given a $0.175 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, June 8th. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.51%. Donaldson Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 41.92%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Director John Wiehoff Sells 14,400 Shares” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/13/donaldson-company-inc-dci-director-john-wiehoff-sells-14400-shares-of-stock-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Stifel Nicolaus restated a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 target price (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson Company in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Donaldson Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 12th. BidaskClub lowered Donaldson Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson Company in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upgraded Donaldson Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $48.25.
Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Donaldson Company by 5,553.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,390,356 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $472,970,000 after buying an additional 10,206,564 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Donaldson Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $42,611,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 8.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,152,840 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $553,197,000 after buying an additional 930,432 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 25.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,411,896 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $109,787,000 after buying an additional 496,064 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Donaldson Company by 185.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 542,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $22,807,000 after buying an additional 352,100 shares during the period. 78.78% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Donaldson Company Company Profile
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

















































Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price - BNB Daily












 
















 

 

Home » Investing



Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about HealthSouth Corp (NYSE:HLS) has trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Press coverage about Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) has trended positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) has been trending positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Ford Motor (F) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media headlines about Ford Motor (NYSE:F) have been trending somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group scores the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources...  




Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.14

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News headlines about Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) have trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. The research firm identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and...  




Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Genesis Energy, L.P. (NYSE:GEL) has been trending somewhat positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) Share Price

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) has been trending positive on Thursday, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Accern ranks...  




Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Scotiabank

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) was upgraded by stock analysts at Scotiabank from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report released on Wednesday, July 5th. The brokerage presently...  




Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) was upgraded by stock analysts at BidaskClub from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday, July 5th.
A number of other brokerages have...  




Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) Upgraded to “Buy” by Citigroup Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday, July 5th, MarketBeat.com reports. The brokerage currently has $15.00 price objective...  




AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday, July 5th.
According to Zacks, “AG Mortgage...  




Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) Receives “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th. They currently have a $41.00 price objective...  




Zacks Investment Research Lowers Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) to Hold

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “GUIDANCE...  




Black Box Corporation (BBOX) Rating Increased to Buy at Sidoti

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sidoti upgraded shares of Black Box Corporation (NASDAQ:BBOX) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. Sidoti currently has $10.00 price objective on the...  




Mizuho Lowers Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) to Neutral

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mizuho downgraded shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Tuesday, July 4th, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Mizuho currently has $150.00 price objective...  




Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “Harmonic designs,...  




Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cantor Fitzgerald restated their buy rating on shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, Marketbeat Ratings reports. Cantor Fitzgerald currently has a $1,070.00 price objective on the...  




Sysco Corporation’s (SYY) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a $60.00...  




Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Praxair (PX) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about Praxair (NYSE:PX) has trended somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. Accern identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one research firms that are currently covering the firm, Marketbeat Ratings reports. One research analyst...  




Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the seven ratings firms that are covering the company, MarketBeat reports. One analyst has rated the stock...  




Rice Energy Inc. (RICE) Rating Lowered to Hold at KLR Group

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

KLR Group lowered shares of Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat reports. They currently have $27.00 price target on the oil and gas...  




$0.39 Earnings Per Share Expected for Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) This Quarter

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Wall Street brokerages forecast that Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) will announce earnings per share of $0.39 for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have provided estimates for Axalta...  




Eagle Materials Inc (EXP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.17 Per Share

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Equities analysts expect Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) to report earnings of $1.17 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Eagle Materials’ earnings,...  




Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ:MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (ADSW) Head to Head Analysis

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ: MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (NASDAQ:ADSW) are both finance companies, but which is the superior investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their earnings, dividends,...  




Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Sells 669,521 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Levin Capital Strategies L.P. cut its position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) by 91.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 62,473...  




Phillips 66 (PSX) Shares Sold by South State Corp

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

South State Corp cut its position in Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) by 19.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 49,006 shares of the oil and gas company’s...  




Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 7,102 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. decreased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS) by 19.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Stake Increased by Blue Chip Partners Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Blue Chip Partners Inc. raised its position in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 16,110 shares...  




Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Position Maintained by Pettee Investors Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Pettee Investors Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,332 shares...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.25 Million Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO) (TSE:IMO) by 4.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission...  




Citigroup Inc. (C) Stake Decreased by NEXT Financial Group Inc

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

NEXT Financial Group Inc reduced its position in shares of Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) by 31.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 14,080 shares of the financial...  




Essex Financial Services Inc. Has $261,000 Position in FedEx Corporation (FDX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Essex Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) by 14.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,335 shares of the shipping service provider’s...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.28 Million Stake in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) by 30.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)....  




Omnia Family Wealth LLC Maintains Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Omnia Family Wealth LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,836 shares of...  




Eagle Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Eagle Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) by 11.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned...  




Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Warren Averett Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.33 Million Stake in BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (NYSE:BXS) by 4.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The...  




HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 75,500...  




Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

B. Riley reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) in a report released on Thursday, June 29th. B. Riley currently has a $31.00 price target on the semiconductor company’s stock.
A...  




VCA Inc. (WOOF) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VCA Inc. (NASDAQ:WOOF) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th.
According to Zacks, “VCA Inc. is a national animal healthcare...  




Cray Inc (CRAY) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Cray Inc (NASDAQ:CRAY) by 4.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 212,960...  




149,273 Shares in Premier, Inc. (PINC) Acquired by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. acquired a new position in Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 149,273 shares of the...  




Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:CY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th. The brokerage presently has a $15.00...  




Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Downgraded to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) was downgraded by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, July 3rd, Marketbeat reports. They currently have a GBX...  




Beaufort Securities Downgrades Fox Marble Holdings PLC (FOX) to Hold

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Beaufort Securities downgraded shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday, July 3rd.
Shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) traded up 0.000% on Monday, hitting...  




VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (VDSI) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday, June...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Morgan Stanley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Morgan Stanley restated their equal weight rating on shares of General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) in a research report sent to investors on Sunday, June 25th. Morgan Stanley currently has a $55.00 price target on the stock, down from...  




Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Sunday, June 25th. They presently have a $47.00 price objective on the industrial...  




$7.06 Billion in Sales Expected for Philip Morris International Inc (PM) This Quarter

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Brokerages expect Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) to post $7.06 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Philip Morris International’s...  


Next » 














Free Email Newsletter
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.41
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Position Raised by Delta Lloyd NV
Rogers Corporation (ROG) Position Cut by Prudential Financial Inc.
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Shares Bought by Mason Street Advisors LLC
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Position Raised by Wealthsource Partners LLC
Nordea Investment Management AB Sells 889,163 Shares of Stryker Corporation (SYK)
Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 11 Shares of Cubic Corporation (CUB)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,349 Shares of Vipshop Holdings Limited (VIPS)
Premier Asset Managment LLC Has $369,000 Position in Accenture PLC (ACN)
Allergan PLC. (AGN) Shares Sold by Mayo Investment Advisers LLC
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Prudential Financial Inc. Acquires 72 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE)
Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 1,732 Shares of Woodward, Inc. (WWD)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Acquires 249,725 Shares of Enbridge Energy Management LLC (EEQ)
USS Investment Management Ltd Has $22,858,000 Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)
Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) SVP Sells $29,984.00 in Stock
GTT Communications, Inc. (NYSE:GTT) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share


 


















