

















Randy R. Wiese - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Randy R. Wiese
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at CSG Systems International, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Randy R. Wiese? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Randy R. Wiese's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Randy R. Wiese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Randy R. Wiese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Randy R. Wiese through your network of contacts.
												








Randy R. Wiese's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
CSG Systems International, Inc.


Past
To view Randy R. Wiese's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Nebraska at Omaha


Age
57

 
 


Randy R. Wiese's Biography




			Mr. Wiese, 57, serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for CSG. Mr. Wiese joined CSG in 1995 as Controller and later served as Chief Accounting Officer. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2006. Prior to joining CSG, he was manager of audit and business advisory services and held other accounting-related positions at Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Wiese is a member of the AICPA and the Nebraska Society of Certified Public Accountants. He holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Nebraska-Omaha.
		
Source: CSG Systems International, Inc. on 02/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Randy R. Wiese's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Randy R. Wiese. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Randy R. Wiese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Randy R. Wiese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Randy R. Wiese through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Randy R. Wiese


















Randy R. Wiese's Connections (24)





Sign up now to view Randy R. Wiese's 24 connections »









Joseph T. Ruble
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Administrative Officer, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Bret C. Griess
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Peter E. Kalan
Former Chief Executive Officer, CSG Systems International, Inc.









James A. Unruh
Board Member, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Kenneth M. Kennedy
Executive Vice President, Product Development, CSG Systems International, Inc.









David G. Barnes
Board Member, CSG Systems International, Inc.









John P. Pogge
Former President, Chief Operating Officer, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Janice I. Obuchowski
Board Member, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Bernard W. Reznicek
Former Board Member, CSG Systems International, Inc.









Neal C. Hansen
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, CSG Systems International, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Wiese, Randy - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Randy  Wiese
Randy Wiese is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CSG Systems International, Inc. Mr. Wiese joined CSG International in 1995 as Controller and later served as Chief Accounting Officer. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2006. Prior to joining CSG, he was Manager of audit and business advisory services and held other accounting-related positions at Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Wiese is a member of the AICPA and the Nebraska Society of Certified Public Accountants, and serves on the board for Habitat for Humanity-Omaha Chapter. He holds a B.S. degree in accounting from the University of Nebraska-Omaha.
Related Interviews:Interview with the EVP and CFO: CSG Systems International, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSGS)June 03, 2016







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














	 RANDY WIESE 6052564301 Madison SD 57042













































































SBN.com...where you can tell the world about your buying experiences and help others know before they buy...





Home
| Login















I'm Looking For




In


















New Reviewers
















                
            








                          RANDY WIESE
                        



                              1010 Ne 15th St

                              Madison, 
                                SD,57042


                          605‑256‑4301 


Edit or Claim this listing


                        Tell the world what you think about

                            RANDY WIESE
Write a Review


     

(0) Reviews





This business listing has not yet been claimed.

Whats This?

This business listing has not yet been claimed.























                           Business Details

RANDY WIESE is located in Madison, SD

                           Products

RANDY WIESE has not updated this section.

                           Services

RANDY WIESE can be reached at 605‑256‑4301

Reviews(0) Write Review




                                 RANDY WIESE 

0out of 5 based on 
0reviews



Have you done business with RANDY WIESE in Madison, SD? If so, please provide a brief commentary or review to share your experience with others.


Write a Review 




















Rating:




     





Review Title:



Review title is required.




Review:
(Must be between
                                             
                                             50-1000 characters)



0 character
Review is required.Review length must be at least 50 characters.























Member Login




Username

Username is required.




Password
Password is required.






Are you new to
                                                      SBN.com?
                                                      Sign Up Now!







First Name

First name is required.


Last Name

Last name is required.




User Name (6 to 20 characters)

Login is required.

The display name is already in our system, please try a different name.


Zip Code

Zip Code is Required
The Zip Code is incorrect




Email

Email is required.
Email does not appear valid.

The email address is already in our system, please use a different email address.





I have read and understand the 
                                                               Terms of Service
You must accept the Terms of Service to continue.





                                                               Cancel













Qualified Review


                                                               All members of SBN.com are eligible to write a summary (review) of their own personal experience about a business that has
                                                               been referred into the Superior Business Network (SBN.com). Both the customer and the business owner can win from the use
                                                               of reviews. Customers can ultimately get better products and services, and business owners can keep a pulse on what their
                                                               customers are saying about their business, respond to the reviews and make improvements to their business if necessary.
                                                               These reviews must be meaningful and substantive and contain appropriate written content, per the SBN.com Terms and Conditions
                                                               published on the SBN.com website. These reviews will be posted on the POPP page of the business.


                                                               A qualified review is one that is one of the first ten (10) reviews written in response to an Introductory Offer or a Killer
                                                               Deal. Compensation for qualified reviews will be paid in accordance with the standard SBN.com compensation plan, which can
                                                               range from $1.00 to $5.00 per qualified review.














It may take up to three (3) days for your review to appear on the web site. Your review will,
                                                      however, show in your Command Center immediately.
                                                      


We respect your Privacy and
                                                      will not share your information with third parties. 
































































Home
Advertise with Us
Affiliate Program
About Us
Login
Privacy
Terms of Service
FAQS



© boatersbook.com 2009-2017




















Leadership Team / CSG International















Search
Menu













Home


Blog


Partners


About CSG


Services


Careers


News & Events


Investor Relations


Contact Us






Industries


Solutions


Resources









































				Leadership Team			







							Bret Griess
							
								President and Chief Executive Officer
							


							Mr. Griess currently serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. He joined CSG in 1996 as a project manager and held a variety of positions in Operations and Information Technology, until being appointed Executive Vice President of Operations in February 2009, Chief Operating Officer in March 2011, and President in June 2015. In January 2016, Mr. Griess was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board. Prior to joining CSG, Mr. Griess was Genesis Product Manager with Chief Automotive Systems from 1995 to 1996, and an information systems analyst with the Air Force from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Griess holds an M.A. degree in Management and a B.S. degree in Management from Bellevue University in Nebraska, an A.A.S. degree from the Community College of the Air Force, and an A.S. degree in Business Administration from Eastern Florida State College, formerly Brevard Community College.
						






							Randy Wiese
							
								Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
							


							Mr. Wiese joined CSG International in 1995 as Controller and later served as Chief Accounting Officer. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2006. Prior to joining CSG, he was manager of audit and business advisory services and held other accounting-related positions at Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Wiese is a member of the AICPA and the Nebraska Society of Certified Public Accountants, and serves on the Board for Habitat for Humanity-Omaha Chapter. He holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from the University of Nebraska-Omaha.
						






							Ken Kennedy
							
								Executive Vice President, Product Development
							


							Mr. Kennedy became Executive Vice President of Product Development in March 2016.  In this role, he defines CSG’s product and technology roadmap while aligning the company’s technical vision with its business strategy.  Mr. Kennedy is responsible for the definition, development and operations of CSG’s software solutions.  Prior to this role, he served as CSG’s Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product Management, Development and Operations from 2006 to 2016, managing CSG’s software development organization and implementing technology initiatives for CSG’s product offerings.  Prior to his role at CSG, Mr. Kennedy was one of the original founders of Telution where he served as Vice President of Software Development and Professional Services from 1998 to 2006.  Prior to Telution, Mr. Kennedy worked at Andersen Consulting where he was responsible for developing highly-scalable distributed software solutions for the manufacturing, financial services, and communications industries.  Mr. Kennedy received a Bachelor of Business Administration and Management Information Systems from the University of Notre Dame.
						






							Brian Shepherd
							
								Executive Vice President and President, Global Broadband, Cable and Satellite Business
							


							Mr. Shepherd joined CSG in 2016 to focus on accelerating the growth and strategic direction of CSG’s global broadband, cable and direct broadcast satellite business, where CSG has served as a trusted partner to the largest companies in the industry for more than 30 years.  Mr. Shepherd is an international business expert with strong management, customer relationship, global sales, strategy and corporate growth experience.  In previous executive roles at companies such as TeleTech, Amdocs, DST Innovis, and McKinsey & Company, Shepherd built a successful history of helping companies drive and achieve their strategic growth initiatives.  With more than 15 years in the cable and communications industries, he has built wide and deep relationships with C-Suite leaders, decision-makers and policy influencers who have shaped these industries globally.  Mr. Shepherd graduated Magna cum laude in Economics from Wabash College and received a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School.
						






							Kent Steffen
							
								President, Global OTT Business
							


							Mr. Steffen leads CSG’s over-the-top (OTT) digital services initiatives, enabling content providers, retailers and studios to develop and implement digital content monetization, marketing, and management strategies.   Prior to joining CSG in 2006, Mr. Steffen was the CEO of Telution, a software company serving leading communication and cable providers which he co-founded in 1998. He also led enterprise-level programs in the communications, healthcare, and financial services industries at Andersen Consulting. While at Andersen, Mr. Steffen served as lead architect in the communications industry practice and worked with long distance and local providers to create customer care solutions.  Mr. Steffen received a Bachelor of Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
						






							Phillip Yoo
							
								President, Global Carrier Business
							


							Mr. Yoo became President of CSG’s Global Carrier Business in March 2016.  In this position, he sets and executes the strategic direction for sales and delivery of CSG’s solutions for telecommunications and wireless carriers worldwide, while guiding existing customers to success through the digital transformation of the telecom industry.  Mr. Yoo is focused on expanding CSG’s telecommunications industry footprint across the globe.  Most recently, Mr. Yoo served as CSG’s senior vice president of global services from 2014 to 2016.  His previous roles span from product management, software development, professional services and service delivery at companies including Ericsson, Comverse, Telcordia and Lucent Technologies.  Mr. Yoo holds a Bachelor of Computer Science from Harvard University and a Master of Management from MIT’s Sloan School of Management.
						






							Liz Bauer
							
								Senior Vice President, Chief Communications and Investor Relations Officer
							


							Ms. Bauer directs CSG’s global investor relations, brand, marketing, and corporate communications initiatives. She has almost 20 years of experience with CSG and was instrumental in the early growth of the company.  Ms. Bauer has performed as a strategic advisor to the company’s leadership team during key points in CSG’s evolution, including repositioning following an ownership change, executive leadership transitions, multiple integrations following acquisitions and various new product launches.  She brings more than two decades of combined business management, investor relations and integrated communications experience, including managing a Midwest-based advertising agency.  Ms. Bauer serves on the board of the National Investor Relations Institute.  She holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Creighton University.
						






							Greg Cannon
							
								Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
							


							Mr. Cannon leads CSG’s legal, compliance, global health and safety and quality management programs and also serves as the Chief Compliance Officer for the corporation.  Mr. Cannon has more than 25 years of experience in leading high performance legal, government affairs and compliance teams.  He has a proven track record of handling complex legal issues, working with a variety of customers and suppliers, resolving challenging disputes and managing corporate risk with a high level of integrity.  Mr. Cannon joined CSG in 2007 and rose to the role of Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer until accepting his current position in 2016.  Prior to joining CSG, Greg worked for a number of large telecommunications and cable companies including MediaOne, AT&T Broadband and Adelphia.  Mr. Cannon received a Juris Doctorate from the University of Denver, College of Law, as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Northern Colorado.
						






							Derek Locke
							
								Senior Vice President,Chief Strategy Officer
							


							As Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President for CSG, Mr. Locke positions CSG for long-term success by driving company-wide strategic initiatives and leading corporate development efforts.  In addition, Mr. Locke oversees market and competitive intelligence, mergers and acquisitions and the company’s strategic planning process. Prior to joining CSG, Mr. Locke most recently was a Partner and Managing Director with The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) for 18 years where he focused on the telecommunications, media and technology sectors.  He also worked for Sprint Corporation where he was nominated to the inaugural class of a selective leadership development program.  Prior to his time at Sprint, Mr. Locke served as a Systems Consultant at Andersen Consulting. Mr. Locke is a graduate of the University of Kansas where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration. He also holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the Duke University Fuqua School of Business.
						






							Lonnie Mahrt
							
								Senior Vice President, Operations and Chief Information Officer
							


							As Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Operations for CSG, Mr. Mahrt serves as head of CSG’s shared platform and technology infrastructure including CSG’s Cybersecurity, responsible for the effective and efficient development, operation and maintenance of existing and new CSG Shared Platforms.  After joining CSG in 2001, Mr. Mahrt has held increasing roles of responsibility within CSG in areas including disaster recovery, corporate shared systems, operations including International Managed Service, information security and privacy.  Mr. Mahrt was the Director of IT at TDAmeritrade from 1999 to 2001 where he was responsible for the company’s data center operations and IT management. Additionally, he served as Data Center and Network Operations Manager at MCI, where he held increasing levels of responsibility for IT and data center operations.  In 2012, Mr. Mahrt was named CIO of the Year by Network Products Guide.  Mr. Mahrt is a graduate of Doane University where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration with a minor in computer science and emphasis in finance. He also holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of Nebraska.
						






							Christine Mellon
							
								Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
							


							Ms. Mellon joined CSG in 2016 as the company’s chief human resources officer, tasked to further build the company’s progressive, employee-centric culture.  Ms. Mellon has more than 25 years of human resources expertise developed in leadership roles in technology, financial services and pharmaceutical organizations.  From 2013 – 2016, she served as vice president of human capital management transformation at Oracle.  Prior to that, she led global human resources for Aepona and Echostar as well as gaining operational leadership experience through sales and service delivery early in her career.  Ms. Mellon has directed organizational efforts in leadership development, learning, talent management, succession planning, talent acquisition, mergers and acquisitions, engagement, compensation and benefits and change management.  Ms. Mellon has a Bachelor of Psychology degree from Villanova University.
						








About CSG



Corporate Vision


Client List


Awards


Industry Associations


Social Media


Board of Directors


Leadership Team






			Contact CSG
		



					Request Information
				



					Local Offices							
				














































Home


Industries


Solutions


Services


Partners


Resources


Careers


Contact


About


News & Events


Blog


Investor Relations







								© 2017 CSG International
							


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Admin






















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 













 













 


