WildHorse Resource Development 10-K Mar. 31, 2017  5:01 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»WildHorse Resource Development (WRD)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportMar. 31, 2017  5:01 PM|About: WildHorse Resource Development (WRD)View as PDF

 WildHorse Resource Development Corp (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/31/2017 17:03:35) 









	 


	 


	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 


	Form 10-K


	 


	(Mark One)







	☒





	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016


	OR







	☐





	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	Commission File Number: 001-37964


	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)


	 


	 






	Delaware




	 




	81-3470246






	( State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)




	 




	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)






	 




	 




	 






	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400, Houston, TX




	 




	77024






	(Address of principal executive offices)




	 




	(Zip Code)







	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (713) 568-4910


	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


	 






	Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share




	 




	New York Stock Exchange






	(Title of each class)




	 




	(Name of each exchange on which registered)






	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

	None



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  

	☐

	    No  

	☒



	Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  

	☐

	    No  

	☒



	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

	☒

	    No  

	☐



	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  

	☐

	    No  

	☐



	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  

	☒



	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 








	Large accelerated filer





	☐





	 




	Accelerated filer





	☐







	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Non-accelerated filer





	☒





	(Do not check if a small reporting company)




	Small reporting company





	☐








	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  

	☐

	    No  

	☒



	As of June 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant’s equity was not listed on any domestic exchange or over-the-counter market.  The registrant’s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on December 14, 2016.


	As of March 16, 2017, the registrant had 93,987,541 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value outstanding.


	 


	DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


	 


	The Company’s definitive proxy statement relating to the annual meeting of shareholders (to be held May 18, 2017) will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and is incorporated by reference in Part III to the extent described herein.


	 


	 




	 





	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION



	TABLE OF CONTENTS


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Page






	 




	 




	PART I




	 




	 






	Item 1.




	 






	Business






	 




	10






	Item 1A.




	 






	Risk Factors






	 




	31






	Item 1B.




	 






	Unresolved Staff Comments






	 




	53






	Item 2.




	 






	Properties






	 




	53






	Item 3.




	 






	Legal Proceedings






	 




	53






	Item 4.




	 






	Mine Safety Disclosures






	 




	53






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	PART II




	 




	 






	Item 5.




	 






	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities






	 




	54






	Item 6.




	 






	Selected Financial Data






	 




	55






	Item 7.




	 






	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations






	 




	57






	Item 7A.




	 






	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk






	 




	73






	Item 8.




	 






	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data






	 




	75






	Item 9.




	 






	Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure






	 




	75






	Item 9A.




	 






	Controls and Procedures






	 




	75






	Item 9B.




	 






	Other Information






	 




	76






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	PART III




	 




	 






	Item 10.




	 






	Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance






	 




	77






	Item 11.




	 






	Executive Compensation






	 




	77






	Item 12.




	 






	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters






	 




	77






	Item 13.




	 






	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence






	 




	77






	Item 14.




	 






	Principal Accounting Fees and Services






	 




	77






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	PART IV




	 




	 






	Item 15.




	 






	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules






	 




	79






	 


	 


	 


	i




	 





	GLOSSARY OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS



	The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this document, which are commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry:


	3-D seismic:

	Geophysical data that depict the subsurface strata in three dimensions. 3-D seismic typically provides a more detailed and accurate interpretation of the subsurface strata than 2-D, or two-dimensional, seismic.



	Basin:

	A large natural depression on the earth’s surface in which sediments generally brought by water accumulate.



	Bbl:

	One stock tank barrel of 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	Bcf:

	One billion cubic feet of natural gas.



	Boe:

	One barrel of oil equivalent, calculated by converting natural gas to oil equivalent barrels at a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil. This is an energy content correlation and does not reflect a value or price relationship between the commodities.



	Boe/d:

	One Boe per day.



	British thermal unit or Btu:

	The quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water from 58.5 to 59.5 degrees Fahrenheit.



	Completion:

	Installation of permanent equipment for production of oil or gas, or, in the case of a dry well, to reporting to the appropriate authority that the well has been abandoned.



	Condensate:

	A mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.



	Delineation:

	The process of placing a number of wells in various parts of a reservoir to determine its boundaries and production characteristics.



	Developed acreage:

	The number of acres that are allocated or assignable to productive wells or wells capable of production.



	Development costs:

	Costs incurred to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the oil and natural gas. For a complete definition of development costs refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(7).



	Development project:

	The means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples, the development of a single reservoir or field, an incremental development in a producing field or the integrated development of a group of several fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.



	Development well:

	A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.



	Differential:

	An adjustment to the price of oil or natural gas from an established spot market price to reflect differences in the quality and/or location of oil or natural gas.



	Downspacing:

	Additional wells drilled between known producing wells to better develop the reservoir.



	Dry well:

	A well found to be incapable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of such production exceed production expenses and taxes.



	Economically producible:

	The term economically producible, as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds, or is reasonably expected to exceed, the costs of the operation. For a complete definition of economically producible, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(10).



	Estimated ultimate recovery or EUR:

	The sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.



	2




	 





	Exploratory well:


	A well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reser


	voir.



	Field:

	An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations. For a complete definition of field, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(15).



	Formation:

	A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock.



	Generation 1:

	  With respect to our Eagle Ford Acreage, a hybrid fracking technique using approximately 1,500 pounds per foot of sand and 33 Bbls per foot of fluid, with 200 foot stages and five clusters per stage at 80 barrels per minute. With respect to our North Louisiana Acreage, a slickwater fracking technique using approximately 1,450 pounds per foot of sand, with 200 foot stages and one cluster per stage at 57 barrels per minute.



	Generation 3:

	With respect to our Eagle Ford Acreage, a slickwater fracking technique using approximately 3,700 pounds per foot of sand and 75 Bbls per foot of fluid, with 150 foot stages and nine clusters per stage at 90 barrels per minute.



	Gross acres or gross wells:

	The total acres or wells, as the case may be, in which a working interest is owned.



	Held by production:

	Acreage covered by a mineral lease that perpetuates a company’s right to operate a property as long as the property produces a minimum paying quantity of oil or gas.



	Horizontal drilling:

	  A drilling technique used in certain formations where a well is drilled vertically to a certain depth and then drilled at a right angle within a specified interval.



	MBbls:

	One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	MBoe:

	  One thousand Boe.



	Mcf:

	One thousand cubic feet of natural gas.



	MMBbls:

	One million barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	MMBoe:

	One million Boe.



	MMBtu:

	One million British thermal units.



	Net acres or net wells:

	Gross acres or wells, as the case may be, multiplied by our working interest ownership percentage.



	Net production:

	Production that is owned less royalties and production due to others.



	NGLs:

	Natural gas liquids. Hydrocarbons found in natural gas which may be extracted as liquefied petroleum gas and natural gasoline.



	NYMEX:

	The New York Mercantile Exchange.



	Offset operator:

	Any entity that has an active lease on an adjoining property for oil, natural gas or NGLs purposes.



	Operator:

	The individual or company responsible for the development and/or production of an oil or natural gas well or lease.



	Play:

	A geographic area with hydrocarbon potential.



	Possible Reserves:

	Reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.



	Present value of future net revenues or PV-10:

	The estimated future gross revenue to be generated from the production of proved reserves, net of estimated production and future development and abandonment costs, using prices and costs in effect at the determination date, before income taxes, and without giving effect to non-property-related expenses, discounted to a present value using an annual discount rate of 10% in accordance with the guidelines of the SEC.



	3




	 





	Probable Reserves:


	Reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but that, together with proved reserves, are a


	s likely as not to be recovered.



	Production costs:

	Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities. For a complete definition of production costs, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(20).



	Productive well:

	A well that is found to be capable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of the production exceed production expenses and taxes.



	Prospect:

	A specific geographic area which, based on supporting geological, geophysical or other data and also preliminary economic analysis using reasonably anticipated prices and costs, is deemed to have potential for the discovery of commercial hydrocarbons.



	Proved area:

	Part of a property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.



	Proved developed reserves:

	Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through (i) existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well or (ii) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.



	Proved properties:

	Properties with proved reserves.



	Proved reserves:

	Those quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations—prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. For a complete definition of proved oil and natural gas reserves, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(22).



	Proved undeveloped reserves or PUDs:

	Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. Undrilled locations are classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances justify a longer time. Under no circumstances are estimates for proved undeveloped reserves attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.



	Realized price:

	The cash market price less all expected quality, transportation and demand adjustments.



	Reasonable certainty:

	A high degree of confidence. For a complete definition of reasonable certainty, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(24).



	Recompletion:

	The completion for production of an existing wellbore in another formation from that which the well has been previously completed



	Reliable technology:

	Reliable technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation.



	 


	 


	4




	 





	Reserves:


	Estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumul


	ations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and natural gas or related substances to market an


	d all permits and financing required to implement the project. Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves sh


	ould not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentia


	lly recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).



	Reservoir:

	A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or natural gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.



	Resources:

	Quantities of oil and natural gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.



	Royalty:

	An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds from the sale thereof), but does not require the owner to pay any portion of the production or development costs on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowner’s royalties, which are reserved by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner.



	Service well:

	A well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field.



	Spacing:

	The distance between wells producing from the same reservoir. Spacing is often expressed in terms of acres, e.g., 40-acre spacing, and is often established by regulatory agencies.



	Spot market price:

	The cash market price without reduction for expected quality, transportation and demand adjustments.



	Standardized measure:

	Discounted future net cash flows estimated by applying year-end prices to the estimated future production of year-end proved reserves. Future cash inflows are reduced by estimated future production and development costs based on period-end costs to determine pre-tax cash inflows. Future income taxes, if applicable, are computed by applying the statutory tax rate to the excess of pre-tax cash inflows over our tax basis in the oil and natural gas properties. Future net cash inflows after income taxes are discounted using a 10% annual discount rate.



	Stratigraphic test well:

	A drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition. Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified as “exploratory type” if not drilled in a known area or “development type” if drilled in a known area.



	Undeveloped acreage:

	Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves.



	Unit:

	The joining of all or substantially all interests in a reservoir or field, rather than a single tract, to provide for development and operation without regard to separate property interests. Also, the area covered by a unitization agreement.



	Unproved properties:

	Properties with no proved reserves.



	Wellbore:

	The hole drilled by the bit that is equipped for natural gas production on a completed well. Also called well or borehole.



	Working interest:

	The right granted to the lessee of a property to develop and produce and own natural gas or other minerals. The working interest owners bear the exploration, development and operating costs on either a cash, penalty or carried basis.



	Workover:

	Operations on a producing well to restore or increase production.



	WTI:

	West Texas Intermediate.



	5




	 





	Commonly Used Defined Terms



	As used in this Annual Report unless the context indicates or otherwise requires, the terms listed below have the following meanings:






	 





	•






	“the Company”, “WildHorse Development,” “we,” “our,” “us” or like terms refer collectively to WHR II and Esquisto, together with their consolidated subsidiaries before the completion of our Corporate Reorganization and to WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, including WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., as of and following the completion of our Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“WHR II” or our “predecessor” refers to WildHorse Resources II, LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, which owns all of our North Louisiana Acreage;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto” refers (i) for the period beginning January 1, 2014 through June 19, 2014, to the Initial Esquisto Assets, (ii) for the period beginning June 20, 2014 through February 16, 2015, to Esquisto I (iii) for the period beginning February 17, 2015 (date of common control) through January 11, 2016, to Esquisto I and Esquisto II on a combined basis and (iv) for the period beginning January 12, 2016 through the completion of our initial public offering on December 19, 2016, to Esquisto II;











	 





	•






	“Initial Esquisto Assets” refers to the oil and natural gas properties contributed to Esquisto I in connection with the formation of Esquisto I on June 20, 2014;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto I” refers to Esquisto Resources, LLC;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto II” refers to Esquisto Resources II, LLC;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Merger” refers to the merger of Esquisto I with and into Esquisto II on January 12, 2016;











	 





	•






	“Acquisition Co.” refers to WHE AcqCo., LLC, an entity formed to acquire the Burleson North Assets;











	 





	•






	“Previous owner” refers to both Esquisto and Acquisition Co.;











	 





	•






	“Management Members” refers (i) in the case of WHR II, collectively to the individual founders and employees and other individuals who, together with NGP, initially formed WHR II and (ii) in the case of Esquisto, collectively to the individual founders and employees and other individuals who initially formed Esquisto;











	 





	•






	the “Corporate Reorganization” refers to (prior to and in connection with our initial public offering) (i) the former owners of WHR II exchanging all of their interests in WHR II for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings and the former owners of Esquisto exchanging all of their interests in Esquisto for equivalent interests in Esquisto Investment Holdings, (ii) the contribution by WildHorse Investment Holdings to WildHorse Holdings of all of the interests in WHR II, the contribution by Esquisto Investment Holdings to Esquisto Holdings of all of the interests in Esquisto and the contribution by the former owner of Acquisition Co. of all its interests in Acquisition Co. to Acquisition Co. Holdings, (iii) the issuance of management incentive units by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings to certain of our officers and employees and (iv) the contribution by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings to us of all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., respectively, in exchange for shares of our common stock;











	 





	•






	“WildHorse Holdings” refers to WHR Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“WildHorse Investment Holdings” refers to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own all of the outstanding equity interests in WildHorse Holdings other than certain management incentive units issued by WildHorse Holdings in connection with our initial public offering as further described elsewhere in this Annual Report;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Holdings” refers to Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Investment Holdings” refers to Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own all of the outstanding equity interests in Esquisto Holdings other than certain management incentive units issued by Esquisto Holdings in connection with our initial public offering as further described elsewhere in this Annual Report;











	 





	•






	“Acquisition Co. Holdings” refers to WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;







	6




	 






	 





	•












	“North Louisiana Acreage” refers to our acreage in North Louisiana in and around the highly prolific Terryville Complex, which has been historically own


	ed and operated by WHR II, and where we primarily target the overpressured Cotton Valley play;











	 





	•






	“Terryville Complex” refers to the play located primarily in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, and northern Jackson Parish, Louisiana;











	 





	•






	“RCT Area” refers to our Ruston-Choudrant-Tremont acreage within the Terryville Complex located primarily in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana;











	 





	•






	“Weyerhaeuser Area” refers to the acreage that we have the right to lease within the Terryville Complex located in northern Jackson Parish, Louisiana, which acreage is included in our acreage in this Annual Report (see “Business—Reserve Data—Acreage);











	 





	•






	“Eagle Ford Acreage” refers to our acreage in the northern area of the Eagle Ford Shale in Southeast Texas, which has historically been owned and operated by Esquisto;











	 





	•






	“Burleson North Assets” refers to certain producing properties and undeveloped acreage that Acquisition Co. acquired from Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. prior to or contemporaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, which acquisition is referred to as the “Burleson North Acquisition;” and











	 





	•






	“NGP” refers to Natural Gas Partners, a family of private equity investment funds organized to make direct equity investments in the energy industry, including the funds invested in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co.







	7




	 





	FORWARD–LOOKING STATEMENTS



	This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”) contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).  All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report, the words “could,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report.


	Forward-looking statements may include statements about:






	 





	•






	our business strategy;











	 





	•






	our estimated proved, probable and possible reserves;











	 





	•






	our drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs;











	 





	•






	our ability to replace the reserves we produce through drilling and property acquisitions;











	 





	•






	our financial strategy, liquidity and capital required for our development program;











	 





	•






	our realized oil, natural gas and NGL prices;











	 





	•






	the timing and amount of our future production of oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	our hedging strategy and results;











	 





	•






	our future drilling plans;











	 





	•






	competition and government regulations;











	 





	•






	our ability to obtain permits and governmental approvals;











	 





	•






	pending legal or environmental matters;











	 





	•






	our marketing of oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	our leasehold or business acquisitions;











	 





	•






	costs of developing our properties;











	 





	•






	general economic conditions;











	 





	•






	credit markets;











	 





	•






	uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and











	 





	•






	plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Annual Report that are not historical.







	We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, incident to the development, production, gathering and sale of oil and natural gas. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, lack of availability of drilling and production equipment and services, environmental risks, drilling and other operating risks, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating reserves and in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and access to capital, the timing of development expenditures and the other risks described under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report.


	Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reserve engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development program. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.


	8




	 





	Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Annual Report occur, or should u


	nderlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.



	All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Annual Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue.


	Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report.


	9




	 











	PART


	I









	ITEM 1. BUSINESS


	Overview


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation, the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “WRD.”


	Our predecessor was formed in 2013.  We operate in one reportable segment engaged in the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources. Our assets are characterized by concentrated acreage positions in Southeast Texas and North Louisiana with multiple producing stratigraphic horizons, or stacked pay zones, and attractive single-well rates of return. In Southeast Texas, we primarily operate in Burleson, Lee and Washington Counties where we primarily target the Eagle Ford Shale. In North Louisiana, we operate in and around the highly prolific Terryville Complex, where we primarily target the overpressured Cotton Valley play.


	As of December 31, 2016, we had assembled a total leasehold position of approximately 467,319 gross (371,198 net) acres across our expanding acreage, including approximately 321,661 gross (262,742 net) acres in the Eagle Ford and approximately 145,658 gross (108,456 net) acres in North Louisiana. We have identified a total of approximately 4,548 gross (2,350 net) drilling locations across our acreage. For the year ended December 31, 2016, approximately 60%, 34% and 5% of our revenues were attributable to oil, natural gas and NGLs, respectively.


	Recent Developments


	Eagle Ford Acquisitions


	In February 2017, we announced multiple third-party transactions to acquire certain oil and natural gas producing and non-producing properties in Burleson County, TX for an aggregate price of approximately $15.6 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.  One transaction closed in February 2017 and the remaining transactions are expected to close in April 2017.


	2025 Senior Notes Offering


	In February 2017, we completed a private placement of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”) at 99.244% of par.  The 2025 Senior Notes will mature on February 1, 2025 and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of our existing and certain future subsidiaries.  We used the net proceeds of the offering to repay all of the borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, including funding our 2017 capital expenditures.


	Initial Public Offering


	On December 19, 2016, we completed our initial public offering pursuant to which we sold 27,500,000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $15.00 per share. We received net proceeds from such offering of $393.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and fees and expenses associated with such offering.


	We used the net proceeds from our initial public offering, along with approximately $230.6 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, as described below, to (i) fund the remaining portion of the Burleson North Acquisition purchase price and (ii) repay in full and terminate our prior revolving credit facilities and repay in full all notes payable by Esquisto to its members. In connection with our initial public offering, we completed the Corporate Reorganization, pursuant to which, among other things, WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were contributed to us by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings, respectively.


	On January 17, 2017, we also issued and sold 2,297,100 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $15.00 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option associated with our initial public offering (the “Option Exercise”). We received net proceeds of $32.6 million from the Option Exercise, all of which was used to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.


	 


	10




	 





	Revolving Credit Facility



	In connection with the closing of our initial public offering, we, as borrower, and our subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a five-year, $1.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility, with an initial borrowing base of $450.0 million (our “revolving credit facility”). In connection with our 2025 Senior Notes offering, our borrowing base was automatically reduced by $87.5 million. For more information, please see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt Agreements—Revolving Credit Facility.”


	Rosewood Acquisition


	In December 2016, we acquired from certain third parties approximately 7,500 net acres, consisting primarily of additional working interests in our Eagle Ford Acreage in Lee County in exchange for 1,308,427 shares of our common stock. The acreage we acquired resulted in the addition of approximately 78 net drilling locations to our drilling inventory.


	Burleson North Acquisition


	In December 2016, we acquired approximately 158,000 net acres of oil and gas properties adjacent to our Eagle Ford Acreage (the “Burleson North Assets”) from Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. for a purchase price of $389.8 million in cash. The Burleson North Assets produced an average of approximately 3.9 MBoe/d (80% oil) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and added 637 gross and net drilling locations to our drilling inventory.


	November Acquisition


	In November 2016, we acquired from certain third parties approximately 4,900 net acres in Burleson County for approximately $30.0 million. Such assets acquired added 68 gross (66 net) drilling locations to our drilling inventory and produced approximately 14 Boe/d as of October 1, 2016.


	Our Properties


	Eagle Ford Acreage


	The Eagle Ford Shale is one of the most active unconventional shale trends in North America. According to weekly rig count metrics published by Baker Hughes, the Eagle Ford Shale has consistently been one of the most active basins in the United States since 2011 and currently has the second highest rig count of all major U.S. basins.  The Eagle Ford Shale trends across Texas from the Mexican border north into East Texas and is roughly 50 miles wide and 400 miles long. The Eagle Ford Shale rests between the Austin Chalk and the Buda Lime at a depth of approximately 4,000 to 14,000 feet. As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 35,227 producing wells in the Eagle Ford with total production of 2.0 MMBoe/d in December 2016.


	We currently target a portion of the Eagle Ford Shale at depths between 7,000 feet and 12,200 feet primarily in Burleson, Lee and Washington Counties, Texas. This portion of the Eagle Ford Shale averages 125 feet in thickness and contains 70% carbonate. We believe that the elevated carbonate percentages are in large part responsible for the brittleness of the Eagle Ford and successful completions which exhibit high productivity when fractured. The overall clay content of the Eagle Ford increases regionally as it continues northeast into Brazos, Grimes and Madison Counties, Texas.


	We are focused on maximizing returns and expect operational efficiencies to extend beyond our existing drilling inventory to additional horizons. In addition, our acreage has been extensively developed for more than 40 years through the development of the Giddings Austin Chalk Trend. Based on analysis and interpretation of well results and other geologic and engineering data, we believe our acreage is also prospective for the Georgetown, Buda, Woodbine and Pecan Gap formations. Historical operators in the Giddings Austin Chalk Trend have experienced drilling and production success in these four horizons during our industry’s pre-multistage frac era (1970s-2000s). Future development results achieved by us and offset operators may allow us to expand our existing location inventory in these four intervals throughout our leasehold.


	We entered the Eagle Ford with the goal of redeveloping the area with horizontal drilling and modern completion techniques. Since that time, we have completed multiple bolt-on acquisitions and in-fill leases to build our current position in the Eagle Ford. We divide our Burleson County acreage into sub-regions, which we refer to as Burleson Main, Burleson North, Burleson West and Burleson South, based on our assessment of depth and reservoir characteristics, such as gas to oil ratio, pressure and clay content. All of our drilling activity has historically been focused in our Burleson Main area. We have identified a substantial inventory of 3,135 gross drilling locations within our Eagle Ford Acreage, consisting of 2,676 gross drilling locations in Burleson County, Texas, 423 gross drilling locations in Lee County, Texas, and 36 gross drilling locations in Washington County, Texas. The wells in our Eagle Ford Acreage have shown a strong track record of increasing EURs and a decreasing trend in drilling and completion capital costs.


	11




	 





	As of December 31, 2016, our Eagle Ford position included approximately 262,742 net acres. Also, as of December 31, 201


	6, approximately 49% of our Eagle Ford Acreage was held by production, with an average working interest of 82%, and, as of December 31, 2016, 24% of our 104.7 MMBoe of proved reserves were developed, 93% of which were liquids. To date, we have drilled and


	completed 38 wells, acquired 388 wells and participated in 28 wells resulting in total net production of approximately 6.7 MBoe/d (72% oil, 12% natural gas and 16% NGLs), including non-operated production.



	North Louisiana Acreage


	Within our North Louisiana Acreage we primarily target the overpressured Cotton Valley formation in the Terryville Complex. The Cotton Valley formation, extending across East Texas, North Louisiana and Southern Arkansas, has been under development since the 1930s and is characterized by thick, multi-zone natural gas and oil reservoirs with well-known geologic characteristics and long-lived, predictable production profiles. Over 23,000 vertical and horizontal wells have been completed throughout the trend. In 2005, operators started redeveloping the Cotton Valley using horizontal drilling and advanced hydraulic fracturing techniques. Through December 31, 2016, operators have drilled over 1,100 horizontal Cotton Valley wells. Some large, analogous redevelopment projects in the Terryville Complex include the Terryville play in Lincoln Parish, the Nan-Su-Gail area in Freestone County, East Texas and the Carthage Complex in Panola County, East Texas.


	Our North Louisiana Acreage spans across the Webster, Claiborne, Bienville, Lincoln, Jackson and Ouachita Parishes, focusing on the Bear Creek field and the RCT and Weyerhaeuser Areas, where we are targeting overpressured Cotton Valley opportunities in multiple zones. We believe the Terryville Complex, which has been producing since 1954, is one of North America’s most prolific liquids rich natural gas plays, characterized by high recoveries relative to drilling and completion costs, high initial production rates with high liquids yields, long reserve life, multiple stacked pay zones, available infrastructure and a large number of service providers. The RCT Area is a direct offset of the Terryville Field and is part of the same Terryville Complex trend. Our drilling activity is expected to focus on producing natural gas from the overpressured Cotton Valley formation in the Terryville Complex where we intend to target the Upper and Lower Red and Upper Deep Pink intervals.


	As of December 31, 2016, our North Louisiana Acreage included approximately 108,455 net acres. Also, as of December 31, 2016, 46% of our acreage was then held by production, with an average working interest of 74%, and 46% of our 48 MMBoe of proved reserves were developed, 98% of which were natural gas. As of December 31, 2016, we had drilled and completed 13 wells, acquired 605 wells and participated in two non-operated wells resulting in a total 2016 net production of approximately 7.8 MBoe/d (3% oil, 95% natural gas and 2% NGLs), including non-operated production. 


	Reserve Summary


	Our estimated proved reserves of were prepared by our internal reserve engineers and audited by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (“Cawley”), our independent reserve engineers.  As of December 31, 2016, we had 152.5 MMBoe of estimated proved reserves.  As of this date, our proved reserves were 35.5% natural gas and 64.5% oil and NGLs.  The following table provides summary information regarding our estimated proved reserves data and our average net daily production by area based on our reserve reports as of December 31, 2016:


	 








	Region




	 




	Proved Total


	(MMBoe)




	 




	 




	% Oil & Liquids




	 




	 




	%Developed




	 




	 




	Average

	 

	Net Daily


	Production


	(MBoe/d)




	 






	Eagle Ford




	 




	 




	104.7




	 




	 




	 




	92.8




	%




	 




	 




	24.3




	%




	 




	 




	6.7




	 






	North Louisiana




	 




	 




	47.8




	 




	 




	 




	2.5




	%




	 




	 




	45.7




	%




	 




	 




	7.8




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	152.5




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	14.5




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	Our estimated net proved reserves as of December 31, 2016 were determined using average first-day-of-the month prices for the prior 12 months in accordance with SEC rules. For oil and NGL volumes, the average WTI posted price of $42.75 per barrel as of December 31, 2016 was adjusted for quality, transportation fees and a regional price differential. For natural gas volumes, the average Henry Hub spot price of $2.481 per MMBtu as of December 31, 2016 was adjusted for energy content, transportation fees and a regional price differential. All prices are held constant throughout the lives of the properties. The average adjusted product prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of our properties are $40.34 per barrel of oil, $10.77 per barrel of NGL and $1.788 per Mcf of natural gas as of December 31, 2016.






	Business Strategies


	To achieve our primary objective of delivering shareholder value, we intend to execute the following business strategies:


	12




	 





	Grow production, reserves and cash flow through the dev


	elopment of our extensive drilling inventory.


	We believe our extensive inventory of drilling locations in the Eagle Ford and the overpressured Cotton Valley formation in and around the Terryville Complex, combined with our operating expertise, will enable


	us to continue to deliver accretive production, reserves and cash flow growth and create shareholder value. We have identified a total of approximately 4,548 gross (2,350 net) drilling locations across our acreage, with further upside potential given the m


	ultiple stacked pay zones across much of our acreage in addition to potential downspacing. We will continue to closely monitor offset operators as they delineate adjoining acreage and zones, providing us further data to optimize our development plan over t


	ime. We believe the location, concentration and scale of our core leasehold positions, coupled with our technical understanding of the reservoirs will allow us to efficiently develop our core areas and to allocate capital to maximize the value of our resou


	rce base.



	Maximize returns by optimizing drilling and completion techniques and improving operating efficiencies.

	Our management is intently focused on driving efficiencies in the development of our resource base by maximizing our hydrocarbon recovery per well while minimizing our drilling, completion and operating costs. To achieve these efficiencies, we focus on:







	 





	•






	minimizing the costs of drilling and completing horizontal wells through our knowledge of the target formations, pad drilling and reduced drilling times;











	 





	•






	maximizing EURs through advanced drilling, completion and production techniques, such as by optimizing lateral lengths, the number of hydraulic fracturing stages and perforation intervals, water and proppant volumes, fluid chemistry, choke management and the strategic use of artificial lift techniques;











	 





	•






	maximizing our cash flows by targeting specific areas within our balanced portfolio of oil and natural gas drilling opportunities based on the existing commodity price environment; and











	 





	•






	minimizing operating costs through our experience in efficient well management.







	In our Eagle Ford Acreage, we have reduced our drilling and completion costs per completed lateral foot by approximately 67%, from $2,958 per foot for our wells completed using Generation 1 hydraulic fracturing design to approximately $989 per foot for our wells completed using Generation 3 hydraulic fracturing design. Additionally, as we have transitioned our completion techniques in our Eagle Ford Acreage from Generation 1 to Generation 3 hydraulic fracturing designs, we have increased EURs by approximately 28% per completed lateral foot from an average of 76 Boe per foot to 97 Boe per foot. In our North Louisiana Acreage, we have reduced our drilling and completion costs per completed lateral foot by approximately 17%, from approximately $1,878 per foot for the year ended December 31, 2015 to approximately $1,559 per foot for the year ended December 31, 2016. Our drilling and completion cost reductions coupled with our completion design improvements are generating enhanced single-well recoveries and attractive returns in the current commodity environment, and we believe we can further optimize our results through these and other technologies across our acreage position.


	Capture additional horizontal development opportunities on current acreage.

	Our existing asset base provides numerous opportunities for our management team to create shareholder value by increasing our inventory beyond our currently identified drilling locations. Based on results from our horizontal drilling program and those of offset operators, including offset production trends, mud logs, 2-D and 3-D seismic, well data analysis and geologic trend mapping, we believe our acreage has multiple productive zones providing significant upside potential to our current inventory of identified drilling locations. We have excluded from our identified drilling locations potential opportunities associated with downspacing and with additional horizontal drilling locations in (i) the Austin Chalk trend in Burleson County, (ii) the Eagle Ford Shale in Washington County, (iii) the Buda, Woodbine, Georgetown and Pecan Gap zones that are present across much of our Eagle Ford Acreage and (iv) additional Cotton Valley intervals across our North Louisiana Acreage.



	Utilize extensive acquisition and technical expertise to grow our core acreage position.

	We have a demonstrated track record of identifying and cost effectively acquiring attractive resource development opportunities, including the recent acquisitions highlighted under “—Recent Developments.”  To date, our management and technical teams have completed numerous acquisitions, and we expect to continue to identify and opportunistically lease or acquire additional acreage and producing assets to add to our multi-year drilling inventory. We have followed a geologically driven strategy to establish large, contiguous leasehold positions in our two basins and strategically expand those positions through bolt-on acquisitions over time. We believe our Eagle Ford and North Louisiana Acreage create a platform upon which we can add value by acquiring additional acreage and incremental drilling locations near our current acreage. In this regard, NGP and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us for future acquisitions, and we do not expect to enter into any agreements or arrangement to apportion future opportunities between us, on the one hand, and NGP and its affiliates, on the other hand.





	Maintain a disciplined, growth-oriented financial strategy.

	We prudently manage our liquidity and leverage levels by monitoring cash flow, capital spending and debt capacity, which, being a two-basin company, we believe will allow us to strategically deploy capital among projects across our acreage. After giving effect to our 2025 Senior Notes offering, we have approximately



	13




	 



	$362.5 million of available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. We also had $105.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as of March 15, 2017. We intend to


	fund our growth primarily with internally generated cash flows while maintaining ample liquidity and access to the capital markets, which we believe will allow us to accelerate our development program and maximize the present value of our resource potenti


	al. Consistent with our disciplined approach to financial management, we have an active commodity hedging program that seeks to reduce our exposure to downside commodity price fluctuations, enabling us to protect cash flows and maintain liquidity to fund o


	ur capital program and investment opportunities.



	Business Strengths


	We believe that the following strengths will allow us to successfully execute our business strategies.


	Extensive, contiguous acreage position in two of North America’s leading oil and gas plays

	. We own an extensive and substantially contiguous acreage position targeting two of the premier plays in North America, the Eagle Ford Shale and the overpressured Cotton Valley formation in and around the Terryville Complex. As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately 467,319 gross (371,198 net) acres and we had 152.5 MMBoe of proved reserves (57.4% oil, 35.5% natural gas and 7.1% NGLs) across our acreage. We believe that our recent well results demonstrate that many of the wells on our high-quality acreage are capable of producing single-well rates of return that are competitive with many of the top performing basins in the United States. Furthermore, the location of our acreage provides us with lower operating costs and better realized pricing than other companies operating in different basins around the country due to our acreage’s proximity to the end markets for oil, natural gas and NGLs.



	Multi-year inventory of drilling opportunities across our acreage position.

	We have identified approximately 4,548 gross (2,350 net) drilling locations across our acreage position, providing us with approximately 45 years of drilling inventory based on our 2017 drilling program. On our Eagle Ford Acreage, our horizontal drilling locations target the Eagle Ford Shale in Burleson and Lee Counties and the Austin Chalk in Washington County, and on our North Louisiana Acreage, our horizontal drilling locations target the Upper Red, Lower Red and Upper Deep Pink zones in the RCT and Weyerhaeuser Areas in the overpressured Cotton Valley formation in the Terryville Complex. In addition, we believe our acreage position includes a number of additional areas and zones that are prospective for hydrocarbons. For example, we believe we may identify additional horizontal drilling locations in (i) the Austin Chalk trend in Burleson County, (ii) the Eagle Ford Shale in Washington County, (iii) the Buda, Woodbine, Georgetown and Pecan Gap zones that are present across much of our Eagle Ford Acreage and (iv) additional Cotton Valley intervals across our North Louisiana Acreage. Furthermore, we also believe that we may add horizontal drilling locations across our entire acreage position through downspacing.



	Significant operational control over our assets with low-cost operations.

	As the operator of a majority of our acreage, we have significant operational control over our assets. We seek to allocate capital among projects in a manner that optimizes both costs and returns, which we believe results in a highly efficient drilling program. We believe maintaining operational control will enable us to enhance returns by implementing more efficient and cost-effective operating practices, such as through the selection of economic drilling locations, the opportunistic timing of development and ongoing improvement of drilling, completion and operating techniques. Our contiguous acreage blocks, and our practice and history of exchanging and consolidating acreage with adjacent operators, allow us to increase our working interest in our wells and provide flexibility to adjust our drilling and completion techniques, such as pad drilling and the length of our horizontal laterals, in order to optimize our well results, drilling costs and returns.



	Balanced asset portfolio with significant capital allocation optionality.

	 We believe our balanced exposure to both oil and natural gas gives us the ability to adjust our capital plan and drilling program to rebalance our production as market conditions evolve. We have significant exposure to natural gas and NGLs in our North Louisiana Acreage and significant exposure to oil and NGLs in our Eagle Ford Acreage. As of December 31, 2016, 64.5% and 35.5% of our total proved reserves were comprised of liquids and natural gas, respectively.  In addition, approximately 44% and 56% of our production for the year ended December 31, 2016 was comprised of liquids and natural gas, respectively. As changes in the commodity price environment occur, we intend to adapt and manage our capital spending and production profile to benefit from these trends.





	Management and technical teams with substantial technical and operational expertise.

	Our management and technical teams have significant industry experience and a long history of collaboration in the identification, execution and integration of acquisitions and in cost-efficient management of profitable, large-scale drilling programs. Additionally, we have substantial expertise in advanced drilling and completion technologies and decades of collective experience in operating in the Eagle Ford and North Louisiana. Mr. Graham, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Bahr, our President, co-founded one of the predecessors to, and Mr. Graham served as Chief Executive Officer of, Memorial Resource Development Corp. (“MRD”), which pioneered the horizontal redevelopment of the Terryville Complex, participating in the drilling of MRD’s initial 55 horizontal wells. Further, our management team has a proven track record of returning value to shareholders and a significant economic interest in us directly and through its equity interests in each of WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings.  We believe our management team is motivated to use its experience in identifying



	14




	 



	and creating value across our acreage and drilling highly productive wells to delive


	r attractive returns, maintain safe and reliable operations and create shareholder value.



	Geographically advantaged assets with significant midstream infrastructure to service our production.

	Our acreage position is in close proximity to end markets for oil, natural gas and NGLs, providing us with a regional price advantage. For example, low oil and natural gas basis differentials along the Gulf Coast represent a competitive advantage when compared to other plays, such as the Marcellus, Utica, Permian and DJ. Recently developed and low-cost legacy infrastructure is in place across significant portions of our acreage to support our development program. In addition, we own and operate a large portion of our necessary midstream infrastructure which provides us with improved netbacks. On our North Louisiana Acreage, we own and operate a gathering system with capacity of approximately 250 MMcf/d as of December 31, 2016, as well as a saltwater disposal well. On our Eagle Ford Acreage, we own substantial fresh water supply and storage and are in the process of developing a saltwater disposal well. Our midstream infrastructure allows us to realize lower operating costs and provides us with increased flexibility in our development program. In addition, while not currently contemplated, our midstream infrastructure could prove to be a future source of additional capital if monetized at an attractive valuation.



	Our Principal Stockholders


	WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings, NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. (“NGP XI”), and management directly own 22.6%, 41.2%, 2.7%, 9.6% and 1.4%, respectively, of our common stock. WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings are controlled by NGP.  As of February 14, 2017, according to its Schedule 13G filing, NGP and its affiliates (through WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and NGP XI) beneficially owned approximately 76.1% of our common stock.


	Reserve Data


	Preparation of Reserve Estimates


	Our reserve estimates as of December 31, 2016 included in this Annual Report are based on evaluations prepared by our management and audited by the independent petroleum engineering firm of Cawley in accordance with Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers and definitions and guidelines established by the SEC. Our independent reserve engineers were selected for their historical experience and geographic expertise in engineering similar resources.


	Proved reserves are reserves which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expires, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for estimation. If deterministic methods are used, the term “reasonable certainty” implies a high degree of confidence that the quantities of oil or natural gas actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. If probabilistic methods are used, there should at least be a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. The technical and economic data used in the estimation of our proved reserves include, but are not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, well-test data, production data (including flow rates), well data (including lateral lengths), historical price and cost information, and property ownership interests. Our independent reserve engineers use this technical data, together with standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric analysis, and analogy. The proved developed reserves and EURs per well are estimated using performance analysis and volumetric analysis. The estimates of the proved developed reserves and EURs for each developed well are used to estimate the proved undeveloped reserves for each proved undeveloped location (utilizing type curves, statistical analysis, and analogy).


	Internal Controls


	Our internal staff of petroleum engineers and geoscience professionals works closely with our independent reserve engineers to ensure the integrity, accuracy and timeliness of data furnished to our independent reserve engineers in their reserve auditing process. Periodically, our technical team meets with the independent reserve engineers to review properties and discuss methods and assumptions used by us to prepare reserve estimates.




	Reserve engineering is and must be recognized as a subjective process of estimating volumes of economically recoverable oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation. As a result, the estimates of different engineers often vary. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production may justify revisions of such estimates. Accordingly, reserve estimates often differ from


	15




	 



	the quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs that are ultimately recovered. Estimates


	of economically recoverable oil, natural gas and NGLs and of future net revenues are based on a number of variables and assumptions, all of which may vary from actual results, including geologic interpretation, prices and future production rates and costs


	. Please read “Item 1A. Risk Factors” appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report.



	For the year ended December 31, 2016, our reserve estimates and related reports were prepared internally and reviewed and approved by Jason Pearce.  Mr. Pearce is our Senior Vice President, Reserves and has approximately 18 years of experience in oil and gas operations, reservoir engineering, reserve management, unconventional reservoir characterization and strategic planning.  Cawley performed audits of our internally prepared reserves estimates on our proved reserves as of December 31, 2016. Our proved reserves are, in the aggregate, reasonable and within the established audit tolerance guidelines of 10%. The reports of Cawley contain further discussion of the reserves estimates and its audit procedure.


	Cawley was founded in 1961 and performs consulting petroleum engineering services under Texas Board of Professional Engineers Registration No. F-693. Within Cawley, the technical person primarily responsible for preparing the estimates shown herein with respect to WHR II and Esquisto, was Todd Brooker. Prior to joining Cawley, Mr. Brooker worked in Gulf of Mexico drilling and production engineering at Chevron USA. Mr. Brooker has been an employee of Cawley since 1992. His responsibilities include reserve and economic evaluations, fair market valuations, field studies, pipeline resource studies and acquisition/divestiture analysis. His reserve reports are routinely used for public company SEC disclosures. His experience includes significant projects in both conventional and unconventional resources in every major U.S. producing basin and abroad, including oil and gas shale plays, coalbed methane fields, waterfloods and complex, faulted structures.  Mr. Brooker graduated with honors from the University of Texas at Austin in 1989 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering, and is a registered Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. He is also a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.




	Estimated Proved Reserves


	The following table presents the estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2016, based on our audited reserve reports.


	 






	 




	 




	Oil


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Natural Gas


	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	NGLs


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Total


	(MBoe)




	 






	Estimated Proved Reserves




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total Proved Developed




	 




	 




	19,192




	 




	 




	 




	145,880




	 




	 




	 




	3,765




	 




	 




	 




	47,270




	 






	Total Proved Undeveloped




	 




	 




	68,255




	 




	 




	 




	179,222




	 




	 




	 




	7,109




	 




	 




	 




	105,235




	 






	Total Proved Reserves




	 




	 




	87,447




	 




	 




	 




	325,102




	 




	 




	 




	10,874




	 




	 




	 




	152,505




	 







	Development of Proved Undeveloped Reserves


	As of December 31, 2016, we had 105.2 MMBoe of proved undeveloped reserves consisting of 68.3 MBbls of oil, 179.2 MMcf of natural gas and 7.1 MBbls of NGLs.  None of our PUDs as of December 31, 2016 are scheduled to be developed on a date more than five years from the date the reserves were initially booked to PUDs. PUDs will be converted from undeveloped to developed as the applicable wells begin production.


	Our PUDs changed during 2016 as a result of:






	 





	•






	upward performance and price revisions of 5.4 MMBoe;











	 





	•






	acquisitions of 21.5 MMBoe; and











	 





	•






	reserve additions of 19.7 MMBoe.







	Reconciliation of PV-10 to Standardized Measure




	PV-10 is a non-GAAP financial measure and differs from the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. PV-10 is a computation of the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows on a pre-tax basis. PV-10 is equal to the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows at the applicable date, before deducting future income taxes, discounted at 10 percent. We believe that the presentation of PV-10 is relevant and useful to investors because it presents the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our estimated net proved reserves prior to taking into account future corporate income taxes, and it is a useful measure for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our oil and


	16




	 



	natural gas properties. Further, investors may utilize the measure as a basis for comparison of the relative size and valu


	e of our reserves to other companies without regard to the specific tax characteristics of such entities. We use this measure when assessing the potential return on investment related to our oil and natural gas properties. PV-10, however, is not a substitu


	te for the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows. Our PV-10 measure and the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows do not purport to represent the fair value of our oil and natural gas reserves.



	The following table provides a reconciliation of PV-10 of our proved reserves to the Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ending December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	 




	 




	(in thousands)




	 






	PV-10




	 




	$




	749,988




	 




	 




	$




	451,861




	 




	 




	$




	230,201




	 






	Less: present value of future income taxes discounted at 10%




	 




	 




	(206,947




	)




	 




	 




	(5,931




	)




	 




	 




	(302




	)







	Standardized measure




	 




	$




	543,041




	 




	 




	$




	445,930




	 




	 




	$




	229,899




	 






	Reserves Sensitivity


	Historically, commodity prices have been extremely volatile and we expect this volatility to continue for the foreseeable future. For example, for the three years ended December 31, 2016, the NYMEX-WTI oil spot price ranged from a high of $107.95 per Bbl to a low of $26.19 per Bbl, while the NYMEX-Henry Hub natural gas spot price ranged from a high of $8.15 per MMBtu to a low of $1.49 per MMBtu. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the West Texas Intermediate posted price ranged from a high of $54.01 per Bbl on December 28, 2016 to a low of $26.19 per Bbl on February 11, 2016 and the Henry Hub spot market price ranged from a high of $3.80 per MMBtu on December 7, 2016 to a low of $1.49 per MMBtu on March 4, 2016. NGL prices have also suffered significant recent declines.  The continuation of low prices for oil or natural gas could materially and adversely affect our financial position, our results of operations, the quantities of oil and natural gas reserves that we can economically produce and our access to capital.


	While it is difficult to quantify the impact of the continuation of low commodity prices on our estimated proved reserves with any degree of certainty because of the various components and assumptions used in the process of estimating reserves, the following sensitivity table is provided to illustrate the estimated impact of pricing changes on our estimated proved reserve volumes and standardized measure. In addition to different price assumptions, the sensitivity cases below include assumed capital and operating expense changes we would expect to realize under each scenario. Sensitivity cases are used to demonstrate the impact that a change in price and cost environment may have on reserves volumes and standardized measure. There is no assurance that these prices or cost savings will actually be achieved.








	 




	 




	Base Case (1)




	 




	 




	Case A (2)




	 




	 




	Case B (2)




	 






	Crude oil price ($/Bbl)




	 




	$




	42.75




	 




	 




	$




	48.00




	 




	 




	$




	55.00




	 






	Natural gas price ($/Mcf)




	 




	$




	2.481




	 




	 




	$




	2.93




	 




	 




	$




	3.43




	 






	NGL price ($/Bbl)




	 




	$




	42.75




	 




	 




	$




	48.00




	 




	 




	$




	55.00




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Capital expenditure increase




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	Flat




	 




	 




	 




	5




	%






	Operating expenditure increase




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	Flat




	 




	 




	 




	5




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Proved developed reserves (MMBoe)




	 




	 




	47,270




	 




	 




	 




	49,166




	 




	 




	 




	51,211




	 






	Proved undeveloped reserves (MMBoe)




	 




	 




	105,235




	 




	 




	 




	109,827




	 




	 




	 




	116,824




	 






	Total proved reserves (MMBoe)




	 




	 




	152,505




	 




	 




	 




	158,993




	 




	 




	 




	168,035




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	PV-10 value (in thousands) (3)




	 




	$




	749,988




	 




	 




	$




	1,036,433




	 




	 




	$




	1,484,776




	 






	Less: present value of future income taxes discounted at 10% (in thousands)




	 




	 




	(206,947




	)




	 




	 




	(292,641




	)




	 




	 




	(455,182




	)






	Standardized measure (in thousands)




	 




	$




	543,041




	 




	 




	$




	743,792




	 




	 




	$




	1,029,594




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	SEC pricing as of December 31, 2016 before adjustment for market differentials.










	 





	(2)





	Prices represent potential SEC pricing based on different pricing assumptions before adjustments for market differentials.










	 





	(3)





	PV-10 is a non-GAAP financial measure.  For a definition of PV-10, see “—Reserve Data—Reconciliation of PV-10 to Standard Measure.”






	17




	 





	Production, Revenue and Price History



	For a description of ours, our predecessor’s and the previous owners’ combined historical production, revenues and average sales prices and unit costs, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations.”


	The following tables summarize our average net production, average unhedged sales prices by product and average production costs by geographic region for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively:


	 








	 




	 




	Year Ended December 31, 2016




	 






	 




	 




	Oil




	 




	 




	Natural Gas




	 




	 




	NGLs




	 




	 




	Total




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Lease


	Operating


	Expense




	 






	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	($/Mcf)




	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 






	Eagle Ford




	 




	 




	1,765




	 




	 




	$




	41.21




	 




	 




	 




	1,750




	 




	 




	$




	2.20




	 




	 




	 




	404




	 




	 




	$




	11.74




	 




	 




	 




	2,461




	 




	 




	$




	33.05




	 




	 




	$




	2.42




	 






	North Louisiana




	 




	 




	83




	 




	 




	$




	38.70




	 




	 




	 




	16,070




	 




	 




	$




	2.47




	 




	 




	 




	67




	 




	 




	$




	15.54




	 




	 




	 




	2,828




	 




	 




	$




	15.52




	 




	 




	$




	2.25




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	1,848




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	17,820




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	471




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	5,289




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	$




	2.33




	 






	Average net production (MBoe/d)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	14.5




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 






	 




	 




	Year Ended December 31, 2015




	 






	 




	 




	Oil




	 




	 




	Natural Gas




	 




	 




	NGLs




	 




	 




	Total




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Lease


	Operating


	Expense




	 






	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	($/Mcf)




	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 






	Eagle Ford




	 




	 




	895




	 




	 




	$




	44.45




	 




	 




	 




	1,210




	 




	 




	$




	2.34




	 




	 




	 




	248




	 




	 




	$




	11.38




	 




	 




	 




	1,345




	 




	 




	$




	33.78




	 




	 




	$




	4.05




	 






	North Louisiana




	 




	 




	73




	 




	 




	$




	43.98




	 




	 




	 




	13,637




	 




	 




	$




	2.63




	 




	 




	 




	103




	 




	 




	$




	14.24




	 




	 




	 




	2,449




	 




	 




	$




	16.54




	 




	 




	$




	3.51




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	968




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	14,847




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	351




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	3,794




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	$




	3.70




	 






	Average net production (MBoe/d)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	10.4




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 






	 




	 




	Year Ended December 31, 2014




	 






	 




	 




	Oil




	 




	 




	Natural Gas




	 




	 




	NGLs




	 




	 




	Total




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Production


	Volumes




	 




	 




	Average


	Sales


	Price




	 




	 




	Lease


	Operating


	Expense




	 






	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	($/Mcf)




	 




	 




	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	(MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 




	 




	($/MBoe)




	 






	North Louisiana




	 




	 




	31




	 




	 




	$




	90.55




	 




	 




	 




	9,388




	 




	 




	$




	4.44




	 




	 




	 




	41




	 




	 




	$




	23.89




	 




	 




	 




	1,637




	 




	 




	$




	27.78




	 




	 




	$




	5.76




	 






	Average net production (MBoe/d)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	4.5




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	 


	Productive Wells


	Productive wells consist of producing wells and wells capable of production, including natural gas wells awaiting pipeline connections to commence deliveries and oil wells awaiting connection to production facilities. Gross wells are the total number of producing wells in which we own an interest, and net wells are the sum of our fractional working interests owned in gross wells. The following table sets forth information relating to the productive wells in which we owned a working interest as of December 31, 2016.


	 








	 




	 




	Oil




	 




	 




	Natural Gas




	 






	 




	 




	Gross




	 




	 




	Net




	 




	 




	Average


	Working


	Interest




	 




	 




	Gross




	 




	 




	Net




	 




	 




	Average


	Working


	Interest




	 






	Eagle Ford Acreage




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Operated




	 




	 




	359.00




	 




	 




	 




	337.44




	 




	 




	 




	93.99




	%




	 




	 




	36.00




	 




	 




	 




	30.25




	 




	 




	 




	84.03




	%






	Non-operated




	 




	 




	61.00




	 




	 




	 




	16.16




	 




	 




	 




	26.49




	%




	 




	 




	4.00




	 




	 




	 




	0.36




	 




	 




	 




	9.00




	%






	North Louisiana Acreage




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Operated




	 




	 




	7.00




	 




	 




	 




	4.78




	 




	 




	 




	68.29




	%




	 




	 




	428.00




	 




	 




	 




	316.03




	 




	 




	 




	73.84




	%






	Non-operated




	 




	 




	1.00




	 




	 




	 




	0.11




	 




	 




	 




	11.00




	%




	 




	 




	92.00




	 




	 




	 




	10.22




	 




	 




	 




	11.11




	%






	Total




	 




	 




	428.00




	 




	 




	 




	358.49




	 




	 




	 




	83.76




	%




	 




	 




	560.00




	 




	 




	 




	356.86




	 




	 




	 




	63.73




	%







	 


	18




	 







	Acreage



	The following table sets forth certain information regarding the total developed and undeveloped acreage in which we owned an interest as of December 31, 2016. Approximately 49% of our net Eagle Ford Acreage and 46% of our net North Louisiana Acreage was held by production at December 31, 2016.


	 






	Region




	 




	Developed Acres(1)




	 




	 




	Undeveloped Acres




	 




	 




	Total Acres




	 






	 




	 




	Gross (2)




	 




	 




	Net (3)




	 




	 




	Gross (2)




	 




	 




	Net (3)




	 




	 




	Gross (2)




	 




	 




	Net (3)




	 






	Eagle Ford Acreage




	 




	 




	10,752




	 




	 




	 




	8,325




	 




	 




	 




	310,909




	 




	 




	 




	254,418




	 




	 




	 




	321,661




	 




	 




	 




	262,743




	 






	North Louisiana Acreage




	 




	 




	80,759




	 




	 




	 




	49,450




	 




	 




	 




	64,899




	 




	 




	 




	59,005




	 




	 




	 




	145,658




	 




	 




	 




	108,455




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	91,511




	 




	 




	 




	57,775




	 




	 




	 




	375,808




	 




	 




	 




	313,423




	 




	 




	 




	467,319




	 




	 




	 




	371,198




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	Developed acres are acres spaced or assigned to productive wells or wells capable of production.










	 





	(2)





	A gross acre is an acre in which we own a working interest. The number of gross acres is the total number of acres in which we own a working interest.










	 





	(3)





	A net acre is deemed to exist when the sum of our fractional ownership working interests in gross acres equals one. The number of net acres is the sum of the fractional working interests owned in gross acres expressed as whole numbers and fractions thereof.






	Included in our North Louisiana Acreage in the table above are approximately 12,848 net acres we have the right to lease pursuant to an oil and gas lease option agreement with affiliates of Weyerhaeuser Company (“Weyerhaeuser”). Pursuant to that agreement, we have the right, upon notice to Weyerhaeuser, to lease acreage in exchange for a specified bonus payment. Upon such notice and our payment of the applicable bonus payment, Weyerhaeuser is obligated under the option agreement to enter into a three-year lease with us for the acreage we specify in the notice. The purchase price of this option was $0.5 million, and in addition, we also made a prepayment of $0.4 million as an initial lease bonus for 1,285 unspecified net acres associated with leases under the option. In October 2016, we made a payment of $1.5 million to extend the option for one year, as further described below.




	Undeveloped Acreage Expirations


	The following table sets forth the number of total net undeveloped acres as of December 31, 2016 across our Eagle Ford and North Louisiana Acreage that will expire in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, unless production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage prior to the expiration dates or unless such leasehold rights are extended or renewed.


	 






	Region




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 




	 




	2020




	 




	 




	2021




	 






	Eagle Ford Acreage




	 




	 




	49,016




	 




	 




	 




	45,889




	 




	 




	 




	31,334




	 




	 




	 




	4,618




	 




	 




	 




	100




	 






	North Louisiana Acreage




	 




	 




	42,971




	 




	 




	 




	11,445




	 




	 




	 




	1,784




	 




	 




	 




	1,326




	 




	 




	 




	1




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	91,987




	 




	 




	 




	57,334




	 




	 




	 




	33,118




	 




	 




	 




	5,944




	 




	 




	 




	101




	 







	We intend to extend substantially all of the net acreage associated with our drilling locations through a combination of development drilling and leasehold extension and renewal payments. Of the 49,016 net acres expiring in 2017 across our Eagle Ford Acreage, we have the option to extend or renew the leases covering 17,251 net acres and have budgeted approximately $9.9 million in 2017 to execute extensions and renewals. With respect to the remaining 31,765 net acres for which we do not have an option to extend or renew in the Eagle Ford, 3,716 net acres are associated with 30 gross (20.6 net) wells of proved undeveloped reserves where the leases covering such expected wells will expire prior to our expected drilling date though we expect to extend or renew such leases. Further, with respect to the total remaining 28,049 net acres for which we do not have an option to extend or renew in the Eagle Ford, we intend to retain substantially all such acreage by negotiating lease extensions or renewals or drilling wells. Of the 42,971 net acres expiring in 2017 across our North Louisiana Acreage, we have the option to extend 22,762 of the 26,560 net acres in the RCT and Weyerhaeuser Areas, and we have budgeted approximately $14.2 million in 2017 to execute such extensions and renewals. In October 2016, we executed a second amendment to an option for an oil and gas lease agreement with affiliates of Weyerhaeuser Company to extend our option to lease approximately 12,848 net acres to October 2017, which we refer to in this Annual Report as our “Weyerhaeuser Area.” Upon notice and payment of the applicable lease bonus payment, we can enter into a three-year lease covering all such acreage. With respect to the remaining 3,798 net acres for which we do not have an option to extend or renew, we have not assigned any proved undeveloped reserves to such locations, although we intend to retain substantially all such acreage by negotiating lease extensions or renewals or drilling wells. We also have 16,411 net acres in our North Louisiana Acreage expiring in 2017 other areas. We plan to extend or renew approximately 1,211 net acres for an estimated cost of approximately $0.7 million and intend to let the remainder of this acreage expire. Accordingly, we have not assigned any drilling locations to such acreage.  Please see Item 1A “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Certain of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage or the leases are renewed.”


	19




	 







	Drilling Activities



	The following table describes the development and exploratory wells drilled on our acreage during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

	At December 31, 2016, 5.0 gross (4.1 net) wells were in various stages of completion.



	 






	 




	 




	Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	 




	 




	Gross




	 




	 




	Net




	 




	 




	Gross




	 




	 




	Net




	 




	 




	Gross




	 




	 




	Net




	 






	Eagle Ford Acreage




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Development wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	20.00




	 




	 




	 




	16.06




	 




	 




	 




	18.00




	 




	 




	 




	17.84




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Exploratory wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	North Louisiana Acreage




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Development wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	4.00




	 




	 




	 




	1.78




	 




	 




	 




	6.00




	 




	 




	 




	4.51




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.95




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Exploratory wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.70




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total wells




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Development wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	24.00




	 




	 




	 




	17.84




	 




	 




	 




	24.00




	 




	 




	 




	22.35




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.95




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total development wells




	 




	 




	24.00




	 




	 




	 




	17.84




	 




	 




	 




	24.00




	 




	 




	 




	22.35




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.95




	 






	Exploratory wells:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Productive




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.70




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Dry




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total exploratory wells




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.70




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	24.00




	 




	 




	 




	17.84




	 




	 




	 




	27.00




	 




	 




	 




	25.05




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	 




	 




	 




	2.95




	 







	 


	All wells drilled were productive wells, except for one development well drilled in our North Louisiana Acreage during the year ended December 31, 2014 and one exploratory well drilled in our North Louisiana Acreage during the year ended December 31, 2015, each of which was not productive.


	In July 2015, we reduced our drilling program in our North Louisiana Acreage to one rig in response to low commodity prices and continued operating a one-rig drilling program through February 2016. Similarly, in early October 2015, we reduced our drilling program in our Eagle Ford Acreage to one rig, which we ran until February 2016, at which point we ceased drilling due to the commodity price environment. We are currently running a five-rig program in our Eagle Ford Acreage and a one-rig program in North Louisiana Acreage, which we are utilizing on a well-to-well basis. We are not currently a party to any long-term drilling rig contracts.


	Delivery Commitments


	We have no commitments to deliver a fixed and determinable quantity of our oil or natural gas production to customers in the near future under our existing contracts.


	We were assigned a firm gas transportation service agreement with Regency Intrastate Gas LLC (“RIGS”) as a result of our predecessor’s property acquisition on August 8, 2013. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay total daily transportation fees not to exceed $0.30 per MMBtu per day for quantities of 40,000 MMBtu per day to RIGS until March 5, 2019.


	Our Operations


	General




	We have leased or acquired approximately 467,319 gross (371,198 net) acres where we had a weighted-average working interest of approximately 79%, as of December 31, 2016. As operator of a majority of our acreage, we design and manage the development of a well and supervise operation and maintenance activities on a day-to-day basis. Independent contractors engaged by us provide all the


	20




	 



	equipment and personnel associated with these activities. We employ petroleum engineers, geologists and land professionals w


	ho work to improve production rates, increase reserves and lower the cost of operating our oil and natural gas properties.



	Facilities


	We maintain active development of our infrastructure to reduce lease operating costs and support our drilling schedule and production growth. Our production facilities are located near the producing well and consist of storage tanks, two-phase and three-phase separation equipment, flowlines, metering equipment and safety systems. Predominate artificial lift methods include foamer, gas, plunger and rod lift.  


	In the Eagle Ford, our crude oil is trucked by third-party purchasers in a process, which is actively managed to ensure the best available market for our oil. For gas gathering, processing and fractionation, our Eagle Ford assets are in proximity to active third party low-pressure systems across our acreage. We have favorable long-term agreements in place with two gas gathering and processing companies with the benefit of minimal connection costs.  We own substantial fresh water supply and storage and are in the process of developing a saltwater disposal well.


	In North Louisiana, approximately half of our gas production is gathered into a company owned, high-pressure pipeline system and then delivered and sold to various intrastate and interstate markets on a competitive pricing basis. The majority of our gas production is not currently processed due to current processing economics, but we have access to several third-party gas processors if processing is economically justified. We also own and operate a salt water disposal well, which currently receives the majority of our associated water production. We own another saltwater disposal well that is currently inactive. We have also purchased a site for an additional disposal well where we intend to construct the facility as needed to support our development program.




	Marketing and Customers


	 


	The following table sets forth the percentage of our revenues attributed to our customers who have accounted for 10% or more of our revenues during 2016 or 2015, and 10% or more of our predecessors’ revenue during 2014.


	 






	Major Customers




	 




	Years Ending December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016 (1)




	 




	 




	2015 (1)




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. and subsidiaries




	 




	 




	63%




	 




	 




	 




	36%




	 




	 




	 




	10%




	 






	Royal Dutch Shell plc and subsidiaries




	 




	 




	12%




	 




	 




	 




	20%




	 




	 




	 




	41%




	 






	Cima Energy LTD




	 




	 




	15%




	 




	 




	 




	16%




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	BP Corporation North America




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	31%




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	The amounts listed represent the percentage of WHR II and Esquisto’s total revenue on a combined basis.






	We market the majority of our production from properties we operate for both our account and the account of the other working interest owners in these properties. We sell our oil, natural gas and NGL production to purchasers at market prices. We sell all of our oil and certain of our natural gas and NGLs under contracts with terms of twelve months or less and the remainder of our natural gas and NGLs under contracts with terms of greater than twelve months.


	No other purchaser accounted for 10% or more of our revenue on a combined basis in the years ended December 31, 2016 or 2015 or of our predecessors’ revenue in the year ended December 31, 2014. The loss of any such purchaser could adversely affect our revenues in the short term. However, based on the current demand for oil and natural gas and the availability of other purchasers, we believe that the loss of any such purchaser as a purchaser would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations because crude oil and natural gas are fungible products with well-established markets and numerous purchasers.


	Competition




	The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with other companies that have greater resources. Many of these companies not only explore for and produce oil and natural gas, but also carry on midstream and refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. These companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties and exploratory prospects or to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low oil and natural gas market prices. Our larger or more integrated competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover reserves in the


	21




	 



	future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to c


	onsummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. In addition, because we have fewer financial and human resources than many companies in our industry, we may be at a disadvantage in bidding for exploratory prospects and producing oil and natural


	gas properties.



	There is also competition between oil and natural gas producers and other industries producing energy and fuel. Furthermore, competitive conditions may be substantially affected by various forms of energy legislation and/or regulation considered from time to time by the governments of the United States and the jurisdictions in which we operate. It is not possible to predict the nature of any such legislation or regulation which may ultimately be adopted or its effects upon our future operations. Such laws and regulations may substantially increase the costs of developing oil and natural gas and may prevent or delay the commencement or continuation of a given operation. Our larger competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position.


	Seasonality of Business


	Weather conditions can affect the demand for, and prices of, oil and natural gas. Demand for natural gas is typically higher in the fourth and first quarters resulting in higher prices while the demand for oil is typically higher during the second and third quarters. Due to these seasonal fluctuations, results of operations for individual quarterly periods may not be indicative of the results that may be realized on an annual basis.


	Title to Properties


	As is customary in the oil and natural gas industry, we initially conduct only a cursory review of the title to our properties in connection with acquisition of leasehold acreage. At such time as we determine to conduct drilling operations on those properties, we conduct a thorough title examination and perform curative work with respect to significant defects prior to commencement of drilling operations. To the extent title opinions or other investigations reflect title defects on those properties, we are typically responsible for curing any title defects at our expense. We generally will not commence drilling operations on a property until we have cured any material title defects on such property. We have obtained title opinions on substantially all of our producing properties and believe that we have satisfactory title to our producing properties in accordance with standards generally accepted in the oil and natural gas industry.


	Prior to completing an acquisition of producing oil and natural gas leases, we perform title reviews on the most significant leases and, depending on the materiality of properties, we may obtain a title opinion, obtain an updated title review or opinion or review previously obtained title opinions. Our oil and natural gas properties are subject to customary royalty and other interests, liens for current taxes and other burdens which we believe do not materially interfere with the use of or affect our carrying value of the properties.


	We believe that we have satisfactory title to all of our material assets. Although title to these properties is subject to encumbrances in some cases, such as customary interests generally retained in connection with the acquisition of real property, customary royalty interests and contract terms and restrictions, liens under operating agreements, liens related to environmental liabilities associated with historical operations, liens for current taxes and other burdens, easements, restrictions and minor encumbrances customary in the oil and natural gas industry, we believe that none of these liens, restrictions, easements, burdens and encumbrances will materially detract from the value of these properties or from our interest in these properties or materially interfere with our use of these properties in the operation of our business. In addition, we believe that we have obtained sufficient rights-of-way grants and permits from public authorities and private parties for us to operate our business in all material respects as described in this Annual Report.


	Oil and Natural Gas Leases


	The typical oil and natural gas lease agreement covering our properties provides for the payment of royalties to the mineral owner for all oil and natural gas produced from any wells drilled on the leased premises. The lessor royalties and other leasehold burdens on our properties generally range from approximately 20% to 30%.


	Regulation of the Oil and Natural Gas Industry




	Our operations are substantially affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations. In particular, oil and natural gas production and related operations are, or have been, subject to price controls, taxes and numerous other laws and regulations. All of the jurisdictions in which we own or operate producing oil and natural gas properties have statutory provisions regulating the development and production of oil and natural gas, including provisions related to permits for the drilling of wells, bonding requirements to drill or operate wells, the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and restoration of


	22




	 



	properties upon which wells are drilled, sourcing and disposal of water used in the drilling and completion proce


	ss, and the abandonment of wells. Our operations are also subject to various conservation laws and regulations. These include the regulation of the size of drilling and spacing units or proration units, the number of wells which may be drilled in an area,


	and the unitization or pooling of crude oil or natural gas wells, as well as regulations that generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas, and impose certain requirements regarding the ratability or fair apportionment of production from fields


	and individual wells.



	Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations can result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the industry increases the cost of doing business and affects profitability. Such laws and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted. Therefore, we are unable to predict the future costs or impact of compliance. Additional proposals and proceedings that affect the oil and natural gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, the states, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”), the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) , the Department of Transportation (“DOT”), other federal agencies, and the courts. We cannot predict when or whether any such proposals may become effective.


	In addition, unforeseen environmental incidents may occur or past non-compliance with environmental laws or regulations may be discovered.


	Regulation of Production of Oil and Natural Gas


	The production of oil and natural gas is subject to regulation under a wide range of local, state and federal statutes, rules, orders and regulations. Federal, state and local statutes and regulations require permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. We own interests in properties located in Texas and Louisiana, which regulate drilling and operating activities by, among other things, requiring permits for the drilling of wells, maintaining bonding requirements in order to drill or operate wells, and regulating the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled and the plugging and abandonment of wells.


	The laws of both states also govern a number of conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties, the establishment of maximum allowable rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, the regulation of well spacing or density, and plugging and abandonment of wells. The effect of these regulations is to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce from our wells and to limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill, although we can apply for exceptions to such regulations or to have reductions in well spacing or density. Moreover, various states impose a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs within its jurisdiction.


	The failure to comply with these rules and regulations can result in substantial penalties. Our competitors in the oil and natural gas industry are subject to the same regulatory requirements and restrictions that affect our operations.


	Regulation of Sales and Transportation of Oil


	Sales of oil, condensate and NGLs are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, Congress could reenact price controls in the future.


	Our sales of oil are affected by the availability, terms and cost of transportation. The transportation of oil in common carrier pipelines is also subject to rate and access regulation. FERC regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce Act. In general, interstate oil pipeline rates must be cost-based, although settlement rates agreed to by all shippers are permitted and market-based rates may be permitted in certain circumstances.


	Intrastate oil pipeline transportation rates are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates, varies from state to state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates and regulations regarding access are equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation will not affect our operations in any way that is of material difference from those of our competitors who are similarly situated.


	Regulation of Transportation and Sales of Natural Gas




	Historically, the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce have been regulated by agencies of the U.S. federal government, primarily FERC. In the past, the federal government has regulated the prices at which natural gas could be sold. While sales by producers of natural gas can currently be made at uncontrolled market prices, Congress could reenact price controls in the future. Deregulation of wellhead natural gas sales began with the enactment of the NGPA, and culminated in adoption of the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act which removed controls affecting wellhead sales of natural gas effective January 1, 1993.


	23




	 



	The transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce is regulated primarily under the NGA, and by regulatio


	ns and orders promulgated under the NGA by FERC. In certain limited circumstances, intrastate transportation and wholesale sales of natural gas may also be affected directly or indirectly by laws enacted by Congress and by FERC regulations.



	The EP Act of 2005 is a comprehensive compilation of tax incentives, authorized appropriations for grants and guaranteed loans, and significant changes to the statutory policy that affects all segments of the energy industry. Among other matters, the EP Act of 2005 amends the NGA to add an anti-market manipulation provision which makes it unlawful for any entity to engage in prohibited behavior to be prescribed by FERC, and furthermore provides FERC with additional civil penalty authority. The EP Act of 2005 provides FERC with the power to assess civil penalties of up to $1,000,000 per day for violations of the NGA and increases FERC’s civil penalty authority under the NGPA from $5,000 per violation per day to $1,000,000 per violation per day. The civil penalty provisions are applicable to entities that engage in the sale of natural gas for resale in interstate commerce. On January 19, 2006, FERC issued Order No. 670, a rule implementing the anti-market manipulation provision of the EP Act of 2005, and subsequently denied rehearing. The rules make it unlawful to: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of natural gas subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, or the purchase or sale of transportation services subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, for any entity, directly or indirectly, use or employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud; (ii) make any untrue statement of material fact or omit to make any such statement necessary to make the statements made not misleading; or (iii) engage in any act or practice that operates as a fraud or deceit upon any person. The new anti-market manipulation rule does not apply to activities that relate only to intrastate or other non-jurisdictional sales or gathering, but does apply to activities of gas pipelines and storage companies that provide interstate services, as well as otherwise non-jurisdictional entities to the extent the activities are conducted “in connection with” gas sales, purchases or transportation subject to FERC jurisdiction, which now includes the annual reporting requirements under Order 704, described below. The anti-market manipulation rule and enhanced civil penalty authority reflect an expansion of FERC’s NGA enforcement authority.


	On December 26, 2007, FERC issued Order 704, a final rule on the annual natural gas transaction reporting requirements, as amended by subsequent orders on rehearing. Under Order 704, wholesale buyers and sellers of more than 2.2 million MMBtus of physical natural gas in the previous calendar year, including natural gas producers, gatherers and marketers, are now required to report, on May 1 of each year, aggregate volumes of natural gas purchased or sold at wholesale in the prior calendar year to the extent such transactions utilize, contribute to, or may contribute to the formation of price indices. It is the responsibility of the reporting entity to determine which individual transactions should be reported based on the guidance of Order 704. Order 704 also requires market participants to indicate whether they report prices to any index publishers, and if so, whether their reporting complies with FERC’s policy statement on price reporting.


	Gathering service, which occurs upstream of jurisdictional transmission services, is regulated by the states onshore and in state waters. Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by FERC as a natural gas company under the NGA. Although FERC has set forth a general test for determining whether facilities perform a non-jurisdictional gathering function or a jurisdictional transmission function, FERC’s determinations as to the classification of facilities are done on a case-by-case basis. To the extent that FERC issues an order that reclassifies certain jurisdictional transmission facilities as non-jurisdictional gathering facilities, and depending on the scope of that decision, our costs of getting gas to point of sale locations may increase. We believe that the natural gas pipelines in our gathering systems meet the traditional tests FERC has used to establish a pipeline’s status as a gatherer not subject to regulation as a natural gas company. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of ongoing litigation, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities are subject to change based on future determinations by FERC, the courts or Congress. State regulation of natural gas gathering facilities generally includes various occupational safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory-take requirements. Although such regulation has not generally been affirmatively applied by state agencies, natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny in the future.


	The price at which we sell natural gas is not currently subject to federal rate regulation and, for the most part, is not subject to state regulation. However, with regard to our physical sales of these energy commodities, we are required to observe anti-market manipulation laws and related regulations enforced by FERC under the EP Act of 2005 and under the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA”), and regulations promulgated thereunder by the CFTC. The CEA prohibits any person from manipulating or attempting to manipulate the price of any commodity in interstate commerce or futures on such commodity. The CEA also prohibits knowingly delivering or causing to be delivered false or misleading or knowingly inaccurate reports concerning market information or conditions that affect or tend to affect the price of a commodity. Should we violate the anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, we could also be subject to related third-party damage claims by, among others, sellers, royalty owners and taxing authorities.




	Intrastate natural gas transportation is also subject to regulation by state regulatory agencies. The basis for intrastate regulation of natural gas transportation and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate natural gas pipeline rates and services varies from state to state. Insofar as such regulation within a particular state will generally affect all intrastate natural gas shippers within the state on a comparable basis, we believe that the regulation of similarly situated intrastate natural gas transportation in any states in which we operate and ship natural gas on an intrastate basis will not affect our operations in any way that is of material difference from


	24




	 



	those of our competitors. Like the regulation of interstate transportation rates, the regulation of intrastate


	transportation rates affects the marketing of natural gas that we produce, as well as the revenues we receive for sales of our natural gas.



	Changes in law and to FERC or state policies and regulations may adversely affect the availability and reliability of firm and/or interruptible transportation service on interstate and intrastate pipelines, and we cannot predict what future action FERC or state regulatory bodies will take. We do not believe, however, that any regulatory changes will affect us in a way that materially differs from the way they will affect other natural gas producers and marketers with which we compete.


	Regulation of Pipeline Safety and Maintenance


	We are subject to regulation by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, (“PHMSA”), of the DOT, pursuant to the NGPSA, and the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002, or the PSIA, which was reauthorized and amended by the Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforcement and Safety Act of 2006. The NGPSA regulates safety requirements in the design, construction, operation and maintenance of gas pipeline facilities, while the PSIA establishes mandatory inspections for all U.S. oil and natural gas transportation pipelines and some gathering lines in high-consequence areas. PHMSA has developed regulations implementing the PSIA that require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including more frequent inspections and other measures to ensure pipeline safety in “high consequence areas,” such as high population areas, areas unusually sensitive to environmental damage and commercially navigable waterways.


	On January 3, 2012, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011, or the Pipeline Safety Act, was signed into law. In addition to reauthorizing the PSIA through 2015, the Pipeline Safety Act expanded the DOT’s authority under the PSIA and requires the DOT to evaluate whether integrity management programs should be expanded beyond high consequence areas, authorizes the DOT to promulgate regulations requiring the use of automatic and remote-controlled shut-off valves for new or replaced pipelines, and requires the DOT to promulgate regulations requiring the use of excess flow values where feasible. In addition, new pipeline safety legislation, the “Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016” (the “PIPES Act”), was signed into law in June 2016. The PIPES Act provides PHMSA with additional authority to address imminent hazards by imposing emergency restrictions, prohibitions, and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquids pipeline facilities. The Act also directs PHMSA to issue minimum safety standards for natural gas storage facilities by June 2018, and calls for a review, study, and analysis of a number of issues related to pipeline management and safety.


	PHMSA has also proposed additional regulations for gas pipeline safety. For example, in March 2016 PHMSA proposed a rule that would explain integrity management requirements beyond “High Consequence Areas” to apply to gas pipelines in newly defined “Moderate Consequence Areas.” Many gas pipelines that were in place before 1970, and thus grandfathered from certain pressure testing obligations, would be required to be pressure tested to determine their maximum allowable operating pressures. Many gathering lines in rural areas that are currently not regulated at the federal level would also be covered by this proposal. Any new or amended pipeline safety regulations may require us to incur additional capital expenditures and may increase our operating costs. We cannot predict what future action the DOT will take, but we do not believe that any regulatory changes will affect us in a way that materially differs from the way they will affect other natural gas gatherers with which we compete.


	States are largely preempted by federal law from regulating pipeline safety for interstate lines but most are certified by the DOT to assume responsibility for enforcing federal intrastate pipeline regulations and inspection of intrastate pipelines. In practice, because states can adopt stricter standards for intrastate pipelines than those imposed by the federal government for interstate lines, states vary considerably in their authority and capacity to address pipeline safety. Changes in existing regulations or future pipeline construction activities may subject some of our pipelines to more stringent DOT regulations, and could adversely affect our business.


	Regulation of Environmental and Occupational Safety and Health Matters


	Our oil and natural gas development operations are subject to numerous stringent federal, regional, state and local statutes and regulations governing occupational safety and health, the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection, some of which carry substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties for failure to comply. These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit before drilling or other regulated activity commences; restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with drilling, production and transporting through pipelines; govern the sourcing and disposal of water used in the drilling and completion process; limit or prohibit drilling activities in certain areas and on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, frontier, seismically active areas and other protected areas; require some form of remedial action to prevent or mitigate pollution from former operations such as plugging abandoned wells or closing earthen pits; establish specific safety and health criteria addressing worker protection; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations or failure to comply with regulatory filings. In addition, these laws and regulations may restrict the rate of production.


	25




	 





	The following is a summary of the more significant existing environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulat


	ions, as amended from time to time, to which our business operations are subject and for which compliance may have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or financial position.



	Hazardous Substances and Waste Handling


	The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (“CERCLA”), also known as the “Superfund” law, and comparable state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons that are considered to have contributed to the release of a “hazardous substance” into the environment. These persons include the current and past owner or operator of the disposal site or the site where the release occurred and persons that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at the site where the release occurred. Under CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several strict liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment and for damages to natural resources, and it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. We are able to control directly the operation of only those wells with respect to which we act as operator. Notwithstanding our lack of direct control over wells operated by others, the failure of an operator other than us to comply with applicable environmental regulations may, in certain circumstances, be attributed to us. We generate materials in the course of our operations that may be regulated as hazardous substances but we are unaware of any liabilities for which we may be held responsible that would materially and adversely affect us.


	The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”) and analogous state laws, impose detailed requirements for the generation, handling, storage, treatment and disposal of nonhazardous and hazardous solid wastes. RCRA specifically excludes drilling fluids, produced waters and other wastes associated with the development or production of crude oil, natural gas or geothermal energy from regulation as hazardous wastes. However, these wastes may be regulated by the EPA or state agencies under RCRA’s less stringent nonhazardous solid waste provisions, state laws or other federal laws. Moreover, it is possible that these particular oil and natural gas development and production wastes now classified as nonhazardous solid wastes could be classified as hazardous wastes in the future. For example, from time to time various environmental groups have challenged the EPA’s exemption of certain oil and gas wastes from RCRA. A loss of the RCRA exclusion for drilling fluids, produced waters and related wastes could result in an increase in our costs to manage and dispose of generated wastes, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In addition, in the course of our operations, we generate some amounts of ordinary industrial wastes, such as paint wastes, waste solvents, laboratory wastes and waste compressor oils that may be regulated as hazardous wastes if such wastes have hazardous characteristics. Although the costs of managing hazardous waste may be significant, we do not believe that our costs in this regard are materially more burdensome than those for similarly situated companies.


	We currently own, lease or operate numerous properties that have been used for oil and natural gas development and production activities for many years. Although we believe that we have utilized operating and waste disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time, hazardous substances, wastes or petroleum hydrocarbons may have been released on, under or from the properties owned or leased by us, or on, under or from other locations, including off-site locations, where such substances have been taken for recycling or disposal. In addition, some of our properties have been operated by third parties or by previous owners or operators whose treatment and disposal of hazardous substances, wastes or petroleum hydrocarbons was not under our control. These properties and the substances disposed or released on, under or from them may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws. Under such laws, we could be required to undertake response or corrective measures, which could include removal of previously disposed substances and wastes, cleanup of contaminated property or performance of remedial plugging or pit closure operations to prevent future contamination.


	Water Discharges




	The Clean Water Act and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other oil and natural gas wastes, into or near navigable waters. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or the state. The discharge of dredge and fill material in regulated waters, including wetlands, is also prohibited, unless authorized by a permit issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the “Corps”). In September 2015, the EPA and the Corps issued new rules defining the scope of the EPA’s and the Corps’ jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act with respect to certain types of waterbodies and classifying these waterbodies as regulated wetlands. The rule has been challenged in court on the grounds that it unlawfully expands the reach of the Clean Water Act, and implementation of the rule has been stayed pending resolution of the court challenge. In February 2017, President Trump issued an executive order directing the EPA and the Corps to review the rule and to publish a proposed rule rescinding or revising the rule.  At present we cannot predict the outcome of the pending litigation or any revisions to the rule.  To the extent the rule expands the scope of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, we could face increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for dredge and fill activities in wetland areas.  Obtaining permits has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas projects. These laws and any


	26




	 



	implementing regulations provide for administrative, civil and criminal penalties for any unauth


	orized discharges of oil and other substances in reportable quantities and may impose substantial potential liability for the costs of removal, remediation and damages.



	Pursuant to these laws and regulations, we may be required to obtain and maintain approvals or permits for the discharge of wastewater or storm water and are required to develop and implement spill prevention, control and countermeasure plans, also referred to as “SPCC plans,” in connection with on-site storage of significant quantities of oil. We are currently undertaking a review of recently acquired oil properties to determine the need for new or updated SPCC plans and, where necessary, we will be developing or upgrading such plans and implementing the physical and operation controls imposed by these plans, the costs of which are not expected to be material.


	The primary federal law related specifically to oil spill liability is the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA”), which amends and augments the oil spill provisions of the Clean Water Act and imposes certain duties and liabilities on certain “responsible parties” related to the prevention of oil spills and damages resulting from such spills in or threatening waters of the United States or adjoining shorelines. For example, operators of certain oil and natural gas facilities must develop, implement and maintain facility response plans, conduct annual spill training for certain employees and provide varying degrees of financial assurance. Owners or operators of a facility, vessel or pipeline that is a source of an oil discharge or that poses the substantial threat of discharge is one type of “responsible party” who is liable. The OPA applies joint and several liability, without regard to fault, to each liable party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages. Although defenses exist, they are limited. As such, a violation of the OPA has the potential to adversely affect our operations.


	Air Emissions


	The federal Clean Air Act and comparable state laws restrict the emission of air pollutants from many sources (e.g., compressor stations), through the imposition of air emissions standards, construction and operating permitting programs and other compliance requirements. These laws and regulations may require us to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce or significantly increase air emissions, obtain and strictly comply with stringent air permit requirements or utilize specific equipment or technologies to control emissions of certain pollutants. For example, in October 2015, the EPA lowered the National Ambient Air Quality Standard (“NAAQS”) for ozone from 75 to 70 parts per billion.


	State implementation of the revised NAAQS could result in stricter permitting requirements, delay or prohibit our ability to obtain such permits, and result in increased expenditures for pollution control equipment, the costs of which could be significant. Over the next several years, we may be required to incur certain capital expenditures for air pollution control equipment or other air emissions related issues.


	In addition, the EPA has adopted new rules under the Clean Air Act that require the reduction of volatile organic compound and methane emissions from certain fractured and refractured oil and natural gas wells for which well completion operations are conducted and further require that most wells use reduced emission completions, also known as “green completions.” These regulations also establish specific new requirements regarding emissions from production-related wet seal and reciprocating compressors, and from pneumatic controllers and storage vessels. In addition, the regulations place new requirements to detect and repair volatile organic compound and methane at certain well sites and compressor stations. In May 2016, the EPA also finalized rules regarding criteria for aggregating multiple small surface sites into a single source for air-quality permitting purposes applicable to the oil and gas industry. This rule could cause small facilities, on an aggregate basis, to be deemed a major source, thereby triggering more stringent air permitting processes and requirements. Compliance with these and other air pollution control and permitting requirements has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas projects and increase our costs of development, which costs could be significant.


	Regulation of GHG Emissions




	In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, the EPA has adopted regulations pursuant to the federal Clean Air Act to reduce GHG emissions from various sources. For example, the EPA requires certain large stationary sources to obtain preconstruction and operating permits for pollutants regulated under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V programs of the Clean Air Act. Facilities required to obtain preconstruction permits for such pollutants are also required to meet “best available control technology” standards that are being established by the states. These regulatory requirements could adversely affect our operations and restrict or delay our ability to obtain air permits for new or modified sources. The EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from specified onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production sources in the United States on an annual basis, which include certain of our operations. In May 2016, the EPA finalized rules that establish new controls for emissions of methane from new, modified or reconstructed sources in the oil and natural gas sector, including production, processing, transmission and storage activities. Compliance will require enhanced record-keeping practices, the purchase of new equipment, and increased frequency of maintenance


	27




	 



	and repair activities to address emissions leakage at certain well sites and compressor stations, and also may require hiring additional personnel to support these activities or the engagement of third


	party contractors to assist with and verify compliance. The new rule will, and proposed rules could, result in increased compliance costs on our operations. The EPA has also announced that it intends to impose methane emission standards for existing source


	s but, to date, has not yet issued a proposal. And in 2015, EPA published a rule, known as the Clean Power Plan, to limit GHGs from electric power plants. In February 2016, the Supreme Court stayed the implementation of the Clean Power Plan while legal cha


	llenges to the rule proceed. Depending on the ultimate outcome of those challenges, and how various states choose to implement this rule, it may alter the power generation mix between natural gas, coal, oil, and alternative energy sources, which would ulti


	mately affect the demand for natural gas and oil in electric generation.



	While Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce GHG emissions at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal climate legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs. Cap and trade programs typically require major sources of GHG emissions to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting those GHGs. In addition, efforts have been made and continue to be made in the international community toward the adoption of international treaties or protocols that would address global climate change issues. For example, in April 2016, the United States signed the Paris Agreement, which requires member countries to review and “represent a progression” in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set GHG emission reduction goals, every five years beginning in 2020. The Paris Agreement entered into force in November 2016 and includes pledges to voluntarily limit or reduce future emissions.  Under the Obama Administration, the United States was one of over 100 nations that indicated an intent to comply with the agreement. Although it is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations. Substantial limitations on GHG emissions could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas we produce.


	Finally, increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our operations.


	Hydraulic Fracturing Activities


	Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of oil and/or natural gas from dense subsurface rock formations. The hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, proppants and chemicals under pressure into targeted subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. We regularly use hydraulic fracturing as part of our operations. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but the EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority pursuant to the SDWA over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel fuels and published permitting guidance in February 2014 addressing the performance of such activities using diesel fuels. The EPA has issued final regulations under the federal Clean Air Act establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies to disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, and also finalized rules in June 2016 that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. In addition, Congress has from time to time considered legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.


	At the state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. For example, in May 2013, the Railroad Commission of Texas (the “Railroad Commission”) issued a “well integrity rule,” which updates the requirements for drilling, putting pipe down and cementing wells. The rule also includes new testing and reporting requirements, such as (i) the requirement to submit cementing reports after well completion or after cessation of drilling, whichever is later, and (ii) the imposition of additional testing on wells less than 1,000 feet below usable groundwater. The well integrity rule took effect in January 2014. Local governments also may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular.




	Certain governmental reviews are either underway or have been conducted that focus on the environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. For example, in December 2016, the EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The EPA report concluded that “water cycle” activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources “under some circumstances,” noting that the following hydraulic fracturing water cycle activities and local- or regional-scale factors are more likely than others to result in more frequent or more severe impacts:  water withdrawals for fracturing in times or areas of low water availability; surface spills during the management of fracturing fluids, chemicals or produced


	28




	 



	water; injection of fracturing fluids into wells with inadequate mechanical integrity; inje


	ction of fracturing fluids directly into groundwater resources; discharge of inadequately treated fracturing wastewater to surface waters; and disposal or storage of fracturing wastewater in unlined pits.



	Compliance with existing laws has not had a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position, but if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where we operate, we could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of development activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells.


	ESA and Migratory Birds


	The Endangered Species Act (“ESA”) and (in some cases) comparable state laws were established to protect endangered and threatened species. Pursuant to the ESA, if a species is listed as threatened or endangered, restrictions may be imposed on activities adversely affecting that species’ habitat. We may conduct operations on oil and natural gas leases in areas where certain species that are or could be listed as threatened or endangered are known to exist. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service may designate critical habitat and suitable habitat areas that it believes are necessary for survival of a threatened or endangered species. A critical habitat or suitable habitat designation could result in further material restrictions to land use and may materially delay or prohibit land access for oil and natural gas development. Moreover, as a result of a settlement approved by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia in September 2011, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is required to make a determination on listing of more than 250 species as endangered or threatened under the ESA by no later than completion of the agency’s 2017 fiscal year. Similar protections are offered to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. The federal government in the past has pursued enforcement actions against oil and natural gas companies under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act after dead migratory birds were found near reserve pits associated with drilling activities. The identification or designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in areas where underlying property operations are conducted could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our development activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce reserves. If we were to have a portion of our leases designated as critical or suitable habitat, it could adversely impact the value of our leases.


	OSHA


	We are subject to the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) and comparable state statutes whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act and comparable state statutes and any implementing regulations require that we organize and/or disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local governmental authorities and citizens.


	Related Permits and Authorizations


	Many environmental laws require us to obtain permits or other authorizations from state and/or federal agencies before initiating certain drilling, construction, production, operation or other oil and natural gas activities, and to maintain these permits and compliance with their requirements for on-going operations. These permits are generally subject to protest, appeal or litigation, which can in certain cases delay or halt projects and cease production or operation of wells, pipelines and other operations.


	Related Insurance


	We maintain insurance against some risks associated with above or underground contamination that may occur as a result of our development activities. However, this insurance is limited to activities at the well site and there can be no assurance that this insurance will continue to be commercially available or that this insurance will be available at premium levels that justify its purchase by us. The occurrence of a significant event that is not fully insured or indemnified against could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. Further, we have no coverage for gradual, long-term pollution events.


	Employees


	As of December 31, 2016, we had 85 full-time employees. We hire independent contractors on an as needed basis. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees. We believe that our employee relationships are satisfactory.


	29





	 







	Legal Proceedings



	We are party to lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such lawsuits with certainty, but management believes it is remote that pending or threatened legal matters will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.


	Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in other routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers’ compensation claims and employment related disputes. In the opinion of our management, none of these other pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.


	Offices


	Our principal executive office is located at 9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77024. Our main telephone number is (713) 568-4910.


	Available Information


	Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8–K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on our website at www.wildhorserd.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These documents are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or you may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our website also includes our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charter of our audit committee. The information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC.


	30





	 









	ITEM 1A.


	  




	RISK FA


	CTORS



	Risks Related to Our Business


	Oil, natural gas and NGL prices are volatile. A sustained decline in oil, natural gas and NGL prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments.


	The prices we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGL production heavily influence our revenue, profitability, access to capital, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our properties. Oil, natural gas and NGLs are commodities, and their prices may fluctuate widely in response to market uncertainty and to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs. Historically, oil, natural gas and NGL prices have been volatile. For example, during the period from January 1, 2014 through January 1, 2017, the WTI spot price for oil declined from a high of $107.95 per Bbl on June 20 2014 to a low of $26.19 per Bbl on February 11, 2016, and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas has declined from a high of $8.15 per MMBtu on February 10, 2014 to a low of $1.49 per MMBtu on March 4, 2016. Likewise, NGLs, which are made up of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline, each of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics, have suffered significant recent declines in realized prices. The prices we receive for our production, and the levels of our production, depend on numerous factors beyond our control, which include the following:






	 





	•






	worldwide and regional economic conditions impacting the global supply and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	the price and quantity of foreign imports of oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	political and economic conditions in or affecting other producing regions or countries, including the Middle East, Africa, South America and Russia;











	 





	•






	actions of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, its members and other state- controlled oil companies relating to oil price and production controls;











	 





	•






	the level of global exploration, development and production;











	 





	•






	the level of global inventories;











	 





	•






	prevailing prices on local price indexes in the areas in which we operate;











	 





	•






	the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering and transportation facilities;











	 





	•






	localized and global supply and demand fundamentals and transportation availability;











	 





	•






	the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting reserves;











	 





	•






	weather conditions and natural disasters;











	 





	•






	technological advances affecting energy consumption;











	 





	•






	the price and availability of alternative fuels;











	 





	•






	expectations about future commodity prices; and











	 





	•






	U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. governmental regulation and taxes.









	In the second half of 2014, oil prices began a rapid and significant decline as the global oil supply began to outpace demand. During 2015 and 2016 and thus far in 2017, the global oil supply has continued to outpace demand, resulting in persistently low realized prices for oil production. In general, this imbalance between supply and demand reflects the significant supply growth achieved in the United States as a result of shale drilling and oil production increases by certain other countries, including Russia and Saudi Arabia, as part of an effort to retain market share, combined with only modest demand growth in the United States and less-than-expected demand in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe and China. Although there has been a dramatic decrease in drilling activity in the industry, oil storage levels in the United States remain at historically high levels. Until supply and demand balance and the overhang in storage levels begins to decline, prices will likely remain under pressure. The U.S. dollar has also strengthened relative to other leading currencies, which has caused oil prices to weaken, as they are U.S. dollar-denominated. In addition, the lifting of economic sanctions on Iran has resulted in increasing supplies of oil from Iran, adding further downward pressure to oil prices. NGL prices generally correlate to the price of oil. Also adversely affecting the price for NGLs is the supply of NGLs in the United States, which has continued to grow due to an increase in industry participants targeting projects that produce NGLs in recent years. Prices for domestic natural gas began to decline during the third quarter of 2014 and remained weak throughout 2015 and 2016 and thus far in 2017. The declines in natural gas prices are primarily due to an imbalance between supply and demand


	31




	 



	across North America. The continued duration and magnitude of these commodity price declines cannot be accurately predicted. Compare


	d to 2014, our realized oil price for 2015 fell 51% to $44.41 per barrel, and our realized oil price for the year ended December 31, 2016 has further decreased to $41.09 per barrel. Similarly, our realized natural gas price for 2015 decreased 41% to $2.60


	per Mcf, and our realized price for NGLs declined 49% to $12.22 per barrel. For the year ended December 31, 2016, our realized price for natural gas was $2.44 per Mcf, and our realized price for NGLs was $12.28 per barrel.



	Lower commodity prices may reduce our cash flow and borrowing ability. If we are unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, our ability to develop future reserves could be adversely affected. Also, using lower prices in estimating proved reserves may result in a reduction in proved reserve volumes due to economic limits. In addition, sustained periods with oil and natural gas prices at levels lower than current WTI or Henry Hub strip prices may adversely affect our drilling economics and our ability to raise capital, which may require us to re-evaluate and postpone or eliminate our development program, and result in the reduction of some of our proved undeveloped reserves and related standardized measure. If we are required to curtail our drilling program, we may be unable to continue to hold leases that are scheduled to expire, which may further reduce our reserves. As a result, a substantial or extended decline in commodity prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to finance planned capital expenditures.


	Our development projects and acquisitions require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.


	The oil and natural gas industry is capital-intensive. We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures related to our development projects and acquisitions. Our 2017 capital budget is $450 million to $600 million. We expect to fund our 2017 capital budget with cash generated by operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from our 2025 Senior Notes offering. However, our financing needs may require us to alter or increase our capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities or the sale of assets. The issuance of additional indebtedness would require that an additional portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal on our indebtedness, thereby further reducing our ability to use cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. The issuance of additional equity securities would be dilutive to our existing stockholders. The actual amount and timing of our future capital expenditures may differ materially from our estimates as a result of, among other things: commodity prices; actual drilling results; the availability of drilling rigs and other services and equipment; and regulatory, technological and competitive developments. A reduction in commodity prices from current levels may result in a decrease in our actual capital expenditures, which would negatively impact our ability to grow production.


	Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including:






	 





	•






	the prices at which our production is sold;











	 





	•






	our proved reserves;











	 





	•






	the amount of hydrocarbons we are able to produce from existing wells;











	 





	•






	our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves;











	 





	•






	the amount of our operating expenses;











	 





	•






	cash settlements from our derivative activities;











	 





	•






	our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility; and











	 





	•






	our ability to access the capital markets.







	If our revenues or the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility decrease as a result of lower oil, natural gas and NGL prices, operational difficulties, declines in reserves or for any other reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current levels. If additional capital is needed, we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. For a period of 180 days following the date of the prospectus used in our initial public offering, we will not be able to sell any shares of our common stock, whether pursuant to a private or public offering, without the prior written consent of Barclays Capital Inc. If cash flow generated by our operations or available borrowings under our revolving credit facility are insufficient to meet our capital requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of the development of our properties, which in turn could lead to a decline in our reserves and production and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	32




	 





	Part of our business strategy involves using some of the latest available horizontal drilling and completion techniques, which involve ri


	sks and uncertainties in their application.



	Our operations involve utilizing some of the latest drilling and completion techniques as developed by us and our service providers. The difficulties we face drilling horizontal wells include:






	 





	•






	landing our wellbore in the desired drilling zone;











	 





	•






	staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation;











	 





	•






	running our casing the entire length of the wellbore; and











	 





	•






	being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal wellbore.







	Difficulties that we face while completing our wells include the following:






	 





	•






	the ability to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages;











	 





	•






	the ability to run tools the entire length of the wellbore during completion operations; and











	 





	•






	the ability to successfully clean out the wellbore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage.







	In addition, certain of the new techniques we are adopting may cause irregularities or interruptions in production due to offset wells being shut in and the time required to drill and complete multiple wells before any such wells begin producing. Furthermore, the results of drilling in new or emerging formations are more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed and have a longer history of established production. Newer and emerging formations and areas have limited or no production history and, consequently, we are more limited in assessing future drilling results in these areas. If our drilling results are less than anticipated, the return on our investment for a particular project may not be as attractive as we anticipated, and we could incur material write-downs of unevaluated properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.


	Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.


	Our future financial condition and results of operations will depend on the success of our development, production and acquisition activities, which are subject to numerous risks beyond our control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil and natural gas production.


	Our decisions to develop or purchase prospects or properties will depend, in part, on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, which are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. For a discussion of the uncertainty involved in these processes, see “—Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.” In addition, our cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain.


	Further, many factors may curtail, delay or cancel our scheduled drilling projects, including:






	 





	•






	delays imposed by, or resulting from, compliance with regulatory requirements, including limitations on wastewater disposal, emission of greenhouse gases (“GHGs”) and hydraulic fracturing;











	 





	•






	pressure or irregularities in geological formations;











	 





	•






	shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified personnel or in obtaining water for hydraulic fracturing activities;











	 





	•






	equipment failures, accidents or other unexpected operational events;











	 





	•






	lack of available gathering facilities or delays in construction of gathering facilities;











	 





	•






	lack of available capacity on interconnecting transmission pipelines;











	 





	•






	adverse weather conditions;











	 





	•






	issues related to compliance with environmental regulations;











	 





	•






	environmental hazards, such as oil and natural gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline and tank ruptures and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment;







	33




	 






	 





	•












	declines in oil and natural gas prices;











	 





	•






	limited availability of financing on acceptable terms;











	 





	•






	title issues; and











	 





	•






	other market limitations in our industry.







	We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our debt obligations that may not be successful.


	Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our indebtedness obligations, including the 2025 Senior Notes and our revolving credit facility, depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flow from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes and our other indebtedness.


	If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of indebtedness may be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict business operations. The terms of our existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis, including the notes, would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In the absence of sufficient cash flows and capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet debt service and other obligations. The indenture governing the notes restricts, and our revolving credit facility restricts, our ability to dispose of assets and imposes limitations on our use of proceeds from dispositions. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions, and the proceeds of any such disposition may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet scheduled debt service obligations.


	Restrictions in our existing and future debt agreements could limit our growth and our ability to engage in certain activities.


	The terms and conditions governing our indebtedness:






	 





	•






	require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our existing debt, thereby reducing the cash available to finance our operations and other business activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;











	 





	•






	increase our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business;











	 





	•






	limit our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms or to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions or to refinance existing indebtedness;











	 





	•






	place restrictions on our ability to obtain additional financing, make investments, lease equipment, sell assets and engage in business combinations;











	 





	•






	place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors with lower levels of indebtedness in relation to their overall size or less restrictive terms governing their indebtedness; and











	 





	•






	limit management’s discretion in operating our business.









	Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulation. We cannot be certain that our cash flow will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have enough money, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise equity. We may not be able to refinance our debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise equity on terms acceptable to us, if at all. For example, our existing and future debt agreements will require that we satisfy certain conditions, including coverage and leverage ratios, to borrow money. Our existing and future debt agreements will also restrict the payment of dividends and distributions by certain of our subsidiaries to us, which could affect our access to cash. In addition, our ability to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness will be affected by the levels of


	34




	 



	cash flow from our o


	perations and future events and circumstances beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in an event of default under our indebtedness, and such an event of default could adversely affect our business, financial condition and r


	esults of operations.



	Any significant reduction in our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility as a result of the periodic borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations.


	Our revolving credit facility limits the amounts we can borrow up to a borrowing base amount, which the lenders, in their sole discretion, will unilaterally determine based upon projected revenues from our oil, natural gas and NGL properties and our commodity derivative contracts. Such determinations will be made on a regular basis semi-annually (each a “Scheduled Redetermination”), at our option in connection with a material acquisition, at our option no more than twice in any fiscal year and at the option of lenders with more than 66.6% of the loans and commitments under the facility (the “Required Lenders”) no more than twice in any fiscal year (each such redetermination other than a Scheduled Redetermination, an “Interim Redetermination” and any Scheduled Redetermination or Interim Redetermination, a “Redetermination”). In connection with a Redetermination, any increase in the borrowing base requires the consent of the lenders holding 100% of the commitments, and maintaining or any decrease in the borrowing base requires the consent of the Required Lenders. The borrowing base will also automatically decrease upon the issuance of certain debt, including the recent offering of the 2025 Senior Notes, the sale or other disposition of certain assets and the early termination of certain swap agreements. Our initial borrowing base of $450.0 million was reduced to $362.5 million in connection with the consummation of our 2025 Senior Notes offering in February 2017 and our next Scheduled Redetermination is expected in April 2017.


	In the future, we may not be able to access adequate funding under our revolving credit facility as a result of a decrease in our borrowing base due to the issuance of new indebtedness, the outcome of a borrowing base redetermination, or an unwillingness or inability on the part of lending counterparties to meet their funding obligations and the inability of other lenders to provide additional funding to cover a defaulting lender’s portion. Declines in commodity prices could result in a determination to lower the borrowing base and, in such a case, we could be required to repay any indebtedness in excess of the redetermined borrowing base. As a result, we may be unable to implement our drilling and development plan, make acquisitions or otherwise carry out business plans, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


	Our derivative activities could result in financial losses or could reduce our earnings.


	We enter into derivative instrument contracts for a portion of our oil and natural gas production. As of March 15, 2017, we had entered into swaps, collars and deferred premium puts through December 2019 covering a total of 6.6 MBbl of our projected oil production and 39.2 MMBtu of our projected natural gas production. Accordingly, our earnings may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in fair value of our derivative instruments.


	Derivative instruments also expose us to the risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when:






	 





	•






	production is less than the volume covered by the derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	the counterparty to the derivative instrument defaults on its contractual obligations;











	 





	•






	there is an increase in the differential between the underlying price in the derivative instrument and actual prices received; or











	 





	•






	there are issues with regard to legal enforceability of such instruments.







	The use of derivatives may, in some cases, require the posting of cash collateral with counterparties. If we enter into derivative instruments that require cash collateral and commodity prices or interest rates change in a manner adverse to us, our cash otherwise available for use in our operations would be reduced, which could limit our ability to make future capital expenditures and make payments on our indebtedness, and which could also limit the size of our borrowing base. Future collateral requirements will depend on arrangements with our counterparties, oil, natural gas and NGL prices and interest rates. In addition, derivative arrangements could limit the benefit we would receive from increases in the prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs or from reductions in interest rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, our revolving credit facility limits our ability to enter into commodity hedges covering greater than 100% of our reasonably anticipated projected proved production for the first two years of the facility and 75% of reasonably anticipated projected proved production for the following three years.




	Our derivative contracts expose us to risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. Disruptions in the financial markets could lead to sudden decreases in a counterparty’s liquidity, which could make the counterparty unable to perform under the terms of the contract, and we may not be able to realize the benefit of the contract. We are unable to predict sudden changes


	35




	 



	in a counterparty’s creditworthiness or ability to perform. Even if we do accurately predict sudden changes, our ability to nega


	te the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions.



	During periods of declining commodity prices or, to the extent we have interest rate derivative instrument contracts, increasing interest rates, our derivative contract receivable positions would generally increase, which increases our counterparty credit exposure. If the creditworthiness of our counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, we could incur a significant loss with respect to our derivative contracts.


	Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.


	The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex. It requires interpretations of available technical data and many assumptions, including assumptions relating to current and future economic conditions and commodity prices. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. In order to prepare reserve estimates, we must project production rates and timing of development expenditures. We must also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data. The extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. The process also requires economic assumptions about matters such as oil and natural gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds.


	Actual future production, oil, natural gas and NGL prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves may vary from our estimates. For instance, initial production rates reported by us or other operators may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates, our recovery efficiencies may be worse than expected and production declines may be greater than we estimate and may be more rapid and irregular when compared to initial production rates. In addition, we may adjust reserve estimates of proved reserves to reflect additional production history, results of development activities, current commodity prices and other existing factors. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our reserves will ultimately be produced or that our proved undeveloped reserves will be developed within the periods anticipated.


	You should not assume that the present value of future net revenues from our reserves presented in this Annual Report is the current market value of our estimated reserves. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the present value estimate. For example, our estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2016 and related standardized measure were calculated under SEC rules using twelve-month trailing average benchmark prices of $42.75 per barrel of oil (WTI) and $2.48 per MMBtu of natural gas (Henry Hub spot), which, for certain periods in 2016, were substantially higher than the available spot prices. If spot prices are below such calculated amounts, using more recent prices in estimating proved reserves may result in a reduction in proved reserve volumes due to economic limits.


	The standardized measure of our estimated reserves is not an accurate estimate of the current fair value of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves.


	Standardized measure is a reporting convention that provides a common basis for comparing oil and natural gas companies subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Standardized measure requires historical twelve month pricing as required by the SEC as well as operating and development costs prevailing as of the date of computation. Consequently, it may not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be received for oil and natural gas production because of varying market conditions, nor may it reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or develop the oil and natural gas properties. In addition, WHR II and Esquisto were generally not subject to U.S. federal, state or local income taxes other than certain state franchise taxes and federal income tax on one of our predecessor’s subsidiaries.  We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes. As a result, estimates included herein of future net cash flow may be materially different from the future net cash flows that are ultimately received. Therefore, the standardized measure of our estimated reserves included in this Annual Report should not be construed as accurate estimates of the current fair value of our proved reserves.


	Properties we acquire may not produce as projected, and we may be unable to determine reserve potential, identify liabilities associated with the properties that we acquire or obtain protection from sellers against such liabilities.




	Acquiring oil and natural gas properties requires us to assess reservoir and infrastructure characteristics, including recoverable reserves, future oil and gas prices and their applicable differentials, development and operating costs, and potential liabilities, including environmental liabilities. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Such assessments are inexact and inherently uncertain. For these reasons, the properties we have acquired or will acquire in the future in connection with the acquisitions or otherwise may not produce as expected. In connection with the assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties, but such a review may not reveal all


	36




	 



	existing or potential problems. In the course of our due diligence, we may not review ev


	ery well, pipeline or associated facility. We cannot necessarily observe structural and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, when a review is performed. We may be unable to obtain contractual indemnities from the seller for liabilitie


	s created prior to our purchase of the property. We may be required to assume the risk of the physical condition of the properties in addition to the risk that the properties may not perform in accordance with our expectations.



	We will not be the operator on all of our acreage or drilling locations, and, therefore, we will not be able to control the timing of exploration or development efforts, associated costs, or the rate of production of any non- operated assets and could be liable for certain financial obligations of the operators or any of our contractors to the extent such operator or contractor is unable to satisfy such obligations.


	We have identified 4,548 potential drilling locations on our acreage. We do not expect to operate 1,798 of such locations, and there is no assurance that we will operate all of our other drilling locations. In addition, unless we are successful in increasing our working interest in our other drilling locations through acreage exchanges and consolidation efforts, we will not be the operator with respect to these other identified horizontal drilling locations. We have limited ability to exercise influence over the operations of the drilling locations operated by our partners, and there is the risk that our partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Furthermore, the success and timing of development activities operated by our partners will depend on a number of factors that will be largely outside of our control, including:






	 





	•






	the timing and amount of capital expenditures;











	 





	•






	the operator’s expertise and financial resources;











	 





	•






	the approval of other participants in drilling wells;











	 





	•






	the selection of technology; and











	 





	•






	the rate of production of reserves, if any.







	This limited ability to exercise control over the operations and associated costs of some of our drilling locations could prevent the realization of targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition activities.


	Further, we may be liable for certain financial obligations of the operator of a well in which we own a working interest to the extent such operator becomes insolvent and cannot satisfy such obligations.  Similarly, we may be liable for certain obligations of our contractors to the extent such contractor becomes insolvent and cannot satisfy their obligations. The satisfaction of such obligations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.


	Our identified drilling locations are scheduled out over many years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling. In addition, we may not be able to raise the substantial amount of capital that would be necessary to drill such locations.


	Our management and technical teams have specifically identified and scheduled certain drilling locations as an estimation of our future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. These drilling locations represent a significant part of our growth strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including oil and natural gas prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, drilling results, lease expirations, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, access to and availability of water sourcing and distribution systems, regulatory approvals, the cooperation of other working interest owners and other factors. Because of these uncertain factors, we do not know if the numerous drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce natural gas or oil from these or any other drilling locations. In addition, unless production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres on which some of the drilling locations are obtained, the leases for such acreage will expire. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified.




	As of December 31, 2016, we had identified 3,135 gross horizontal drilling locations on our Eagle Ford Acreage and 1,413 gross horizontal drilling locations on our North Louisiana Acreage. As a result of the limitations described in this Annual Report, we may be unable to drill many of our identified locations. In addition, we will require significant additional capital over a prolonged period in order to pursue the development of these locations, and we may not be able to raise or generate the capital required to do so. See “— Our development projects and acquisitions require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.” Any drilling activities we are able to conduct on these locations may not be successful, may not result in production or additions to our estimated proved reserves and could result in a downward revision of our estimated proved reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility or our future business and results of operations. Additionally,


	37




	 



	if we curtail our drilling program, we may lose a portion of our acreage through lease expirations and may be required to reduce our estim


	ated proved reserves, which could reduce the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility.



	Certain of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage or the leases are renewed.


	As of December 31, 2016, approximately 48% of our total net acreage was held by production. The leases for our net acreage not held by production will expire at the end of their primary term unless production is established in paying quantities under the units containing these leases or the leases are renewed. For example, as of December 31, 2016, 29% and 18% of our net undeveloped acreage was set to expire in 2017 and 2018, respectively. If our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. Although we intend to extend substantially all of our net acreage associated with identified drilling locations through a combination of development drilling, the payment of pre-agreed leasehold extension and renewal payments pursuant to an option to extend or the negotiation of lease extensions, we may not be successful in extending our leases. Additionally, where we do not have options to extend a lease, we may not be successful in negotiating extensions or renewals or any payments related to such extensions or renewals may be more than anticipated. Please see “Item 1. Business—Reserve Data—Undeveloped Acreage Expirations” for more information regarding acreage expirations and our plans for extending and renewing our acreage. Our ability to drill and develop our acreage and establish production to maintain our leases depends on a number of uncertainties, including oil, natural gas and NGL prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, drilling results, lease expirations, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, access to and availability of water sourcing and distribution systems, regulatory approvals and other factors.


	Adverse weather conditions may negatively affect our operating results and our ability to conduct drilling activities.


	Adverse weather conditions may cause, among other things, increases in the costs of, and delays in, drilling or completing new wells, power failures, temporary shut-in of production and difficulties in the transportation of our oil, natural gas and NGLs. Any decreases in production due to poor weather conditions will have an adverse effect on our revenues, which will in turn negatively affect our cash flow from operations.


	Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


	Water is an essential component of oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Drought conditions have persisted in our areas of operation in past years. These drought conditions have led governmental authorities to restrict the use of water, subject to their jurisdiction, for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supplies. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations, we may be unable to economically produce oil and natural gas, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


	Our producing properties are located in the Eagle Ford and in North Louisiana, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in a limited number of geographic areas.


	All of our producing properties are geographically concentrated in the Eagle Ford and in North Louisiana. At December 31, 2016, all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to properties located in these areas. As a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in these areas caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, market limitations, availability of equipment and personnel, water shortages or other drought related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of oil, natural gas or NGLs.


	The marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which we do not control. If these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.




	The marketability of our oil and natural gas production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. Our oil production is transported from the wellhead to our tank batteries by our gathering systems. The oil is then transported by the purchaser by truck to a transportation facility. Our natural gas production is generally transported by our or third-party gathering lines from the wellhead to a gas processing facility or transmission pipeline. We do not control these trucks and other third-party transportation facilities and our access to them may be limited or denied. Insufficient production from our wells to support the construction of pipeline facilities by our purchasers or a significant disruption in the availability of our or third-party transportation facilities or other production facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market or produce our oil and natural gas and thereby cause a significant interruption in our operations. If, in the future, we are unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties,


	38




	 



	we may be required to shut in or curtail production. Any such shut-in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favor


	able terms for delivery of the oil and natural gas produced from our fields, would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.



	We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest.


	The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While we typically obtain title opinions prior to commencing drilling operations on a lease or in a unit, the failure of title may not be discovered until after a well is drilled, in which case we may lose the lease and the right to produce all or a portion of the minerals under the property.


	The development of our estimated PUDs may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. Therefore, our estimated PUDs may not be ultimately developed or produced.


	As of December 31, 2016, approximately 69% of our total estimated proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped.  Development of these proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. Estimated future development costs relating to the development of our PUDs at December 31, 2016 are approximately $1.10 billion over the next five years. We expect to fund these expenditures through cash generated by operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other sources of capital. Our ability to fund these expenditures is subject to a number of risks. See “—Our development projects and acquisitions require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.” Delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves or decreases in commodity prices will reduce the value of our estimated PUDs and future net revenues estimated for such reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomic. In addition, delays in the development of reserves could cause us to have to reclassify our PUDs as unproved reserves. Furthermore, there is no certainty that we will be able to convert our PUDs to developed reserves or that our undeveloped reserves will be economically viable or technically feasible to produce.


	Further, SEC rules require that, subject to limited exceptions, PUDs may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years after the date of booking. This requirement has limited and may continue to limit our ability to book additional PUDs as we pursue our drilling program. As a result, we may be required to write down our PUDs if we do not drill those wells within the required five-year timeframe.


	Certain factors could require us to write-down the carrying values of our properties, including commodity prices decreasing to a level such that our future undiscounted cash flows from our properties are less than their carrying value.


	Accounting rules require that we periodically review the carrying value of our properties for possible impairment. Based on prevailing commodity prices and specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews, and the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data, economics and other factors, we may be required to write-down the carrying value of our properties. A write-down constitutes a non-cash impairment charge to earnings. Commodity prices have declined significantly since 2014. On March 13, 2017, the WTI spot price for crude oil was $47.95 per barrel and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas was $3.04 per MMBtu, representing decreases of 56% and 63%, respectively, from the high of $107.95 per barrel of oil and $8.15 per MMBtu for natural gas during 2014.


	Likewise, NGLs have suffered significant recent declines in realized prices. Lower commodity prices in the future could result in impairments of our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are taken. As a result of lower commodity prices, we recorded $24.7 million and $9.3 million of impairment expense during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. We could experience further material write-downs as a result of lower commodity prices or other factors, including low production results or high lease operating expenses, capital expenditures or transportation fees.


	Unless we replace our reserves with new reserves and develop those new reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which would adversely affect our future cash flows and results of operations.




	Producing oil and natural gas reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other factors. Unless we conduct successful ongoing exploration and development activities or continually acquire properties containing proved reserves, our proved reserves will decline as those reserves are produced. Our future reserves and production, and therefore our future cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent on our success in efficiently developing our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire sufficient additional reserves to replace our current and future production. If we are unable to replace our


	39




	 



	current and future production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our busines


	s, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.



	Conservation measures and technological advances could reduce or slow the demand for oil and natural gas.


	Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil, natural gas and NGLs, technological advances in fuel economy and developments in energy generation devices could reduce or slow the demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs. The impact of the changing demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


	We depend upon a small number of significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil, natural gas and NGL production.


	We normally sell our production to a relatively small number of customers, as is customary in our business. For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, there were three purchasers who accounted for an aggregate 82% and 72%, respectively, of WHR II’s and Esquisto’s total revenue on a combined basis. During such years, no other purchaser accounted for 10% or more of WHR II’s and Esquisto’s revenue on a combined basis. The loss of any such greater than 10% purchaser as a purchaser could adversely affect our revenues in the short term.


	Our operations may be exposed to significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental and occupational health and safety requirements applicable to our business activities.


	Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment, health and safety aspects of our operations or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of a permit or other approval before conducting regulated activities; the restriction of types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment; the limitation or prohibition of drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, seismically active areas and other protected areas; the application of specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; and the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. Such enforcement actions often involve difficult and costly compliance measures or corrective actions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, natural resource damages, the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. In addition, we may experience delays in obtaining, or be unable to obtain, required permits, which may delay or interrupt our operations and limit our growth and revenue.


	Certain environmental laws impose strict liability (i.e., no showing of “fault” is required) as well as joint and several liability for costs required to remediate and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or solid wastes have been stored or released. We may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us or facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our operations regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. In connection with certain acquisitions, we could acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses. In certain instances, citizen groups also have the ability to bring legal proceedings against us if we are not in compliance with environmental laws, or to challenge our ability to receive environmental permits that we need to operate. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against us. Moreover, public interest in the protection of the environment has increased dramatically in recent years. The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the crude oil and natural gas industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability.


	To the extent laws are enacted or other governmental action is taken that restricts drilling or imposes more stringent and costly operating, waste handling, disposal and cleanup requirements, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.


	We may incur substantial losses and be subject to substantial liability claims as a result of our operations. Additionally, we may not be insured for, or our insurance may be inadequate to protect us against, these risks.


	We are not insured against all risks. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured and underinsured events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.


	40




	 





	Our developme


	nt activities are subject to all of the operating risks associated with drilling for and producing oil and natural gas, including the possibility of:







	 





	•






	environmental hazards, such as uncontrollable releases of oil, natural gas, brine, well fluids, toxic gas or other pollution into the environment, including groundwater, air and shoreline contamination;











	 





	•






	abnormally pressured formations;











	 





	•






	mechanical difficulties, such as stuck oilfield drilling and service tools and casing collapse;











	 





	•






	fires, explosions and ruptures of pipelines;











	 





	•






	personal injuries and death;











	 





	•






	natural disasters; and











	 





	•






	terrorist attacks targeting oil and natural gas related facilities and infrastructure.







	Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations or result in substantial loss to us as a result of claims for:






	 





	•






	injury or loss of life;











	 





	•






	damage to and destruction of property, natural resources and equipment;











	 





	•






	pollution and other environmental damage;











	 





	•






	regulatory investigations and penalties; and











	 





	•






	repair and remediation costs.







	We may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	Our business is difficult to evaluate because we have a limited operating history, and we are susceptible to the potential difficulties associated with rapid growth and expansion.


	WHR II and Esquisto were formed in 2013 and 2014, respectively. As a result, there is only limited historical financial and operating information available upon which to base your evaluation of our performance.


	In addition, we have grown rapidly over the last several years. Our management believes that our future success depends on our ability to manage the rapid growth that we have experienced and the demands from increased responsibility on management personnel. Prior to our initial public offering, WHR II and Esquisto had separate management teams and going forward, we will have one management team. Further, the transition services agreement we entered into with affiliates of Esquisto Holdings in connection with the closing of our initial public offering is effective for six months. Additionally, the following factors could present difficulties:






	 





	•






	increased responsibilities for our executive level personnel;











	 





	•






	increased administrative burden;











	 





	•






	increased capital requirements; and











	 





	•






	increased organizational challenges common to large, expansive operations.







	Our operating results could be adversely affected if we do not successfully manage these potential difficulties. The historical financial information incorporated herein is not necessarily indicative of the results that may be realized in the future. In addition, our operating history is limited and the results from our current producing wells are not necessarily indicative of success from our future drilling operations.


	Properties that we decide to drill may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities.




	Properties that we decide to drill that do not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities will adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There is no way to predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular


	41




	 



	prospect will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to b


	e economically viable. The use of micro-seismic data and other technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil


	or natural gas will be present in commercial quantities. We cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from other wells, more fully explored prospects or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling prospects. Further, our dril


	ling operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of numerous factors, including:







	 





	•






	unexpected drilling conditions;











	 





	•






	title issues;











	 





	•






	pressure or lost circulation in formations;











	 





	•






	equipment failures or accidents;











	 





	•






	adverse weather conditions;











	 





	•






	compliance with environmental and other governmental or contractual requirements; and











	 





	•






	increases in the cost of, and shortages or delays in the availability of, electricity, supplies, materials, drilling or workover rigs, equipment and services.







	We may be unable to make attractive acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses, and any inability to do so may disrupt our business and hinder our ability to grow.


	In the future we may make acquisitions of assets or businesses that complement or expand our current business. However, there is no guarantee we will be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. In the event we are able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. Competition for acquisitions may also increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions.


	The success of completed acquisitions will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions. No assurance can be given that we will be able to identify additional suitable acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. Our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to integrate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


	In addition, our revolving credit facility imposes certain limitations on our ability to enter into mergers or combination transactions and to incur certain indebtedness, which could indirectly limit our ability to acquire assets and businesses.


	Certain of our properties are subject to land use restrictions, which could limit the manner in which we conduct our business.


	Certain of our properties are subject to land use restrictions, including city ordinances, which could limit the manner in which we conduct our business. Such restrictions could affect, among other things, our access to and the permissible uses of our facilities as well as the manner in which we produce oil and natural gas and may restrict or prohibit drilling in general. The costs we incur to comply with such restrictions may be significant in nature, and we may experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of development activities and perhaps even be precluded from the drilling of wells.


	The unavailability or high cost of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and oilfield services could adversely affect our ability to execute our development plans within our budget and on a timely basis.




	The demand for drilling rigs, pipe and other equipment and supplies, as well as for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil, natural gas and NGL prices, causing periodic shortages of supplies and needed personnel. Our operations are concentrated in areas in which oilfield activity levels had increased rapidly, and as a result, demand for such drilling rigs, equipment and personnel, as well as access to transportation, processing and refining facilities in these areas, had increased, as did the costs for those items. However, beginning in the second half of 2014, commodity prices began to decline and the demand for goods and services subsided due to reduced activity. To the extent that commodity prices improve in the future, the demand for and prices of these goods and services are likely to increase and we could encounter delays in or an inability to secure the


	42




	 



	personnel, equipment, power, services, resources and facilities access necessary for us to resume or increase our development activities, which could result in production volumes being below our forecasted volu


	mes. In addition, any such negative effect on production volumes, or significant increases in costs, could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and profitability. Furthermore, if we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs at re


	asonable costs, we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire.



	We could experience periods of higher costs if commodity prices rise. These increases could reduce our profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as planned.


	Historically, our capital and operating costs have risen during periods of increasing oil, natural gas and NGL prices. These cost increases result from a variety of factors beyond our control, such as increases in the cost of electricity, steel and other raw materials that we and our vendors rely upon; increased demand for labor, services and materials as drilling activity increases; and increased taxes. Decreased levels of drilling activity in the oil and natural gas industry in recent periods have led to declining costs of some drilling equipment, materials and supplies. However, such costs may rise faster than increases in our revenue if commodity prices rise, thereby negatively impacting our profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as scheduled and on budget. This impact may be magnified to the extent that our ability to participate in the commodity price increases is limited by our derivative activities.


	A change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of our assets by federal, state or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of our assets, which may cause our revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase.


	Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by the FERC, as a natural gas company under the NGA. We believe that the natural gas pipelines in our gathering systems meet the traditional tests FERC has used to establish a pipeline’s status as a gatherer not subject to regulation as a natural gas company. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of ongoing litigation, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities are subject to change based on future determinations by FERC, the courts or Congress. If the FERC were to consider the status of an individual facility and determine that the facility and/or services provided by it are not exempt from FERC regulation, the rates for, and terms and conditions of services provided by such facility would be subject to regulation by the FERC. Such regulation could decrease revenues, increase operating costs, and depending upon the facility in question, could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if any of our facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the NGA, this could result in the imposition of civil penalties as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such service in excess of the cost-based rate established by the FERC.


	State regulation of gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements and complaint-based rate regulation. We cannot predict what new or different regulations federal and state regulatory agencies may adopt, or what effect subsequent regulation may have on our activities. Such regulations may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows.


	We may be involved in legal proceedings that could result in substantial liabilities.


	Like many oil and gas companies, we are from time to time involved in various legal and other proceedings, such as title, royalty or contractual disputes, regulatory compliance matters and personal injury or property damage matters, in the ordinary course of our business. Such legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings could have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability, penalties or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees or orders requiring a change in our business practices, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Accruals for such liability, penalties or sanctions may be insufficient, and judgments and estimates to determine accruals or range of losses related to legal and other proceedings could change from one period to the next, and such changes could be material.


	Climate change laws and regulations restricting emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce, while potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our production and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects.




	In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, the EPA has adopted regulations pursuant to the federal Clean Air Act to reduce GHG emissions from various sources. For example, the EPA requires certain large stationary sources to obtain preconstruction and operating permits for pollutants regulated under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V programs of the Clean Air Act. Facilities required to obtain


	43




	 



	preconstruction permits for such pollutants are also required to meet “best available control technology” standards that are being established by the states. These regulatory


	requirements could adversely affect our operations and restrict or delay our ability to obtain air permits for new or modified sources.



	The EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from specified onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production sources in the United States on an annual basis, which include certain of our operations. In May 2016, the EPA finalized rules that establish new controls for emissions of methane from new, modified or reconstructed sources in the oil and natural gas sector, including production, processing, transmission and storage activities. Compliance will require enhanced record-keeping practices, the purchase of new equipment and could result in the increased frequency of maintenance and repair activities to address emissions leakage at well sites and compressor stations, and also may require additional personnel time to support these activities or the engagement of third party contractors to assist with and verify compliance. The EPA has also announced that it intends to impose methane emission standards for existing sources but, to date, has not yet issued a proposal. And in 2015, EPA published a rule, known as the Clean Power Plan, to limit GHG emissions from electric power plants. In February 2016, the Supreme Court stayed the implementation of the Clean Power Plan while legal challenges to the rule proceed. Depending on the ultimate outcome of those challenges, and how various states choose to implement this rule, it may alter the power generation mix between natural gas, coal, oil, and alternative energy sources, which would ultimately affect the demand for natural gas and oil in electric generation.


	While Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce GHG emissions at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal climate legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs. Cap and trade programs typically require major sources of GHG emissions to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting those GHGs. In addition, efforts have been made and continue to be made in the international community toward the adoption of international treaties or protocols that would address global climate change issues. For example, in April 2016, the United States signed the Paris Agreement, which requires member nations to review and “represent a progression” in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set GHG emission reduction goals, every five years beginning in 2020. The Paris Agreement, which entered into force in November 2016, includes pledges to voluntarily limit or reduce future emissions. Under the Obama Administration, the United States was one of over 100 nations that have indicated an intent to comply with the agreement.


	Although it is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations. Substantial limitations on GHG emissions could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas we produce.


	Finally, increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth’s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our operations.


	Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing as well as governmental reviews of such activities could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and natural gas wells and adversely affect our production.


	Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of oil and/or natural gas from dense subsurface rock formations. The hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, proppants and chemicals under pressure into targeted subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. We regularly use hydraulic fracturing as part of our operations. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but certain federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the process. For example, the EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority pursuant to the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (“SDWA”) over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel fuels and published permitting guidance in February 2014 addressing the performance of such activities using diesel fuels. The EPA has also issued final regulations under the federal Clean Air Act establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies to disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing. The EPA also finalized rules in June 2016 that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants.


	In addition, Congress has from time to time considered legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. It is unclear how any additional federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing activities may affect our operations.


	44




	 





	Certain governmental reviews are either underway or have been conducted that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. For example, in December 2016,


	the EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The EPA report concluded that “water cycle” activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources “under some cir


	cumstances,” noting that the following hydraulic fracturing water cycle activities and local- or regional-scale factors are more likely than others to result in more frequent or more severe impacts: water withdrawals for fracturing in times or areas of low


	water availability; surface spills during the management of fracturing fluids, chemicals or produced water; injection of fracturing fluids into wells with inadequate mechanical integrity; injection of fracturing fluids directly into groundwater resources;


	discharge of inadequately treated fracturing wastewater to surface waters; and disposal or storage of fracturing wastewater in unlined pits.



	At the state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. For example, in May 2013, the Railroad Commission issued a “well integrity rule,” which updates the requirements for drilling, putting pipe down and cementing wells. The rule also includes new testing and reporting requirements, such as (i) the requirement to submit cementing reports after well completion or after cessation of drilling, whichever is later, and (ii) the imposition of additional testing on wells less than 1,000 feet below usable groundwater. The well integrity rule took effect in January 2014.


	Local governments also may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. If new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where we operate, we could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of development activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells.


	Legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity could restrict our drilling and production activities, as well as our ability to dispose of produced water gathered from such activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


	State and federal regulatory agencies have recently focused on a possible connection between the hydraulic fracturing related activities, particularly the underground injection of wastewater into disposal wells, and the increased occurrence of seismic activity, and regulatory agencies at all levels are continuing to study the possible linkage between oil and gas activity and induced seismicity. For example, in 2015, the United States Geological Study identified eight states, including Texas, with areas of increased rates of induced seismicity that could be attributed to fluid injection or oil and gas extraction.


	In addition, a number of lawsuits have been filed in other states, most recently in Oklahoma, alleging that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. In response to these concerns, regulators in some states are seeking to impose additional requirements, including requirements in the permitting of produced water disposal wells or otherwise to assess the relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. For example, in October 2014, the Railroad Commission published a new rule governing permitting or re-permitting of disposal wells that would require, among other things, the submission of information on seismic events occurring within a specified radius of the disposal well location, as well as logs, geologic cross sections and structure maps relating to the disposal area in question. If the permittee or an applicant of a disposal well permit fails to demonstrate that the produced water or other fluids are confined to the disposal zone or if scientific data indicates such a disposal well is likely to be or determined to be contributing to seismic activity, then the agency may deny, modify, suspend or terminate the permit application or existing operating permit for that well. The Railroad Commission has used this authority to deny permits for waste disposal wells. In some instances, regulators may also order that disposal wells be shut in. For example, in September 2016 the Oklahoma Corporations Commission ordered that all disposal wells with a certain proximity to a particular earthquake in central Oklahoma be shut in.


	We dispose of large volumes of produced water gathered from our drilling and production operations by injecting it into wells pursuant to permits issued to us by governmental authorities overseeing such disposal activities. While these permits are issued pursuant to existing laws and regulations, these legal requirements are subject to change, which could result in the imposition of more stringent operating constraints or new monitoring and reporting requirements, owing to, among other things, concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such gathering or disposal activities. The adoption and implementation of any new laws or regulations that restrict our ability to use hydraulic fracturing or dispose of produced water gathered from our drilling and production activities by limiting volumes, disposal rates, disposal well locations or otherwise, or requiring us to shut down disposal wells, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	45




	 





	Competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, making it more difficult for us to acquire properties, market


	oil or natural gas and secure trained personnel.



	Our ability to acquire additional prospects and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties for acquisitions and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing oil and natural gas and securing trained personnel. Also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and natural gas industry. Many of our competitors possess and employ greater financial, technical and personnel resources than we do. Those companies may be able to pay more for productive properties and exploratory prospects and to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or personnel resources permit. In addition, other companies may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer. The cost to attract and retain qualified personnel has historically continually increased due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining quality personnel and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.


	NGP and their affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us, which could cause conflicts of interest and limit our ability to acquire additional assets or businesses.


	Our governing documents provide that NGP and their respective affiliates (including NGP and its affiliates’ portfolio investments) are not restricted from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. In addition, NGP and their respective affiliates may acquire, develop or dispose of additional oil and natural gas properties or other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or develop any of those assets. NGP are established participants in the oil and natural gas industry, and have resources greater than ours, which factors may make it more difficult for us to compete with them with respect to commercial activities as well as for potential acquisitions. As a result, competition from these affiliates could adversely impact our results of operations.


	The loss of senior management or technical personnel could adversely affect operations.


	We depend on the services of our senior management and technical personnel. We do not maintain, nor do we plan to obtain, any insurance against the loss of any of these individuals. The loss of the services of our senior management or technical personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


	Increases in interest rates could adversely affect our business.


	We require continued access to capital and our business and operating results can be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms of and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in credit rating. We expect to use our revolving credit facility to finance a portion of our future growth, and these changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce cash flow used for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. Recent and continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations. A significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and operating results.


	         Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration and development may be eliminated as a result of future legislation.


	In past years, legislation has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U.S. tax laws, including to certain key U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies. Such legislative changes have included, but not been limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities, and (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. Congress could consider, and could include, some or all of these proposals as part of tax reform legislation, to accompany lower federal income tax rates.  Moreover, other more general features of tax reform legislation, including changes to cost recovery rules and to the deductibility of interest expense, may be developed that also would change the taxation of oil and gas companies.  It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could take effect.  The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that currently are available with respect to oil and gas development, or increase costs, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.


	46




	 





	Our use of seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect the results of our drilling operat


	ions.



	Even when properly used and interpreted, seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. As a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical. In addition, the use of advanced technologies, such as 3-D seismic data, requires greater pre-drilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures.


	Restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in areas where we operate.


	Oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas may be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. Such restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations or materially increase our operating and capital costs. Permanent restrictions imposed to protect threatened or endangered species or their habitat could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. The designation of previously unprotected species in areas where we operate as threatened or endangered could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our activities that could have a material and adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves.


	The enactment of derivatives legislation could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with our business.


	The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and of entities, such as us, that participate in that market. The Dodd- Frank Act requires the CFTC and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the Dodd- Frank Act. In its rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act, in November 2013, the CFTC proposed new rules that would place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. As these new position limit rules are not yet final, the impact of those provisions on us is uncertain at this time.


	The Dodd-Frank Act and CFTC rules also will require us, in connection with certain derivatives activities, to comply with clearing and trade-execution requirements (or to take steps to qualify for an exemption to such requirements). In addition, the CFTC and certain banking regulators have recently adopted final rules establishing minimum margin requirements for uncleared swaps. Although we currently qualify for the end-user exception to the mandatory clearing, trade-execution and margin requirements for swaps entered to hedge our commercial risks, the application of such requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. In addition, if any of our swaps do not qualify for the commercial end-user exception, posting of collateral could impact liquidity and reduce cash available to us for capital expenditures, therefore reducing our ability to execute hedges to reduce risk and protect cash flow.


	It is not possible at this time to predict with certainty the full effects of the Dodd-Frank Act and CFTC rules on us or the timing of such effects. The Dodd-Frank Act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter, and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and CFTC rules, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures.


	Finally, the Dodd-Frank Act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil, natural gas and NGL prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil, natural gas and NGL. Our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the Dodd-Frank Act and CFTC rules is to lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on us, our financial condition or our results of operations. In addition, the European Union and other non-U.S. jurisdictions are implementing regulations with respect to the derivatives market. To the extent we transact with counterparties in foreign jurisdictions, we may become subject to such regulations, the impact of which is not clear at this time.


	We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry.




	The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancement and the introduction of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. In addition, other


	47




	 



	oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personn


	el resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and that may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis o


	r at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.



	Our business could be adversely affected by security threats, including cyber-security threats, and related disruptions.


	We rely heavily on our information systems, and the availability and integrity of these systems are essential for us to conduct our business and operations. As a producer of natural gas and oil, we face various security threats, including cyber-security threats, to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information or to render our information or systems unusable, and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as gathering and processing and other facilities, refineries and pipelines. The potential for such security threats subjects our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


	Our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate such security threats and to increase security for our information, systems, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased costs. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. If any of these security breaches were to occur, they could lead to losses of, or damage to, sensitive information or facilities, infrastructure and systems essential to our business and operations, as well as data corruption, communication interruptions or other disruptions to our operations, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.


	Risks Related Our Common Stock


	If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.


	We expect that the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrades our common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.


	NGP has the ability to direct the voting of a majority of our common stock, and its interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders.


	NGP and its affiliates, through WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and NGP XI, beneficially own approximately 76.1% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, NGP is currently able to control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, changes to our organizational documents and significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any other holder or group of holders of our common stock will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of NGP with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. Given this concentrated ownership, NGP would have to approve any potential acquisition of us. In addition, certain of our directors are currently employees of NGP. These directors’ duties as employees of NGP may conflict with their duties as our directors, and the resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our or your best interest. Furthermore, we are party to a stockholders’ agreement with WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings that provides WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings with the right to designate a certain number of nominees to our board of directors so long as they, Acquisition Co. Holdings, NGP XI and their affiliates collectively beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock.  The existence of a significant stockholder and the stockholders’ agreement may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our company. Moreover, NGP’s concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning stock of a company with a significant stockholder.


	48




	 





	Certain of our directors have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, entities that may compete with us in seeking acquisitions and business opportunities and, according


	ly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time or pursuing business opportunities.



	Certain of our directors, who are responsible for managing the direction of our operations and acquisition activities, hold positions of responsibility with other entities (including NGP-affiliated entities) that are in the business of identifying and acquiring oil and natural gas properties. For example, three of our directors (Messrs. Gieselman, Hayes and Weber) are Partners or Managing Partners of NGP, which is in the business of investing in oil and natural gas companies with independent management teams that seek to acquire oil and natural gas properties, and Mr. Brannon is President of certain NGP portfolio companies. The existing positions held by these directors may give rise to fiduciary or other duties that are in conflict with the duties they owe to us. These directors may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to the other entities with which they are or may become affiliated. Due to these existing and potential future affiliations, they may present potential business opportunities to other entities prior to presenting them to us, which could cause additional conflicts of interest. They may also decide that certain opportunities are more appropriate for other entities with which they are affiliated, and as a result, they may elect not to present those opportunities to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor.


	NGP and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us, and the corporate opportunity provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation could enable NGP to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.


	Our governing documents will provide that NGP and its affiliates (including portfolio investments of NGP and its affiliates) are not restricted from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. In particular, subject to the limitations of applicable law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will, among other things:






	 





	•






	permit NGP and its affiliates to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and











	 





	•






	provide that if NGP or any of its affiliates, or any employee, partner, member, manager, officer or director of NGP or its affiliates who is also one of our directors or officers, becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter, they will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us.







	Currently, NGP has multiple portfolio companies operating in the oil and natural gas industry, some of which may compete with us directly, including one company which operates in the broader Eagle Ford. Further, NGP or its affiliates may become aware, from time to time, of certain business opportunities (such as acquisition opportunities) and may direct such opportunities to other businesses in which they have invested, in which case we may not become aware of or otherwise have the ability or option to pursue such opportunity. Such businesses may choose to compete with us for these opportunities, possibly causing these opportunities to be unavailable to, or more expensive for, us to pursue. In this regard, we do not expect to enter into any agreement or arrangement with NGP and its affiliates to apportion opportunities between us, on the one hand, and NGP and its affiliates, on the other hand. In addition, NGP and its affiliates may dispose of oil and natural gas properties or other assets in the future without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase any of those assets. As a result, our renouncing our interest and expectancy in any business opportunity that may be, from time to time, presented to NGP or its affiliates could adversely impact our business or prospects if attractive business opportunities are procured by such parties for their own benefit rather than for ours.


	NGP is an established participant in the oil and natural gas industry and has access to resources greater than ours, which may make it more difficult for us to compete with NGP and its affiliates for commercial activities and potential acquisitions. We cannot assure you that any conflicts that may arise between us and our stockholders, on the one hand, and NGP or its affiliates, on the other hand, will be resolved in our favor. As a result, competition from NGP and its affiliates could adversely impact our results of operations.


	 


	49




	 





	We are a “co


	ntrolled company” and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.



	A group of stockholders that includes WildHorse Investment Holdings, Esquisto Investment Holdings, WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings, NGP XI, NGP and certain of NGP’s affiliates (collectively, the “Sponsor Group”) beneficially control a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our outstanding voting stock. As a result, we qualify as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain applicable corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:






	 





	•






	a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors;











	 





	•






	the nominating and corporate governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;











	 





	•






	the compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and











	 





	•






	an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees.







	We utilize the foregoing exemptions from the applicable corporate governance requirements.  As a result, we do not have a majority of independent directors and do not have a compensation committee.  Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such corporate governance requirements.


	The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment.


	Volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your common stock at or above the price you paid for your common stock. The market price for our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons, including:






	 





	•






	our operating and financial performance and prospects;











	 





	•






	changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts who track our common stock or industry;











	 





	•






	market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; and











	 





	•






	sales of common stock by us, our stockholders (including the Sponsor Group), or members of our management team.







	In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in our industries. The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price.


	We currently have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock, so you may not receive funds without selling your common stock.


	We currently have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock. Any payment of dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and business opportunities, the restrictions in our debt agreements, and other considerations that our Board deems relevant. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your common stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment.


	Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us.


	We may sell additional shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings or otherwise, including to finance acquisitions. We may also issue convertible securities. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock, or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including any shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.


	Each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and NGP XI are party to a registration rights agreement, which requires us to effect the registration of its shares in certain circumstances.


	50




	 





	We filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-8 providing for the registration of 9,512,500 shares of our common stock issued or reserved for issuance under our WildHorse Resource Development


	Corporation 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions and the expiration of lock-up agreements, shares registered under our registration statement on Form S-8 are available for resale immediately in the public market


	without restriction.



	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares.


	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, designate the number of shares constituting any series, and fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, the terms of such stock could cause it to be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:






	 





	•






	the Sponsor Group no longer collectively own or control the voting of more than 50% of our outstanding common stock:











	 





	o






	dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;











	 





	o






	providing that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law or, if applicable, subject to the rights of holders of a series of preferred stock, only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum (prior to such time, vacancies may also be filled by stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares);











	 





	o






	permitting any action by stockholders to be taken only at an annual meeting or special meeting rather than by a written consent of the stockholders, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock with respect to such rights;











	 





	o






	permitting special meetings of our stockholders to be called only by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of authorized directors, whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships (prior to such time, a special meeting may also be called at the request of stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote); and











	 





	o






	requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% in voting power of all then outstanding common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to remove any or all of the directors from office at any time, and directors will be removable only for “cause;”











	 





	•






	prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors;  











	 





	•






	establishing advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; and











	 





	•






	providing that the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our bylaws.







	We have engaged in transactions with our affiliates and expect to do so in the future. The terms of such transactions and the resolution of any conflicts that may arise may not always be in our or our stockholders’ best interests.


	We have engaged in transactions and expect to continue to engage in transactions with affiliated companies. The resolution of any conflicts that may arise in connection with any related party transactions that we have entered into with NGP, WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings or their affiliates, including pricing, duration or other terms of service, may not always be in our or our stockholders’ best interests because NGP may have the ability to influence the outcome of these conflicts. For a discussion of potential conflicts, please read “—NGP has the ability to direct the voting of a majority of our common stock, and its interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders.”


	We may issue preferred stock, the terms of which could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock.




	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or se


	ries of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or


	51




	 



	th


	e right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.



	For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to accounting standards and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies.


	We are classified as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, which may be up to five full fiscal years, unlike other public companies, we will not be required to, among other things: (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) comply with any new requirements adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; (iii) provide certain disclosures regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies; or (iv) hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if we have more than $1.0 billion of revenues in a fiscal year, have more than $700.0 million in market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period.


	To the extent that we rely on any of the exemptions available to emerging growth companies, you will receive less information about our executive compensation and internal control over financial reporting than issuers that are not emerging growth companies. If some investors find our common stock to be less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.


	The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner.


	As a public company, we are required to comply with new laws, regulations and requirements, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations of the SEC and the requirements of the NYSE, which we were not required to comply with as a private company. We expect efforts to comply with these statutes, regulations and requirements may occupy a significant amount of time of our board of directors and management and may significantly increase our costs and expenses. As a public company, we are required to:






	 





	•






	institute a more comprehensive compliance function;











	 





	•






	comply with stock exchange rules;  











	 





	•






	continue to prepare and distribute periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws;











	 





	•






	establish new internal policies, such as those relating to insider trading; and











	 





	•






	involve and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the above activities.







	Furthermore, while we generally must comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2017, we are not required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls until our first annual report subsequent to our ceasing to be an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act. Accordingly, we may not be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls until as late as our annual report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Once it is required to do so, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed. Compliance with these requirements may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner.


	In addition, being a public company subject to these rules and regulations makes it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.


	52




	 





	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and pr


	oceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents.



	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.


	If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock.


	Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. We cannot be certain that our efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Any failure to develop or maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which may have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock









	ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS


	None.









	ITEM 2. PROPERTIES


	Information regarding our properties is contained in Item 1. “Business” and Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Results of Operations” contained herein.






	ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


	As part of our normal business activities, we may be named as defendants in litigation and legal proceedings, including those arising from regulatory and environmental matters. If we determine that a negative outcome is and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable, we accrue the estimated amount. We are not aware of any litigation, pending or threatened, that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. No amounts have been accrued at December 31, 2016.









	ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES


	Not applicable.


	53






	 











	PART


	II









	ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


	Market Information


	Our common stock began trading on the NYSE under the symbol “WRD” on December 14, 2016. Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of March 16, 2017, we had approximately 93,987,541 shares of common stock outstanding and 3 stockholders of record. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the reported high and low sale prices for our common stock on the NYSE.


	 








	 




	 




	Common Share Price Range




	 






	 




	 




	High




	 




	 




	Low




	 






	2016




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	4th Quarter (beginning December 14, 2016)




	 




	$




	15.06




	 




	 




	$




	14.40




	 






	3rd Quarter




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	2nd Quarter




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	1st Quarter




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 







	Dividend Policy


	Since our initial public offering, we have not declared any dividends and we do not anticipate declaring or providing any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth. The decision whether to pay dividends in the future will be made by our Board in light of conditions then existing, including factors such as our financial condition, earnings, available cash, business opportunities, legal requirements, restrictions in our debt agreements, and other contracts and other factors our Board deems relevant.




	Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans


	The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2016:


	 






	Plan Category




	 




	Number of


	securities to be


	issued upon


	exercise of


	outstanding


	options, warrants


	and rights




	 




	 




	Weighted-average


	exercise price of


	outstanding


	options, warrants


	and rights




	 




	 




	Number of


	securities


	remaining available


	for future issuance


	under equity


	compensation plans




	 






	Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,159,166




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	The WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan was adopted in November 2016 in connection with the completion of our initial public offering.






	Common Units Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan


	See Item 12. “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.


	Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


	During the three months ended December 31, 2016, there was no repurchases of our common shares.


	Comparative Stock Performance




	The following stock price performance graph is intended to allow review of stockholder returns, expressed in terms of the appreciation of the Company’s common stock relative to two broad-based stock performance indices. The information is included for historical comparative purposes only and should not be considered indicative of future stock performance. The stock performance graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, nor shall information be


	54




	 



	inco


	rporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing.



	The performance graph shown below compares the total return to stockholders on WRD’s common stock as compared to the total returns on the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index (“S&P 500 Index”) and the Standard and Poor’s 500 Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Select Index (“S&P Oil and Gas E&P Select Index”) from December 14, 2016 through December 31, 2016. The comparison was prepared based upon the following assumptions:






	 





	1.





	$100 was invested on December 14, 2016 in each of the following: common stock of WRD, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Oil and Gas E&P Select Index.










	 





	2.





	Dividends are reinvested.






Click to enlarge


	 








	Investment




	 




	December 14, 2016




	 




	 




	December 31, 2016




	 






	WRD




	 




	$




	100.00




	 




	 




	$




	96.95




	 






	S&P 500 Index




	 




	$




	100.00




	 




	 




	$




	99.36




	 






	S&P Oil and Gas E&P Select Index




	 




	$




	100.00




	 




	 




	$




	99.36




	 








	 








	ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA


	The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” both contained herein.


	Basis of Presentation.

	The selected financial data of our predecessor was retrospectively recast due to common control considerations. Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests were accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost. As such, the selected financial data presented below (i) (a) as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2016, and (b) as of December 31, 2015, and for the period from February 17, 2015 (the inception of common control) to December 31, 2015, have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to our predecessor and Esquisto for periods prior to our initial public offering and (ii) (a) for the period from January 1, 2015 to February 16, 2015, and (b) as of, and for the year ended December 31, 2014, have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to our predecessor. Furthermore, the results of Acquisition Co. are reflected in the financial data presented herein beginning on December 19, 2016. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest.



	Comparability of the information reflected in selected financial data.

	The comparability of the results of operations among the periods presented is impacted by the following:







	 





	•






	combining the financial position and results of operations of Esquisto with the predecessor beginning February 17, 2015;







	55




	 






	 





	•












	public company expenses incurred in connection with our initial public offering and the Corporat


	e Reorganization; and











	 





	•






	Esquisto’s third-party acquisition of certain oil and natural gas producing properties, undeveloped acreage and water assets located in the Eagle Ford in July 2015 for a purchase price of $103.0 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments.







	As a result of the factors listed above, the consolidated and combined historical results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of these results and certain financial data may not be comparable or indicative of future results.


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands, except per share data)




	 






	Revenues:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil sales




	 




	$




	75,938




	 




	 




	$




	42,971




	 




	 




	$




	2,780




	 






	Natural gas sales




	 




	 




	43,487




	 




	 




	 




	38,665




	 




	 




	 




	41,694




	 






	NGL sales




	 




	 




	5,786




	 




	 




	 




	4,295




	 




	 




	 




	989




	 






	Other income




	 




	 




	2,131




	 




	 




	 




	404




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total revenues




	 




	 




	127,342




	 




	 




	 




	86,335




	 




	 




	 




	45,463




	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	 




	12,320




	 




	 




	 




	14,053




	 




	 




	 




	9,428




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	 




	6,581




	 




	 




	 




	5,300




	 




	 




	 




	3,953




	 






	Gathering system operating expense




	 




	 




	99




	 




	 




	 




	914




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	 




	6,814




	 




	 




	 




	5,510




	 




	 




	 




	2,584




	 






	Cost of oil sales




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	687




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,757




	 




	 




	 




	56,244




	 




	 




	 




	15,297




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	General and administrative expenses




	 




	 




	23,973




	 




	 




	 




	15,903




	 




	 




	 




	5,838




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	12,026




	 




	 




	 




	18,299




	 




	 




	 




	1,597




	 






	Total operating expenses




	 




	 




	143,570




	 




	 




	 




	125,535




	 




	 




	 




	64,105




	 






	Income (loss) from operations




	 




	 




	(16,228




	)




	 




	 




	(39,200




	)




	 




	 




	(18,642




	)






	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense




	 




	 




	(7,834




	)




	 




	 




	(6,943




	)




	 




	 




	(2,680




	)






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	(1,667




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(26,771




	)




	 




	 




	13,854




	 




	 




	 




	6,514




	 






	Other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(151




	)




	 




	 




	(147




	)




	 




	 




	213




	 






	Total other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(36,423




	)




	 




	 




	6,764




	 




	 




	 




	4,047




	 






	Income (loss) before income taxes




	 




	 




	(52,651




	)




	 




	 




	(32,436




	)




	 




	 




	(14,595




	)






	Income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	5,575




	 




	 




	 




	(604




	)




	 




	 




	158




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	(47,076




	)




	 




	$




	(33,040




	)




	 




	$




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to previous owners




	 




	 




	(2,681




	)




	 




	 




	(3,085




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) allocated to predecessor




	 




	 




	(33,998




	)




	 




	 




	(29,955




	)




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	(10,397




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) per common share:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	 




	91,327




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Cash Flow Data:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities




	 




	$




	22,262




	 




	 




	$




	50,096




	 




	 




	$




	25,660




	 






	Net cash used in investing activities




	 




	$




	(567,545




	)




	 




	$




	(443,639




	)




	 




	$




	(128,967




	)






	Net cash provided by financing activities




	 




	$




	505,272




	 




	 




	$




	424,481




	 




	 




	$




	114,589




	 






	Other Financial Data:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Adjusted EBITDAX (1)




	 




	$




	84,317




	 




	 




	$




	55,858




	 




	 




	$




	21,277




	 






	Balance Sheet Data (at period end):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents




	 




	$




	3,115




	 




	 




	$




	43,126




	 




	 




	$




	12,188




	 






	Total assets




	 




	$




	1,442,281




	 




	 




	$




	966,365




	 




	 




	$




	335,722




	 






	Total liabilities




	 




	$




	434,393




	 




	 




	$




	317,676




	 




	 




	$




	156,731




	 






	Predecessor and Previous owner equity




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	648,689




	 




	 




	$




	178,992




	 






	Stockholders' equity




	 




	$




	1,007,888




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity




	 




	$




	1,442,281




	 




	 




	$




	966,365




	 




	 




	$




	335,722




	 







	 






	 





	(1)






	Adjusted EBITDAX is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a definition of Adjusted EBITDAX and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX to net (loss) income, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations—Adjusted EBITDAX.”







	56





	 











	ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF


	FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” contained herein. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, market prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, production volumes, estimates of proved reserves, capital expenditures, economic and competitive conditions, drilling results, regulatory changes and other uncertainties, as well as those factors discussed in “Risk Factors” contained in Part I—Item 1A of this Annual Report and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur.  We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law.


	Overview


	We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in August 2016 to become a holding company for the assets and operations of WHR II and Esquisto.  With equity commitments from affiliates of NGP and its Management Members, WHR II was founded in June 2013 and Esquisto was founded in June 2014.


	Contemporaneously with our initial public offering, (i) the owners of WHR II exchanged all of their interests in WHR II for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings and the current owners of Esquisto exchanged all of their interests in Esquisto for equivalent interests in Esquisto Investment Holdings, (ii) WildHorse Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II to WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in Esquisto to Esquisto Holdings and the former owner of Acquisition Co. contributed all of its interests in Acquisition Co. to Acquisition Co. Holdings, (iii) WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings issued management incentive units to certain of our officers and employees as described in this Annual Report and (iv) WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., respectively, to us in exchange for shares of our common stock. We refer to these reorganization transactions as the “Corporate Reorganization.” As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. became direct, wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.


	Outlook


	Our financial position and future prospects, including our revenues, operating results, profitability, liquidity, future growth and the value of our assets, depend primarily on prevailing commodity prices. The oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and commodity prices are highly volatile.  During 2015 and the first half of 2016, the global oil supply continued to outpace demand, resulting in a decline in realized prices for oil production. In general, this imbalance between supply and demand reflects the significant supply growth achieved in the United States as a result of shale drilling and oil production increases by certain other countries, including Russia and Saudi Arabia, as part of an effort to retain market share, combined with only modest demand growth in the United States and less-than-expected demand in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe and China. Starting in 2014 and continuing into 2016, commodity prices dropped significantly, with the West Texas Intermediate posted price declining from $108 per Bbl in June 2014 to approximately $26 per Bbl in January 2016 and the Henry Hub spot market price declining from over $8 per MMBtu in February 2014 to less than $2 per MMBtu in March 2016. NGL prices have also suffered significant declines. A combination of oversupply from production growth and weaker demand due to weak economic activity and increased efficiency has contributed to the falling prices.


	The U.S. Energy Information Administration’s, or EIA’s, February 2017

	Short-Term Energy Outlook

	forecasts that Brent crude oil prices will average $55 per Bbl in 2017 and $58 per Bbl in 2018. North Sea Brent crude oil spot prices averaged $55 per Bbl in January 2017; an increase of $24 per Bbl from the January 2016 average and the highest monthly average since July 2015. World crude oil supply grew an estimated 0.8 MMbbl/d and global oil inventory draws will average 0.1 MMbbl/d and 0.2 MMbbl/d in 2017 and 2018, respectively. Like Brent crude oil prices, WTI prices have increased. The EIA expects WTI crude oil prices to average $1 per Bbl lower than Brent in 2017.


	The EIA expects that natural gas production will increase by 1.3 Bcf/d in 2017 compared to 2016.  Production is expected to increase by an additional 4.1 Bcf/d in 2018.  The EIA expects increased capacity for natural gas-fired electric generation, growing domestic natural gas consumption and new export capabilities will cause the Henry Hub natural gas spot price to rise from a projected average of $3.43 per MMBtu in 2017 to $3.70 per MMBtu in 2018.


	57




	 





	We established a full year 2017 drilling and completion capital expenditure budget that is $450 million to $600 million.  In our North Louisiana Acreage, we recommenced drilling by adding one rig in late 2016 and intend to add one additional d


	rilling rig in 2017.  In our Eagle Ford Acreage, we are currently running a five-rig program and intend to remain at five rigs in 2017.  We expect to fund our 2017 development from cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility


	and from proceeds received from our 2025 Senior Notes offering.


	See “Part I, Item 1. Business—Recent Developments” for additional information regarding our 2025 Senior Notes.



	Lower oil, natural gas and NGL prices not only reduce our revenues and cash flows, but also may limit the amount of oil, natural gas and NGLs that we can produce economically and therefore potentially lower our reserves. Lower commodity prices in the future could also result in impairments of our oil and natural gas properties and may also reduce the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility, which will be determined by the lenders, in their sole discretion, based upon projected revenues from our oil, natural gas and NGL properties and our commodity derivative contracts. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, operating cash flows, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures. Alternatively, higher oil, natural gas and NGL prices may result in significant non-cash fair value losses being incurred on our derivatives, which could cause us to experience net losses when oil and natural gas prices rise.


	Sources of Our Revenues


	Our revenues are derived from the sale of our oil and natural gas production, the sale of NGLs that are extracted from our natural gas during processing, and the gathering charge paid by certain third parties for their share of volumes that run through our gathering system. Production revenues are derived entirely from the continental United States. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we derived approximately 60% of our revenues from oil sales, 34% from natural gas sales, 5% from NGL sales and 2% from gathering charges.


	Natural gas, NGL and oil prices are inherently volatile and are influenced by many factors outside our control. In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in natural gas and oil prices on revenues, or to protect the economics of property acquisitions, we intend to periodically enter into derivative contracts with respect to a significant portion of estimated natural gas and oil production through various transactions that fix the future prices received. Our oil, natural gas and NGL revenues do not include the effects of derivatives.


	Principal Components of Cost Structure


	Costs associated with producing oil, natural gas and NGLs are substantial. Some of these costs vary with commodity prices, some trend with the type and volume of production, and others are a function of the number of wells we own. The sections below summarize the primary operating costs we typically incur.






	 





	•






	Lease Operating Expenses.


	Lease operating expenses (“LOE”) are the costs incurred in the operation of producing properties and workover costs. Expenses for utilities, direct labor, water injection and disposal, workover rigs and workover expenses, materials and supplies comprise the most significant portion of our LOE. Certain items, such as direct labor and materials and supplies, generally remain relatively fixed across broad production volume ranges, but can fluctuate depending on activities performed during a specific period. For instance, repairs to our pumping equipment or surface facilities result in increased LOE in periods during which they are performed. Certain of our operating cost components are variable and increase or decrease as the level of produced hydrocarbons and water increases or decreases. For example, we incur power costs in connection with various production-related activities, such as pumping to recover oil and natural gas and separation and treatment of water produced in connection with our oil and natural gas production.







	We monitor our operations to ensure that we are incurring LOE at an acceptable level. For example, we monitor our LOE per Boe to determine if any wells or properties should be shut in, recompleted or sold. This unit rate also allows us to monitor these costs in certain fields and geographic areas to identify trends and to benchmark against other producers. Although we strive to reduce our LOE, these expenses can increase or decrease on a per unit basis as a result of various factors as we operate our properties or make acquisitions and dispositions of properties. For example, we may increase field-level expenditures to optimize our operations, incurring higher expenses in one quarter relative to another, or we may acquire or dispose of properties that have different LOE per Boe. These initiatives would influence our overall operating cost and could cause fluctuations when comparing LOE on a period to period basis.






	 





	•






	Gathering, processing and transportation (“GP&T”).


	These are costs incurred to deliver production of our natural gas, NGLs and oil to the market. Cost levels of these expenses can vary based on the volume of natural gas, NGLs and oil produced as well as the cost of commodity processing.











	 





	•






	Gathering System Operating Expense.


	Gathering system operating expenses include contract labor, water disposal, dehydration equipment rentals, chemical and facilities-related expenses and facility termination fees that are incurred in the operation of our North Louisiana gathering system.







	58




	 






	 





	•












	Taxes other than Income Taxes.


	Production taxes are paid on produced oil and natural gas based on rates established by federal, state or local ta


	xing authorities. In general, the production taxes we pay correlate to the changes in oil, natural gas and NGLs revenues. Production taxes for our Texas properties are based on the market value of our production at the wellhead.  Production taxes for our L


	ouisiana properties are based on our gross production at the wellhead. We are also subject to ad valorem taxes in the counties and parishes where our production is located. Ad valorem taxes for our Texas properties are based on the fair market value of our


	mineral interests for producing wells. Ad valorem taxes for our Louisiana properties are assessed based on the cost of our oil and gas properties. Louisiana imposes a capital based franchise tax on corporations based on capital employed within the state.











	 





	•






	Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization.


	Depreciation, depletion and amortization (“DD&A”) is the systematic expensing of the capitalized costs incurred to acquire and develop oil and natural gas properties. We use the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and natural gas activities and, as such, we capitalize all costs associated with our development and acquisition efforts and all successful exploration efforts, which are then allocated to each unit of production using the unit of production method. Please read “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Successful Efforts Method of Accounting for Oil and Natural Gas Activities” for further discussion. Our DD&A rate can fluctuate as a result of impairments, dispositions, finding and development costs and proved reserve volumes, which are all impacted by oil, natural gas and NGL prices.











	 





	•






	Impairment Expense.


	We review our proved properties and unproved leasehold costs for impairment whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that a decline in the recoverability of their carrying value may have occurred. Please read “—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties” for further discussion.











	 





	•






	General and Administrative Expenses.


	General and administrative (“G&A”) expenses are costs incurred for overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of maintaining our headquarters, costs of managing our production and development operations, stock based compensation, public company expenses, IT expenses, audit and other fees for professional services, including legal compliance and acquisition-related expenses.











	 





	•






	Exploration Expense.


	Exploration expense is geological and geophysical costs that include seismic surveying costs, costs of unsuccessful exploratory dry holes and lease abandonment and delay rentals. Exploration expense also includes rig standby and rig contract termination fees.











	 





	•






	Incentive unit compensation expense.


	See “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Incentive Units,” contained herein for additional information.











	 





	•






	Interest expense.


	We finance a portion of our working capital requirements and acquisitions with borrowings under revolving credit facilities and senior note issuances. As a result, we incur substantial interest expense that is affected by both fluctuations in interest rates and financing decisions. We expect to continue to incur significant interest expense as we continue to grow.  Interest expense includes the amortization of debt issuance costs as well as the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.











	 





	•






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments.


	Net realized and unrealized gains on our derivatives are a function of fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices and the monthly settlement of the instruments. Given the volatility of commodity prices, it is not possible to predict future reported unrealized mark-to-market net gains or losses and the actual net gains or losses that will ultimately be realized upon settlement of the hedge positions in future years. If commodity prices at settlement are lower than the prices of the hedge positions, the hedges are expected to mitigate the otherwise negative effect on earnings of lower oil, natural gas and NGL prices. However, if commodity prices at settlement are higher than the prices of the hedge positions, the hedges are expected to dampen the otherwise positive effect on earnings of higher oil, natural gas and NGL prices and will, in this context, be viewed as having resulted in an opportunity cost.











	 





	•






	Income tax expense.


	We are a corporation subject to federal and certain state income taxes. Prior to our initial public offering, we were primarily organized as pass-through entities for federal income tax purposes and were not subject to federal income taxes; however, one of our predecessor subsidiaries previously elected to be taxed as a corporation and was subject to federal and state income taxes.







	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates


	Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements




	Preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical


	59




	 



	experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basi


	s for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.



	We evaluate the estimates and assumptions on a regular basis; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements. Significant estimates with regard to these financial statements include (1) the estimate of proved oil, gas and NGL reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom; (2) depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; (3) valuation of accounts receivable; (4) accrued capital expenditures and liabilities; (5) asset retirement obligations; (6) environmental remediation costs; (7) valuation of derivative instruments; (8) contingent liabilities and (9) impairment expense. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates, and such revisions could be material.


	Successful Efforts Method of Accounting for Oil and Natural Gas Activities


	We use the successful efforts method of accounting for natural gas and crude oil producing activities. Costs to acquire mineral interests in natural gas and crude oil properties are capitalized. Costs to drill and develop development wells and costs to drill and develop exploratory wells that find proved reserves are also capitalized.  Costs to drill exploratory wells that do not find proved reserves, delay rentals and geological and geophysical costs are expensed.


	Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties


	We acquire leases on acreage not associated with proved reserves or held by production with the expectation of ultimately assigning proved reserves and holding the leases with production. The costs of acquiring these leases, including primarily brokerage costs and amounts paid to lessors, are capitalized and excluded from current amortization pending evaluation. When proved reserves are assigned, the leasehold costs associated with those leases are depleted as producing oil and gas properties. Costs associated with leases not held by production are impaired when events and circumstances indicate that carrying value of the properties is not recoverable.


	Capitalized costs of producing natural gas and crude oil properties and support equipment, net of estimated salvage values, are depleted by field using the units-of-production method. Well and well equipment and tangible property additions are depleted over proved developed reserves and leasehold costs are depleted over total proved reserves.


	Proved oil and gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a potential decline in the fair value of such properties below the carrying value, such as a downward revision of the reserve estimates or lower commodity prices. We estimate the undiscounted future cash flows expected in connection with the properties and compare such future cash flows to the carrying amounts of the properties to determine if the carrying amounts are recoverable. If the carrying value of the properties is determined to not be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by comparing the carrying value to the estimated fair value of the properties. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of proved and probable reserves, future commodity prices, the timing of future production and capital expenditures and a discount rate commensurate with the risk reflective of the lives remaining for the respective oil and gas properties.


	Oil and Natural Gas Reserve Quantities


	The estimates of proved natural gas, crude oil and NGL reserves utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are estimated in accordance with guidelines established by the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), which require that reserve estimates be prepared under existing economic and operating conditions using a 12-month average price with no provision for price and cost escalations in future years except by contractual arrangements.


	Our estimates of proved reserves are based on the quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. Reserves and economic evaluation of all of our properties are prepared on a well-by-well basis. The accuracy of reserve estimates is a function of the:






	 





	•






	quality and quantity of available data;











	 





	•






	interpretation of that data;











	 





	•






	accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions; and











	 





	•






	judgment of the independent reserve engineer.







	60




	 





	One of the most significant estimates we make is the e


	stimate of oil, natural gas and NGL reserves. Oil, natural gas and NGL reserve estimates require significant judgments in the evaluation of all available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. The data for a given field may change substant


	ially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, production history, projected future production, economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, operating expenses, severance and other taxe


	s, capital expenditures and remediation costs and these estimates are inherently uncertain. If estimates of proved reserves decline, our DD&A rate will increase, resulting in a decrease in net income. A decline in estimates of proved reserves could also ca


	use us to perform an impairment analysis to determine if the carrying amount of oil and natural gas properties exceeds fair value and could result in an impairment charge, which would reduce earnings. We cannot predict what reserve revisions may be require


	d in future periods.



	We intend to have our independent reserve engineer audit our internally prepared reserve report as of December 31 for each year.


	Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization


	Our DD&A rate is dependent upon our estimates of total proved and proved developed reserves, which incorporate various assumptions and future projections. If our estimates of total proved or proved developed reserves decline, the rate at which we record DD&A expense increases, which in turn reduces our net income. Such a decline in reserves may result from lower commodity prices or other changes to reserve estimates, as discussed above, and we are unable to predict changes in reserve quantity estimates as such quantities are dependent on the success of our exploration and development program, as well as future economic conditions.


	Derivative Instruments


	We utilize commodity derivative instruments, including swaps and collars, to manage the price risk associated with the forecasted sale of our oil and natural gas production. A swap requires us to pay the counterparty if the settlement price exceeds the strike price and the same counterparty is required to pay us if the settlement price is less than the strike price. A collar requires us to pay the counterparty if the settlement price is above the ceiling price and requires the counterparty to pay us if the settlement price is below the floor price. The objective of our use of derivative financial instruments is to achieve more predictable cash flows in an environment of volatile oil, gas and NGL prices and to manage our exposure to commodity price risk. While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, such use may also limit our ability to benefit from favorable price movements. We may, from time to time, add incremental derivatives to hedge additional production, restructure existing derivative contracts or enter into new transactions to modify the terms of current contracts in order to realize the current value of the our existing positions. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes.


	Our derivative instruments are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in fair value are recognized in our consolidated and combined statements of operations in the period of change. Gains and losses on derivatives and premiums paid for put options are included in cash flows from operating activities.


	Our valuation estimate takes into consideration the counterparties’ credit worthiness, our credit worthiness, and the time value of money. The consideration of the factors results in an estimated exit-price for each derivative asset or liability under a market place participant’s view. We believe that this approach provides a reasonable, non-biased, verifiable, and consistent methodology for valuing commodity derivative instruments.


	Accounting for Business Combinations


	We account for all of our business combinations using the purchase method, which involves the use of significant judgment. Any excess or shortage of amounts assigned to assets and liabilities over or under the purchase price is recorded as a gain on bargain purchase or goodwill. The amount of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase recorded in any particular business combination can vary significantly depending upon the values attributed to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.


	In estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, we make various assumptions. The most significant assumptions relate to the estimated fair values assigned to proved and unproved oil and gas properties. If sufficient market data is not available regarding the fair values of proved and unproved properties, we must prepare estimates. To estimate the fair values of these properties, we prepare estimates of oil, natural gas and NGL reserves. We estimate future prices to apply to the estimated reserves quantities acquired and estimate future operating and development costs to arrive at estimates of future net cash flows. For estimated proved reserves, the future net cash flows are discounted using a market-based weighted average cost of capital rate determined appropriate at the time of the acquisition. The market-based weighted average cost of capital rate is subjected to additional project-specific risking factors. To compensate for the inherent risk of estimating and valuing unproved reserves, when a discounted cash flow model is used, the discounted future net cash flows of probable and possible reserves are reduced by additional risk factors. In some instances, market comparable information of recent transactions is used to estimate fair value of unproved acreage.


	61




	 





	Estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired can have a significant effect on results of operations


	in the future. A higher fair value assigned to a property results in higher DD&A expense, which results in lower net earnings. Fair values are based on estimates of future commodity prices, reserves quantities, operating expenses and development costs. Th


	is increases the likelihood of impairment if future commodity prices or reserves quantities are lower than those originally used to determine fair value, or if future operating expenses or development costs are higher than those originally used to determin


	e fair value. Impairment would have no effect on cash flows but would result in a decrease in net income for the period in which the impairment is recorded.



	Asset Retirement Obligations


	Our asset retirement obligations (“ARO”) consist of estimated future costs associated with the plugging and abandonment of oil, natural gas and NGL wells, removal of equipment and facilities from leased acreage and land restoration in accordance with applicable local, state and federal laws. The fair value of an ARO liability is required to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred, with the associated asset retirement cost capitalized as part of the carrying cost of the oil and gas asset. The recognition of an ARO requires that management make numerous assumptions regarding such factors as the estimated probabilities, amounts and timing of settlements; the credit-adjusted risk-free discount rate to be used; inflation rates; and future advances in technology. In periods subsequent to the initial measurement of the ARO, we must recognize period-to-period changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time and revisions to either the timing or the amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows. Increases in the ARO liability due to the passage of time, are recorded as accretion expense, which is a component of DD&A. The related capitalized cost, including revisions thereto, is charged to expense through DD&A over the life of the oil and gas property.


	Revenue Recognition


	Revenues from the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs are recognized when the product is delivered at a fixed or determinable price, title has transferred, and collectability is reasonably assured and evidenced by a contract. We recognize revenues from the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs using the sales method of accounting, whereby revenue is recorded based on our share of volume sold, regardless of whether we have taken our proportional share of volume produced. These differences result in gas imbalances. We record a liability to the extent there are not sufficient reserves to cover an over delivered gas imbalance. No receivables are recorded for those wells on which the Company has taken less than its proportionate share of production. We receive payment approximately one month after delivery for operated wells and up to three months after delivery for non-operated wells. At the end of each month, we estimate the amount of production delivered to purchasers and the price we will receive. Variances between our estimates and the actual amounts received are recorded in the month payment is received. A 10% change in our December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 revenue accrual would have impacted total operating revenues by approximately $1.7 million, $1.2 million and $0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.


	Incentive Units


	The governing documents of WHR II provided for the issuance of incentive units. WHR II granted incentive units to certain of its members who were key employees at the time of grant. Holders of incentive units would have been entitled to distributions ranging from 20% to 40% when declared, but only after cumulative distribution thresholds (payouts) had been achieved. Payouts were generally triggered after the recovery of specified members’ capital contributions plus a rate of return. The incentive units were being accounted for as liability-classified awards as achievement of the payout conditions required settlement of such awards by transferring cash to the incentive unit holder. Compensation cost was recognized only if the performance condition was probable of being satisfied at each reporting date.

	The payment likelihood related to the WHR II incentive units was not deemed probable


	for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  As such, no compensation expense was recognized by our predecessor.



	In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, the WHR II incentive units were transferred to WildHorse Investment Holdings in exchange for substantially similar incentive units in WildHorse Investment Holdings, which became responsible for making all payments, distributions and settlements relating to the exchanged incentive units. While any such payments, distributions and settlements will not involve any cash payments by us, we will recognize non-cash compensation expense within G&A expenses, which may be material, in the period in which the applicable performance conditions are probable of being satisfied. We will receive a deemed capital contribution with respect to such compensation expense.




	In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings granted certain officers and employees awards of incentive units in WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings. The WildHorse Holdings incentive units, Esquisto Holdings incentive units and Acquisition Co. Holdings incentive units will each vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the applicable date of grant. The incentive units are entitled to a portion of future distributions by each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings in excess of the value of our common stock held by each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings based upon the initial public offering price of such common stock plus a 5% internal rate of return. WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings


	62




	 



	and Acquisition Co. Holdings will be responsible for making all payments, distributions and settlements to


	all award recipients relating to the WildHorse Holdings incentive units, Esquisto Holdings incentive units and Acquisition Co. Holdings incentive units, respectively. While any such payments, distributions and settlements are not expected to involve any c


	ash payment by us, we expect to recognize non-cash compensation expense within G&A expenses, which may be material, in the period in which the applicable performance conditions are probable of being satisfied. We will receive a deemed capital contribution


	with respect to such compensation expense.



	Vesting of all incentive units is generally dependent upon an explicit service period, a fundamental change as defined in the respective governing document, and achievement of payout. All incentive units not vested are forfeited if an employee is no longer employed. All incentive units will be forfeited if a holder resigns whether the incentive units are vested or not. If the payouts have not yet occurred, then all incentive units, whether or not vested, will be forfeited automatically (unless extended).




	Results of Operations


	The selected financial data of our predecessor was retrospectively recast due to common control considerations. Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests were accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost. As such, the results of operations presented below (i) (a) for the year ended December 31, 2016 and (b) for the period from February 17, 2015 (the inception of common control) to December 31, 2015 have been derived from the combined results attributable to our predecessor and Esquisto for periods prior to our initial public offering and (ii) (a) for the period from January 1, 2015 to February 16, 2015 and (b) for the year ended December 31, 2014 have been derived from the results attributable to our predecessor. Furthermore, the results of operations attributable to Acquisition Co. are reflected in the financial data presented herein beginning on December 19, 2016. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest.


	Factors Affecting the Comparability of the Combined Historical Financial Results


	The comparability of the results of operations among the periods presented is impacted by the following significant transactions:






	 





	•






	combining the financial position and results of operations of Esquisto with the predecessor beginning February 17, 2015;











	 





	•






	public company expenses incurred in connection with our initial public offering and the Corporate Reorganization; and







	 






	 





	•






	Esquisto’s third party acquisition of certain oil and natural gas producing properties, undeveloped acreage and water assets located in the Eagle Ford in July 2015 for a purchase price of $103.0 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments.







	As a result of the factors listed above, the combined historical results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of these results and certain financial data may not be comparable or indicative of future results.


	63




	 





	The table below summarize


	s certain of the results of operations and period-to-period comparisons for the periods indicated.



	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands, except per share data)




	 






	Revenues:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil sales




	 




	$




	75,938




	 




	 




	$




	42,971




	 




	 




	$




	2,780




	 






	Natural gas sales




	 




	 




	43,487




	 




	 




	 




	38,665




	 




	 




	 




	41,694




	 






	NGL sales




	 




	 




	5,786




	 




	 




	 




	4,295




	 




	 




	 




	989




	 






	Other income




	 




	 




	2,131




	 




	 




	 




	404




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total revenues




	 




	 




	127,342




	 




	 




	 




	86,335




	 




	 




	 




	45,463




	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	 




	12,320




	 




	 




	 




	14,053




	 




	 




	 




	9,428




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	 




	6,581




	 




	 




	 




	5,300




	 




	 




	 




	3,953




	 






	Gathering system operating expense




	 




	 




	99




	 




	 




	 




	914




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	 




	6,814




	 




	 




	 




	5,510




	 




	 




	 




	2,584




	 






	Cost of oil sales




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	687




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,757




	 




	 




	 




	56,244




	 




	 




	 




	15,297




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	General and administrative expenses




	 




	 




	23,973




	 




	 




	 




	15,903




	 




	 




	 




	5,838




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	12,026




	 




	 




	 




	18,299




	 




	 




	 




	1,597




	 






	Total operating expenses




	 




	 




	143,570




	 




	 




	 




	125,535




	 




	 




	 




	64,105




	 






	Income (loss) from operations




	 




	 




	(16,228




	)




	 




	 




	(39,200




	)




	 




	 




	(18,642




	)






	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense




	 




	 




	(7,834




	)




	 




	 




	(6,943




	)




	 




	 




	(2,680




	)






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	(1,667




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(26,771




	)




	 




	 




	13,854




	 




	 




	 




	6,514




	 






	Other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(151




	)




	 




	 




	(147




	)




	 




	 




	213




	 






	Total other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(36,423




	)




	 




	 




	6,764




	 




	 




	 




	4,047




	 






	Income (loss) before income taxes




	 




	 




	(52,651




	)




	 




	 




	(32,436




	)




	 




	 




	(14,595




	)






	Income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	5,575




	 




	 




	 




	(604




	)




	 




	 




	158




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(47,076




	)




	 




	 




	(33,040




	)




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to previous owners




	 




	 




	(2,681




	)




	 




	 




	(3,085




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) allocated to predecessor




	 




	 




	(33,998




	)




	 




	 




	(29,955




	)




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	(10,397




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) per common share:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	 




	91,327




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Oil and natural gas revenue:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas




	 




	$




	43,487




	 




	 




	$




	38,665




	 




	 




	$




	41,694




	 






	Crude oil




	 




	 




	75,938




	 




	 




	 




	42,971




	 




	 




	 




	2,780




	 






	Natural gas liquids




	 




	 




	5,786




	 




	 




	 




	4,295




	 




	 




	 




	989




	 






	Total oil and natural gas revenue




	 




	$




	125,211




	 




	 




	$




	85,931




	 




	 




	$




	45,463




	 






	Production volumes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (MMcf)




	 




	 




	17,820




	 




	 




	 




	14,847




	 




	 




	 




	9,388




	 






	Oil (MBbls)




	 




	 




	1,848




	 




	 




	 




	968




	 




	 




	 




	31




	 






	NGLs (MBbls)




	 




	 




	471




	 




	 




	 




	351




	 




	 




	 




	41




	 






	Total (MBoe)




	 




	 




	5,289




	 




	 




	 




	3,794




	 




	 




	 




	1,637




	 






	Average sales price:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (per Mcf)




	 




	$




	2.44




	 




	 




	$




	2.60




	 




	 




	$




	4.44




	 






	Oil (per Bbl)




	 




	$




	41.09




	 




	 




	$




	44.41




	 




	 




	$




	90.55




	 






	NGLs (per Bbl)




	 




	$




	12.28




	 




	 




	$




	12.22




	 




	 




	$




	23.89




	 






	Total (per Boe)




	 




	$




	23.67




	 




	 




	$




	22.65




	 




	 




	$




	27.78




	 






	Average production volumes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (Mcf/d)




	 




	 




	48.7




	 




	 




	 




	40.7




	 




	 




	 




	25.7




	 






	Oil (Bbls/d)




	 




	 




	5.0




	 




	 




	 




	2.7




	 




	 




	 




	0.1




	 






	NGLs (Bbls/d)




	 




	 




	1.3




	 




	 




	 




	1.0




	 




	 




	 




	0.1




	 






	Average net production (Boe/d)




	 




	 




	14.5




	 




	 




	 




	10.4




	 




	 




	 




	4.5




	 






	Average unit costs per Boe:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	$




	2.33




	 




	 




	$




	3.70




	 




	 




	$




	5.76




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	$




	1.24




	 




	 




	$




	1.40




	 




	 




	$




	2.42




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	$




	1.29




	 




	 




	$




	1.45




	 




	 




	$




	1.58




	 






	General and administrative expenses




	 




	$




	4.53




	 




	 




	$




	4.19




	 




	 




	$




	3.57




	 






	Depletion, depreciation and amortization




	 




	$




	15.46




	 




	 




	$




	14.82




	 




	 




	$




	9.35




	 







	 


	64




	 





	Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015







	 





	•






	Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues were $125.2 million for 2016 compared to $85.9 million for 2015, an increase of $39.3 million (approximately 46%). Production increased 1.5 MMBoe (approximately 40%) primarily due to increased production from drilling successful wells in the Eagle Ford. The average realized sales price increased $1.02 per Boe (approximately 5%) due to a higher percentage of oil in the production mix. A favorable oil production variance contributed to a $39.1 million increase in oil revenues offset by a $6.1 million decrease due to an unfavorable pricing variance.











	 





	•






	LOE was $12.3 million and $14.1 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 


	The decrease primarily is due to operational efficiencies, lower workover expense and lower service costs associated with industry-wide service cost decreases.  On a per Boe basis, LOE was $2.33 and $3.70 for 2016 and 2015, respectively.    The decrease was due to lower LOE and certain items, such as direct labor and materials and supplies, generally remaining relatively fixed across broad production volume ranges.











	 





	•






	GP&T expenses were $6.6 million and $5.3 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The 24% increase in GP&T expenses is primarily attributable to an increase in production.  On a per Boe basis, GP&T expenses were $1.24 and $1.40 for 2016 and 2015, respectively.   The decrease is primarily due to an increase in production from drilling successful wells. 











	 





	•






	Taxes other than income tax were $6.8 million and $5.5 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The $1.3 million increase (approximately 24%) was primarily due to an increase in revenues associated with our oil and natural gas properties.  On a per Boe basis, taxes other than income tax were $1.29 and $1.45 for 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The 11% decrease was primarily due to severance tax exemptions on high cost horizontal wells.











	 





	•






	DD&A expense for 2016 was $81.8 million compared to $56.2 million for 2015, a $25.6 million increase primarily due to an increase in production volumes related to drilling activities.  Increased production volumes caused DD&A expense to increase by $22.2 million and the change in the DD&A rate between periods caused DD&A expense to increase by $3.4 million.











	 





	•






	We did not record impairment expense in 2016 compared to $9.3 million for 2015.  The 2015 impairments primarily related to certain non-core properties located in Texas and Louisiana. The estimated future cash flows expected from these properties were compared to their carrying values and determined to be unrecoverable primarily due to declining commodity prices.











	 





	•






	G&A expenses were $24.0 million and $15.9 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Salaries and wages increased by $2.6 million primarily due to the successful completion of our initial public offering.  Reduction in G&A reimbursements of $1.9 million associated with the termination of a management services agreement with a related party in February 2015 also contributed to the period-to-period increase in G&A expenses.  We recorded approximately $1.0 million of initial public offering expenses during 2016.  Esquisto recorded G&A expenses of $7.2 million during 2016 compared to $5.0 million from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015.  During the year ended December 31, 2016, Esquisto accrued $4.0 million, as G&A expenses payable to its members compared to $3.6 million during the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015. Esquisto paid Petromax Operating Company, Inc. (“Petromax”), who was the operator of the majority of Esquisto’s wells, $1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 and $0.9 million during the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015 for overhead charges on drilling and producing wells at market rates as set forth in joint operating agreements and in accordance with an operating agreement between Petromax and Esquisto.  Esquisto also recorded $0.6 million of expenses related to our initial public offering during 2016. 











	 





	•






	Exploration expense was $12.0 million and $18.3 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 


	The $6.3 million reduction in exploration expense was primarily due to a reduction in exploration dry hole costs of $7.2 million, a reduction in seismic acquisitions of $4.2 million, offset by $6.8 million in expenses associated with the early termination of a rig contract, which was laid down in March 2016 due to low commodity prices.











	 





	•






	Interest expense was $7.8 million and $6.9 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase was due to an increase in the average debt outstanding. Interest is comprised of interest on our credit facilities and amortization of debt issue costs.











	 





	•






	Debt extinguishment costs were $1.7 million in 2016 due to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the WHR II and Esquisto credit facilities that were terminated in connection with our initial public offering, Esquisto also retired and terminated their revolving credit facility and second lien in January 2016 in connection with the merger of Esquisto I and Esquisto II. There were no debt extinguishment costs in 2015.











	 





	•






	Net losses on commodity derivatives of $26.8 million were recognized during 2016, of which $4.5 million was a realized gain and $31.3 million was an unrealized loss. During 2015, we recognized a $13.9 million gain on derivative instruments, of which $12.0 million was a realized gain and a $1.9 million was unrealized gain.











	 





	•








	Income tax benefit of $5.6 million was recognized in 2016 in comparison to income tax expense of a $0.6 million in 2015. The period-to-period decrease was primarily a result of being a corporation subject to federal and state income tax subsequent to our initial public offering. The effective tax rate for 2016 differed from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due







	65




	 






	 







	the impact of pass-through entities and state income tax. The effe


	ctive tax rate for 2015 differed from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due the impact of pass-through entities and state income tax.







	Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2014






	 





	•






	Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues were $85.9 million for 2015 compared to $45.5 million for 2014, an increase of $40.4 million (approximately 88%). Production increased 2.2 MMBoe (approximately 132%) primarily due to combining the results of operations of Esquisto with our predecessor beginning February 17, 2015, third party acquisitions, and drilling activity. Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues attributable to Esquisto were $45.4 million from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015. The average realized sales price decreased $5.13 per Boe (approximately 19%) due to lower commodity prices. The favorable production variance contributed to an approximate $59.8 million increase in revenues and was offset by $19.4 million decrease due to the unfavorable pricing variances.











	 





	•






	LOE was $14.1 million and $9.4 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The increase is primarily due to LOE associated with Esquisto’s July 2015 acquisition and increased water disposal charges related to our new wells.  On a per Boe basis, LOE was $3.70 and $5.76 for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The decrease was primarily due to certain items, such as direct labor and materials and supplies, generally remaining relatively fixed across broad production volume ranges.











	 





	•






	GP&T expenses were $5.3 million and $4.0 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The 33% increase was primarily due to an increase in production due to acquisitions and our drilling activities.  On a per Boe basis, GP&T expenses were $1.40 and $2.41 for 2015 and 2016, respectively.  The decrease is primarily due to an increase in production from acquisitions and drilling successful wells. 











	 





	•






	Taxes other than income tax were $5.5 million and $2.6 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The $2.9 million increase (approximately 113%) is primarily due to an increase in revenues associated with our oil and natural gas properties. On a per Boe basis, taxes other than income tax were $1.45 and $1.58 for 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The 8% decrease was primarily due to severance tax exemptions on high cost horizontal wells.











	 





	•






	DD&A expense for 2015 was $56.2 million compared to $15.3 million for 2014, a $40.9 million increase primarily due to combining the results of operations of Esquisto with our predecessor beginning February 17, 2015, increase in production volumes related to acquisitions, and drilling activities.  DD&A expense attributable to Esquisto was $30.7 million from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015.  Increased production volumes caused DD&A expense to increase by approximately $20.1 million and the change in the DD&A rate between periods caused DD&A expense to increase by approximately $20.8 million.











	 





	•






	Impairment expense for 2015 was $9.3 million compared to $24.7 million for 2014.  We impaired certain non-core properties in Texas and Louisiana. The estimated future cash flows expected from these properties were compared to their carrying values and determined to be unrecoverable primarily due to a decline in prices.











	 





	•






	G&A expenses were $15.9 million and $5.8 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. There was a reduction in G&A reimbursements of $4.3 million associated with the termination of a management services agreement with a related party in February 2015, a $1.2 million increase in salaries and wages, and a $0.7 million increase in rent expense.  These increases were largely offset by a $2.1 million decrease in shared G&A costs billed to WHR II from an affiliate and $1.2 million decrease in acquisition related costs. Esquisto recorded G&A expenses of $5.0 million from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015.  During this same period, Esquisto accrued $3.6 million, as G&A expenses payable to its members and paid Petromax $0.9 million for overhead charges on drilling and producing wells at market rates as set forth in joint operating agreements and in accordance with an operating agreement between Petromax and Esquisto. 











	 





	•






	Exploration expense was $18.3 million and $1.6 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively.


	 


	Exploration expense for 2015 included $7.1 million of costs associated with drilling a dry well, $4.2 million of seismic surveying costs, $1.5 million of state lease delay rentals and a $4.5 million impairment of our unproved leasehold costs.











	 





	•






	Interest expense was $6.9 million and $2.7 million for 2015 and 2016, respectively.  The increase was due to an increase in the average debt outstanding.











	 





	•






	Net gains on commodity derivatives of $13.9 million were recognized during 2015, of which $12.0 million was a realized gain in addition to an unrealized gain of $1.9 million. Net gains on commodity derivatives of $6.5 million were recognized during 2014, of which $2.7 million was a realized loss and $9.2 million was an unrealized gain. Net realized and unrealized gains on our derivatives are a function of fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices and the monthly settlement of the instruments.







	66




	 






	 





	•












	Income tax expense of $0.6 million was recognized in 2015 in comparison to income tax benefit of a $0.2 million in 2014. The effective tax rate for both 2015 and 2014 differed from the federal statu


	tory income tax rate primarily due the impact of pass-through entities and state income tax.







	Adjusted EBITDAX


	Adjusted EBITDAX is a supplemental non-GAAP financial performance measure that is used by management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. We include in this Annual Report the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted EBITDAX and provide our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX. Adjusted EBITDAX is not a measure of net (loss) income as determined according to GAAP.


	We define Adjusted EBITDAX as net income (loss):


	Plus:






	 





	•






	Interest expense;











	 





	•






	Income tax expense;











	 





	•






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization (“DD&A”);











	 





	•






	Exploration expense;











	 





	•






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties;











	 





	•






	Loss on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Cash settlements received on expired derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Stock-based compensation;











	 





	•






	Incentive-based compensation expenses;











	 





	•






	Acquisition related costs;











	 





	•






	Debt extinguishment costs;











	 





	•






	Loss on sale of properties;











	 





	•






	Initial public offering costs; and











	 





	•






	Other non-cash and non-routine operating items that we deem appropriate.







	Less:






	 





	•






	Interest income;











	 





	•






	Income tax benefit;











	 





	•






	Gain on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Cash settlements paid on expired commodity derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Gain on sale of properties; and











	 





	•






	Other non-cash and non-routine operating items that we deem appropriate.







	Management believes Adjusted EBITDAX is a useful performance measure because it allows them to more effectively evaluate our operating performance without regard to our financing methods or capital structure. We exclude the items listed above from net (loss) income in arriving at Adjusted EBITDAX because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDAX should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net (loss) income as determined in accordance with GAAP. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDAX are significant components in understanding and assessing a company’s financial performance, such as a company’s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are components of Adjusted EBITDAX. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDAX should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDAX may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.


	67




	 





	The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX to net (loss) income, our most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.



	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Adjusted EBITDAX reconciliation to net (loss) income:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	(47,076




	)




	 




	$




	(33,040




	)




	 




	$




	(14,437




	)






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	7,834




	 




	 




	 




	6,943




	 




	 




	 




	2,680




	 






	Income tax (benefit) expense




	 




	 




	(5,575




	)




	 




	 




	604




	 




	 




	 




	(158




	)






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,757




	 




	 




	 




	56,244




	 




	 




	 




	15,297




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	12,026




	 




	 




	 




	18,299




	 




	 




	 




	1,597




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	26,771




	 




	 




	 




	(13,854




	)




	 




	 




	(6,514




	)






	Cash settlements received (paid) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	4,975




	 




	 




	 




	11,517




	 




	 




	 




	(2,712




	)






	Stock-based compensation




	 




	 




	68




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Acquisition related costs




	 




	 




	553




	 




	 




	 




	593




	 




	 




	 




	1,450




	 






	(Gain) loss on sale of properties




	 




	 




	43




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	1,667




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Initial public offering costs




	 




	 




	1,560




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Non-cash liability amortization




	 




	 




	(286




	)




	 




	 




	(760




	)




	 




	 




	(647




	)






	Total Adjusted EBITDAX




	 




	$




	84,317




	 




	 




	$




	55,858




	 




	 




	$




	21,277




	 










	Liquidity and Capital Resources


	Our development and acquisition activities require us to make significant operating and capital expenditures. Our primary use of capital has been the acquisition and development of oil, natural gas and NGL properties and facilities. As we pursue reserve and production growth, we plan to monitor which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to us to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements.  Historically, WHR II’s and Esquisto’s primary sources of liquidity were capital contributions from their former owners, borrowings under their respective revolving credit facilities and second lien loans and cash generated by their operations.


	Our future success in growing proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. Our 2016 capital expenditures were $595.2 million, of which $581.8 million was allocated to Eagle Ford locations and $13.4 million to North Louisiana.


	Based on our current oil and natural gas price expectations, we believe our cash flows provided by operating activities and availability under our revolving credit facility will provide us with the financial flexibility and wherewithal to meet our cash requirements, including normal operating needs, and pursue our currently planned 2017 development drilling activities. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of our oil and natural gas production and the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas production, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties and acquire additional properties. We cannot assure you that operations and other needed capital will be available on acceptable terms, or at all.


	As of December 31, 2016, we had $3.1 million of cash and cash equivalents and $207.3 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2016, we had a working capital deficit balance of $27.4 million, which includes a net liability balance of $14.0 million associated with our derivative instruments. As of December 31, 2016, the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility was $450.0 million and we had $242.8 million of outstanding borrowings. In connection with the February 2017 issuance of our 2025 Senior Notes, our borrowing base was automatically reduced to $362.5 million.  The borrowing base under our revolving credit facility is subject to redetermination on at least a semi-annual basis based on an engineering report with respect to our estimated oil and natural gas reserves, which will take into account the prevailing oil and natural gas prices at such time, as adjusted for the impact of our commodity derivative contracts. Unanimous approval by the lenders is required for any increase to the borrowing base. The next borrowing base redetermination is scheduled for April 2017. A continuing decline in oil and natural gas prices could result in a reduction of our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility and could trigger mandatory principal repayments.


	 


	68




	 





	Capital Expenditure Budget



	Our 2017 drilling and completion capital expenditure budget is $450.0 million to $600.0 million, from which we expect to drill 90 to 110 gross wells and complete 80 to 100 gross wells across our acreage. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with cash generated by operations, cash on hand, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from our 2025 Senior Notes offering. The amount, timing and allocation of capital expenditures is largely discretionary and within our control, and our 2017 capital budget may be adjusted as business conditions warrant. Please see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our development projects and acquisitions require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.”  Commodity prices declined significantly since June 2014 and have remained low thus far in 2017. If oil or natural gas prices remain at current levels or decline to levels below our acceptable levels, or costs increase to levels above our acceptable levels, we could choose to defer a significant portion of our budgeted capital expenditures until later periods to achieve the desired balance between sources and uses of liquidity and prioritize capital projects that we believe will have the highest expected rates of return and potential to generate near-term cash flow. We routinely monitor and adjust our capital expenditures in response to changes in commodity prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, success or lack of success in drilling activities, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. Any reduction in our capital expenditure budget could have the effect of delaying or limiting our development program, which would negatively impact our ability to grow production and could materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.


	We intend to fund our 2017 capital expenditures and our cash requirements, including normal cash operating needs, debt service obligations and commitments and contingencies through December 31, 2017, with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, our operating cash flow, cash on hand and 2025 Senior Notes. However, to the extent that we consider market conditions favorable, we may access the capital markets to raise capital from time to time to fund acquisitions, pay down our revolving credit facility balance and for general working capital purposes.


	We plan to continue our practice of entering into hedging arrangements to reduce the impact of commodity price volatility on our cash flow from operations. Under this strategy, we expect to maintain an active hedging program that seeks to reduce our exposure to commodity prices and protect our cash flow.


	Debt Agreements


	Revolving Credit Facility.

	Concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering, we, as borrower, and certain of our current and future subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a five-year, $1.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility with an initial borrowing base of $450.0 million, which was reduced to $362.5 million in connection with the consummation of our 2025 Senior Notes offering in February 2017.



	Our revolving credit facility is reserve-based, and thus our borrowing base is primarily based on the estimated value of our oil, NGL and natural gas properties and our commodity derivative contracts as determined by our lenders in their sole discretion consistent with their normal and customary oil and gas lending practices semi-annually, from time to time at our election in connection with material acquisitions, or no more frequently than twice in any fiscal year at the request of the Required Lenders or us, in each case based on engineering reports with respect to our estimated oil, NGL and natural gas reserves, and our commodity derivative contracts. Unanimous approval by the lenders is required for any increase to the borrowing base pursuant to a Redetermination, while only Required Lender approval is required to maintain or decrease the borrowing base pursuant to a Redetermination. The borrowing base will also automatically decrease upon the issuance of certain debt, including the issuance of senior notes, the sale or other disposition of certain assets and the early termination of certain swap agreements. In the future, we may be unable to access sufficient capital under our revolving credit facility as a result of (i) a decrease in our borrowing base due to a borrowing base redetermination or (ii) an unwillingness or inability on the part of our lenders to meet their funding obligations. For more information, please see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business—Any significant reduction in our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility as a result of the periodic borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations.”


	A decline in commodity prices could result in a redetermination that lowers our borrowing base and, in such case, we could be required to repay any indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we could be required to pledge other oil and natural gas properties as additional collateral. If a redetermination of our borrowing base results in our borrowing base being less than our aggregate elected commitments, our aggregate elected commitments will be automatically reduced to the amount of such reduced borrowing base. We do not anticipate having any substantial unpledged properties, and we may not have the financial resources in the future to make any mandatory principal prepayments required under our revolving credit facility.




	Borrowings under our revolving credit facility are secured by liens on substantially all of our properties, but in any event, not less than 85% (or 75% with respect to certain properties prior to February 2, 2017) of the total value, as determined by the administrative agent, of the proved reserves attributable to our oil and natural gas properties using a discount rate of 9%, all of our


	69




	 



	equity interests in any future guarantor subsidiaries and all of our other assets including personal property but excluding equity interests in and assets of unrestricted subsidiaries.



	Additionally, borrowings under our revolving credit facility will bear interest, at our option, at either the greatest of (x) the prime rate as determined by the administrative agent, (y) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and (z) the adjusted LIBOR for a one month interest period plus 1.0%, in each case, plus a margin that varies from 1.25% to 2.25% per annum according to the total commitments usage (which is the ratio of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit to the least of the total commitments, the borrowing base and the aggregate elected commitments then in effect), (ii) the adjusted LIBOR plus a margin that varies from 2.25% to 3.25% per annum according to the total commitment usage or (iii) the applicable LIBOR market index rate plus a margin that varies from 2.25% to 3.25% per annum according to the total commitment usage. The unused portion of the total commitments are subject to a commitment fee that varies from 0.375% to 0.50% per annum according to our total commitments usage.


	Our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain (x) a ratio of total debt to EBITDAX (as defined under our revolving credit facility) of not more than 4.00 to 1.00 and (y) a ratio of current assets (including availability under the facility) to current liabilities of not less than 1.00 to 1.00.


	Additionally, our revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt, guarantees or liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; make certain investments, acquisitions or other restricted payments; modify certain material agreements; engage in certain types of transactions with affiliates; dispose of assets; incur commodity hedges exceeding a certain percentage of our production; and prepay certain indebtedness.


	Events of default under our revolving credit facility will include, but are not be limited to, failure to make payments when due, breach of any covenant continuing beyond any applicable cure period, default under any other material debt, change of control, bankruptcy or other insolvency event and certain material adverse effects on our business.


	If we fail to perform our obligations under these and other covenants, the revolving credit commitments may be terminated and any outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility, together with accrued interest, fees and other obligations under the credit agreement, could be declared immediately due and payable.


	WHR II Revolving Credit Facility.

	We repaid and terminated WHR II’s prior revolving credit facility in connection with the completion of our initial public offering.



	Esquisto Revolving Credit Facility.

	We repaid and terminated Esquisto’s prior revolving credit facility in connection with the completion of our initial public offering.



	Esquisto Terminated Revolving Credit Facility and Second Lien Loan.

	Esquisto retired and terminated a prior revolving credit facility and second lien loan in January 2016 in connection with the merger of Esquisto I and Esquisto II.



	See Note 9 under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information regarding our revolving credit facility.


	2025 Senior Notes


	In February 2017, we completed a private placement of the 2025 Senior Notes.  The 2025 Senior Notes, issued at 99.244% of par, mature on February 1, 2025 and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of our existing and certain future subsidiaries (subject to customary release provisions).  The 2025 Senior Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of February 1, 2017.  The 2025 Senior Notes accrue interest at 6.875% per annum and payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year.  We used the net proceeds of that offering to repay the borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, including funding our 2017 capital expenditures.


	See Note 9 under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information regarding the 2025 Senior Notes.


	70




	 





	Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities



	The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. Our predecessor’s cash flows were retrospectively revised due to common control considerations.  As such, the cash flows for 2016, 2015 and 2014 have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to the predecessor for periods prior to our initial public offering and for the previous owner for periods from the inception of common control (February 17, 2015) through our initial public offering. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries.  Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. Holdings were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests was accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost.


	For information regarding the individual components of our cash flow amounts, see the Statements of Consolidated and Combined Cash Flows included under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” contained herein.


	 








	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	 




	 




	(in thousands)




	 






	Net cash provided by operating activities




	 




	$




	22,262




	 




	 




	$




	50,096




	 




	 




	$




	25,660




	 






	Net cash used in investing activities




	 




	$




	(567,545




	)




	 




	$




	(443,639




	)




	 




	$




	(128,967




	)






	Net cash provided by financing activities




	 




	$




	505,272




	 




	 




	$




	424,481




	 




	 




	$




	114,589




	 







	Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015


	Operating Activities.

	Net cash provided by operating activities was $22.3 million for 2016, compared to $50.1 million of net cash provided by operating activities for 2015. Production increased 1.5 MMBoe (approximately 40%) and average realized sales prices increased to $23.67 per Boe for 2016 compared to $22.65 per Boe during 2015 as previously discussed above under “Results of Operations.” Higher G&A expenses also contributed to the period-to-period decrease in net cash provided by operating activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities included $4.9 million of cash receipts on derivative instruments during 2016 compared to $11.5 million during 2015.  There was a $50.7 million decrease in cash flow attributable to the timing of cash receipts and disbursements related to operating activities during 2016 compared to 2015.  



	Investing Activities.

	During 2016 and 2015, cash flows used in investing activities were $567.5 million and $443.6 million, respectively. Acquisitions of oil and gas properties were $436.1 million during 2016. We closed the Burleson North Acquisition in December 2016 for $389.8 million.  Acquisitions of oil and gas properties were $165.8 million during 2015. In July 2015, Esquisto acquired oil and natural gas producing properties, undeveloped acreage and water assets for a total purchase price of $103.0 million. Additions to oil and gas properties were $125.8 million during 2016, of which $107.5 million was attributable to Esquisto’s drilling and completion activities in the Eagle Ford.  Additions to oil and gas properties were $253.9 million during 2015, of which $130.0 million was attributable to Esquisto’s drilling and completion activities in the Eagle Ford and $123.9 million was attributable to our predecessor’s drilling and completion activities in North Louisiana.



	Financing Activities.

	Net cash provided by financing activities during 2016 of $505.3 million was primarily attributable to $394.1 million in net proceeds from our initial public offering and capital contributions of $13.3 million and $97.0 million, respectively, from our predecessor and previous owner prior to our initial public offering. Net borrowings under our revolving credit facilities were $4.8 million during 2016.  Amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facility were primarily incurred to repay the amounts outstanding under our predecessor and previous owner credit facilities in connection with the closing of our initial public offering. Amounts borrowed under our predecessor and previous owner credit facilities were primarily used for additions to oil and natural gas properties and working capital.  Debt issuance costs were $3.6 million.  



	Net cash provided by financing activities of $424.5 million during 2015 was primarily attributable to capital contributions of $125.1 million and $208.4 million from our predecessor and previous owner, respectively.  Net borrowings under our revolving credit facilities were $89.9 million during 2015. Amounts borrowed under our predecessor and previous owner credit facilities were primarily used for additions to oil and natural gas properties and working capital. Debt issuance costs were $0.9 million.  


	Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2014


	Operating Activities.

	Net cash provided by operating activities was $50.1 million for 2015, compared to $25.7 million of net cash provided by operating activities for 2014. The change in operating cash flow was primarily the result of the significant decrease in commodity prices and higher G&A expense, largely offset by higher realized hedging gains, higher production and changes in working capital.  Average realized sales prices decreased to $22.65 per Boe for 2015 compared to $27.78 per Boe during 2014 while production increased 2.2 MMBoe, or 132%, over the same time period as a result of acquisitions during 2015.



	71




	 





	Investing Activities.


	During 2015 and 2014, cash flows used in investing activities were $443.6 million and $129.0 million, respectively. The increase for 2015 compared to the prior year is primarily due to $419.8


	million in acquisitions and additions for 2015 compared to $128.7 million in additions for 2014.



	Financing Activities.

	Net cash provided by financing activities of $424.5 million during 2015 was primarily attributable to capital contributions of $125.1 million and $208.4 million from our predecessor and previous owner, respectively.  Net borrowings under our revolving credit facilities were $89.9 million during 2015. Amounts borrowed under our predecessor and previous owner credit facilities were primarily used for additions to oil and natural gas properties and working capital. Net cash provided by financing activities of $114.6 million during 2014 was primarily attributable to capital contributions of $97.5 million from our predecessor and net borrowings from WHR II’s revolving credit facility.





	Contractual Obligations


	In the table below, we set forth our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2016.  The contractual obligations we will actually pay in future periods may vary from those reflected in the table because the estimates and assumptions used in creating the table are subjective.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Payment or Settlement due by Period




	 






	Contractual Obligation




	 




	Total




	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2018-2019




	 




	 




	2020-2021




	 




	 




	Thereafter




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(In thousands)




	 






	Revolving credit facility (1)




	 




	$




	242,750




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	242,750




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Estimated interest payments (2)




	 




	 




	42,464




	 




	 




	 




	8,545




	 




	 




	 




	17,090




	 




	 




	 




	16,829




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Office lease




	 




	 




	5,630




	 




	 




	 




	1,235




	 




	 




	 




	2,541




	 




	 




	 




	1,854




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Gas transportation agreement (3)




	 




	 




	9,528




	 




	 




	 




	4,380




	 




	 




	 




	5,148




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Compressor and equipment (4)




	 




	 




	1,599




	 




	 




	 




	1,599




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Right-of-way




	 




	 




	2,000




	 




	 




	 




	40




	 




	 




	 




	80




	 




	 




	 




	80




	 




	 




	 




	1,800




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	303,971




	 




	 




	$




	15,799




	 




	 




	$




	24,859




	 




	 




	$




	261,513




	 




	 




	$




	1,800




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	As of December 31, 2016, we had $242.8 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility.  This amount represents the scheduled future maturities of the principal amount outstanding. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report for information regarding our revolving credit facility.










	 





	(2)





	Estimated interest payments are based on the principal amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility at December 31, 2016.  In calculating these amounts, we applied the weighted-average interest rate during 2016 associated with such debt. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report for the weighted-average variable interest rate charged during 2016 under our revolving credit facility.










	 





	(3)





	We were assigned a firm gas transportation service agreement with RIGS as a result of our predecessor’s property acquisition on August 8, 2013. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay total daily transportation fees not to exceed $0.30 per MMBtu per day for quantities of 40,000 MMBtu per day until March 5, 2019.










	 





	(4)





	Represents compressor rentals which are on month-to-month terms without any significant long-term contracts.






	Off–Balance Sheet Arrangements


	As of December 31, 2016, we had no off–balance sheet arrangements.


	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements


	For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see Note 2 under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	72






	 











	ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT


	IVE DISCLOSUR


	ES ABOUT MARKET RISK



	We are exposed to market risk, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term “market risk” refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil, natural gas and NGL prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than speculative trading.


	Commodity Price Risk


	Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs production. Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future.


	During the period from January 1, 2014 through January 1, 2017, the WTI spot price for oil has declined from a high of $107.95 per Bbl on June 20, 2014 to $26.19 per Bbl on February 11, 2016, and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas has declined from a high of $8.15 per MMBtu on February 10, 2014 to a low of $1.49 per MMBtu on March 4, 2016. The prices we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs production depend on numerous factors beyond our control, some of which are discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Oil, natural gas and NGL prices are volatile. A sustained decline in oil, natural gas and NGL prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments.”


	Due to this volatility, we have historically used, and we expect to continue to use, commodity derivative instruments, such as collars, puts and swaps, to hedge price risk associated with a portion of our anticipated production. Our hedging instruments allow us to reduce, but not eliminate, the potential effects of the variability in cash flow from operations due to fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices and provide increased certainty of cash flows for our drilling program and debt service requirements. These instruments provide only partial price protection against declines in oil and natural gas prices and may partially limit our potential gains from future increases in prices. Our revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions which, among other things, limit our ability to enter into commodity price hedges exceeding a certain percentage of production.


	Swaps.

	In a typical commodity swap agreement, we receive the difference between a fixed price per unit of production and a price based on an agreed upon published third-party index, if the index price is lower than the fixed price we receive the difference. If the index price is higher, we pay the difference. By entering into swap agreements, we effectively fix the price that we will receive in the future for the hedged production.  Our swaps are settled in cash on a monthly basis as each month is due.



	Collars.

	In a typical collar arrangement, we receive the excess, if any, of the contract floor price over the reference price, based on NYMEX or regional quoted prices, and pay the excess, if any, of the reference price over the contract ceiling price. Collars are typically exercised in cash on a monthly basis only when the reference price is outside of floor and ceiling prices (the collar), otherwise they expire.



	Put options.

	  In a typical put option, we receive the difference between the agreed upon strike price of the option and the price of the underlying commodity if market prices decline below the strike price.  When put options are settled we would receive the difference between the strike price and market price less any deferred premiums associated with the put option contract.  If commodity markets rise above the strike price, any losses incurred are limited to the deferred premium amount associated with the put option.  Put options typically settle in cash on a monthly basis, otherwise they expire.



	73




	 





	The following table summarizes our derivative contracts as of December 31, 2016 and the average prices at which the production will be


	hedged:



	 








	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 






	Natural Gas Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	9,029,600




	 




	 




	 




	11,565,800




	 




	 




	 




	9,877,900




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	3.15




	 




	 




	$




	3.03




	 




	 




	$




	2.81




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	5,520,000




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	3.36




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	1,068,350




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.40




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(0.35




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Crude Oil Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	2,146,300




	 




	 




	 




	1,638,500




	 




	 




	 




	1,381,300




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	52.90




	 




	 




	$




	53.68




	 




	 




	$




	54.92




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	60,784




	 




	 




	 




	25,096




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	636,400




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	55.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(4.76




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	Interest Rate Risk


	At December 31, 2016, we had $242.8 million of debt outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.52%. Interest was calculated under the terms of our revolving credit facility based on choosing from two interest rates: (i) the Eurodollar rate, which is based on London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), plus an additional margin, based on the percentage of the borrowing base being utilized, ranging from 1.50% to 2.50%; and (ii) the Alternate Base Rate, which is based on the highest of (a) the U.S. Prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect plus 1/2 of 1% and (c) Adjusted LIBOR plus 1%, plus an additional margin, based on the percentage of the borrowing base being utilized, ranging from 0.50% to 1.50%. From the inception of the credit agreement, predominately all our debt outstanding was in the form of Eurodollar borrowings based on the Eurodollar rate.


	Assuming no change in the amount outstanding, the impact on interest expense of a 1% increase or decrease in the assumed weighted average interest rate would be approximately $2.4 million per year. We do not currently have any derivative arrangements to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to our outstanding indebtedness but may enter into such derivative arrangements in the future. To the extent we enter into any such interest rate derivative arrangement, we would subject to risk for financial loss. For more information, please see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Our derivative activities could result in financial losses or could reduce our earnings.”


	Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk


	Our derivative contracts expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. While we do not require counterparties to our derivative contracts to post collateral, we do evaluate the credit standing of such counterparties as we deem appropriate. The counterparties to our derivative contracts currently in place have investment grade ratings.


	74




	 





	Our principal exposures to credit risk are through receivables resulting from joint interest receivables and receivables from the sale of our oil and natural gas production


	due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers. The inability or failure of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial


	results. However, we believe the credit quality of our customers is high.



	By using derivative instruments that are not traded on an exchange to hedge exposures to changes in commodity prices, we expose ourselves to the credit risk of our counterparties. Credit risk is the potential failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the contract. When the fair value of a contract is positive, the counterparty is expected to owe us, which creates the credit risk. To minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments, it is our policy to enter into contracts only with counterparties that are creditworthy financial institutions deemed by management as competent and competitive market-makers. The creditworthiness of our counterparties is subject to periodic review. As of December 31, 2016, our derivative contracts were with major financial institutions, all of which were also lenders under our revolving credit facility. While collateral is generally not required to be posted by counterparties, credit risk associated with these instruments is minimized by limiting exposure to any single counterparty and entering into derivative instruments only with creditworthy counterparties that are generally large financial institutions. Additionally, master netting agreements are used to mitigate risk of loss due to default with counterparties on derivative instruments. We have also entered into the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreements (“ISDA Agreements”) with each of our counterparties. The terms of the ISDA Agreements provide us and each of our counterparties with rights of set-off upon the occurrence of defined acts of default by either us or our counterparty to a derivative, whereby the party not in default may set-off all liabilities owed to the defaulting party against all net derivative asset receivables from the defaulting party. At December 31, 2016, we had net derivative liabilities of $22.2 million. As such, had certain counterparties failed completely to perform according to the terms of their existing contracts, we would not have been able to exercise our right to offset against amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility at December 31, 2016 since we were not in a net asset position. See Note 9 under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information regarding our revolving credit facility.


	We are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our natural gas and oil receivables with several significant customers. We do not require our customers to post collateral, and the inability of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results.


	Joint operations receivables arise from billings to entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. These entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we intend to drill. We have little ability to control whether these entities will participate in our wells.







	ITEM


	8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


	Our Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm begin on page F-1 of this annual report.







	ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS W


	ITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


	None.









	ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.


	As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon the evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	75




	 





	Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting



	This Annual Report is not required to include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to both a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies and our status as an emerging growth company.  See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Common Stock,” for additional information regarding our emerging growth company status.


	Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting


	No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.









	ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION


	None.


	76






	 











	PART


	III









	ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


	See “Directors,” “Corporate Governance Matters,” “Executive Officers,” “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Proxy Statement”) to be held May 18, 2017, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.


	The Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (collectively, the “Code of Ethics”) can be found on the Company’s website located at http://www.wildhorserd.com. Any stockholder may request a printed copy of the Code of Ethics by submitting a written request to the Company’s Corporate Secretary. If the Company amends the Code of Ethics or grants a waiver, including an implicit waiver, from the Code of Ethics, the Company will disclose the information on its website. The waiver information will remain on the website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure of such waiver.









	ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


	See “Directors,” “Corporate Governance Matters,” “Director Compensation in 2016” and “Executive Compensation” in the Proxy Statement, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.







	ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF C


	ERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


	See “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in the Proxy Statement and “Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans” under Item 5 of this Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.









	ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


	See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.









	ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES


	See “Proposal 2—Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.


	77






	 







	SIGNATURES



	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 




	 




	 




	 




	(Registrant)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Date:




	 




	March 31, 2017




	 




	By:




	 




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Name:




	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Title:




	 




	Executive Vice President and


	Chief Financial Officer






	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.


	 






	Name




	 




	Title (Position with WildHorse Resource Development Corporation)




	 




	Date






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Jay C. Graham




	 




	Chief Executive Officer and Chairman




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Jay C. Graham




	 




	(Principal Executive Officer)




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Anthony Bahr




	 




	President and Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Anthony Bahr




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby




	 




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Andrew J. Cozby




	 




	(Principal Financial Officer)




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Terence Lynch




	 




	Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Terence Lynch




	 




	(Principal Accounting Officer)




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Richard D. Brannon




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Richard D. Brannon




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Jonathan M. Clarkson




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Jonathan M. Clarkson




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Scott A. Gieselman




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Scott A. Gieselman




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ David W. Hayes




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	David W. Hayes




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Grant E. Sims




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Grant E. Sims




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	/s/ Tony R. Weber




	 




	Director




	 




	March 31, 2017






	Tony R. Weber




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 


	78





	 











	PART


	IV









	ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


	(a)(1)

	Financial Statements



	Our Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements are included under Part II, Item 8 of the annual report. For a listing of these statements and accompanying footnotes, see

	“Index to Financial Statements”

	Page F-1 of this Annual Report.


	(a)(2)

	Financial Statement Schedules



	All schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable, not required or the information called for therein appears in the consolidated and combined financial statements or notes thereto.


	(a)(3)

	Exhibits



	The exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report, and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	79




	 





	ITEM 8.


	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 






	 




	 




	Page No

	.









	Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms






	 




	F –

	2









	Consolidated and Combined Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015






	 




	F –

	4









	Statements of Consolidated and Combined Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014






	 




	F –

	5









	Statements of Consolidated and Combined Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014






	 




	F –

	6









	Statements of Consolidated and Combined Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014






	 




	F –

	7









	Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements






	 




	F –

	8









	Note 1 – Organization and Basis of Presentation






	 




	F –

	8









	Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies






	 




	F –

	9









	Note 3 – Acquisitions and Divestitures






	 




	F –

	15









	Note 4 – Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments






	 




	F –

	17









	Note 5 – Risk Management and Derivative Instruments






	 




	F –

	18









	Note 6 – Accounts Receivable






	 




	F –

	20









	Note 7 – Accrued Liabilities






	 




	F –

	21









	Note 8 – Asset Retirement Obligations






	 




	F –

	21









	Note 9 – Long Term Debt






	 




	F –

	21









	Note 10 – Stockholders’ Equity






	 




	F –

	23









	Note 11 – Earnings Per Share






	 




	F –

	25









	Note 12 – Long Term Incentive Plans






	 




	F –

	25









	Note 13 – Incentive Units






	 




	F –

	25









	Note 14 – Related Party Transactions






	 




	F –

	26









	Note 15 – Segment Disclosures






	 




	F –

	29









	Note 16 – Income Tax






	 




	F -

	30









	Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies






	 




	F -

	31









	Note 18 – Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)






	 




	F -

	32









	Note 19 – Supplemental Oil and Gas Information (Unaudited)






	 




	F -

	33









	Note 20 – Subsequent Events






	 




	F -

	37







	 


	F - 1






	 











	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST


	ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



	The Board of Directors and Stockholders


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation:


	 


	We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016, the consolidated and combined balance sheet of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated and combined statements of operations, cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016. These consolidated and combined financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated and combined financial statements based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of Esquisto Resources II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, for the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015. Esquisto Resources II, LLC’s financial statements reflect total assets constituting 56 percent and total revenues constituting 53 percent in 2015, of the related combined totals. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Esquisto Resources II, LLC for the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, is based solely on the report of the other auditors.


	We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the report of the other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the consolidated and combined financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


	As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated and combined financial statements, the balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, and the related statements of operations, cash flows, and changes in equity for the periods from inception of common control (February 17, 2015) through the initial public offering, have been prepared on a combined basis of accounting.


	/s/ KPMG LLP


	 


	Houston, Texas


	March 31, 2017





	F - 2





	 











	Report of Independent


	Registered Public Accounting Firm





	The Board of Directors and Shareholders of


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	 


	We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Esquisto Resources II, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statement of operations, changes in members’ equity, and cash flows for the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015 (not presented separately herein). These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Esquisto Resources II, LLC and Subsidiaries at December 31, 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


	 


	/s/ Ernst &Young LLP


	 


	Dallas, Texas


	March 28, 2017


	F - 3





	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS


	(In thousands, except outstanding shares)


	 






	 




	 




	December 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	ASSETS




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Current Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents




	 




	$




	3,115




	 




	 




	$




	43,126




	 






	Accounts receivable, net




	 




	 




	26,428




	 




	 




	 




	13,737




	 






	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	7,076




	 






	Prepaid expenses and other current assets




	 




	 




	1,633




	 




	 




	 




	2,830




	 






	Total current assets




	 




	 




	31,176




	 




	 




	 




	66,769




	 






	Property and equipment:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	1,573,848




	 




	 




	 




	983,972




	 






	Other property and equipment




	 




	 




	34,344




	 




	 




	 




	30,609




	 






	Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	(200,293




	)




	 




	 




	(118,943




	)






	Total property and equipment, net




	 




	 




	1,407,899




	 




	 




	 




	895,638




	 






	Other noncurrent assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Restricted cash




	 




	 




	886




	 




	 




	 




	551




	 






	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	2,440




	 






	Debt issuance costs




	 




	 




	2,320




	 




	 




	 




	967




	 






	Total assets




	 




	$




	1,442,281




	 




	 




	$




	966,365




	 






	LIABILITIES AND EQUITY




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Current liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts payable




	 




	$




	21,014




	 




	 




	$




	34,843




	 






	Accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	23,371




	 




	 




	 




	28,782




	 






	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	14,087




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	90




	 




	 




	 




	90




	 






	Total current liabilities




	 




	 




	58,562




	 




	 




	 




	63,715




	 






	Noncurrent liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Long-term debt




	 




	 




	242,750




	 




	 




	 




	237,857




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	10,943




	 




	 




	 




	6,930




	 






	Notes payable to members (Note 14)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	6,438




	 






	Deferred tax liabilities




	 




	 




	112,552




	 




	 




	 




	852




	 






	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	8,091




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Other noncurrent liabilities




	 




	 




	1,495




	 




	 




	 




	1,884




	 






	Total noncurrent liabilities




	 




	 




	375,831




	 




	 




	 




	253,961




	 






	Total liabilities




	 




	 




	434,393




	 




	 




	 




	317,676




	 






	Commitments and contingencies




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Equity:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Stockholders’ equity:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Preferred stock, $0.01 par value: 50,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and


	   outstanding




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Common stock, $0.01 par value 500,000,000 shares authorized; 91,680,441 shares


	   issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	917




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Additional paid-in capital




	 




	 




	1,017,368




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Accumulated earnings (deficit)




	 




	 




	(10,397




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total stockholders’ equity




	 




	 




	1,007,888




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Predecessor




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	274,133




	 






	Previous owner




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	374,556




	 






	Total equity




	 




	 




	1,007,888




	 




	 




	 




	648,689




	 






	Total liabilities and equity




	 




	 




	1,442,281




	 




	 




	 




	966,365




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	F - 4




	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED OPERATIONS


	(In thousands, except per share amounts)


	 






	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Revenues:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil sales




	 




	$




	75,938




	 




	 




	$




	42,971




	 




	 




	$




	2,780




	 






	Natural gas sales




	 




	 




	43,487




	 




	 




	 




	38,665




	 




	 




	 




	41,694




	 






	NGL sales




	 




	 




	5,786




	 




	 




	 




	4,295




	 




	 




	 




	989




	 






	Other income




	 




	 




	2,131




	 




	 




	 




	404




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total operating revenues




	 




	 




	127,342




	 




	 




	 




	86,335




	 




	 




	 




	45,463




	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	 




	12,320




	 




	 




	 




	14,053




	 




	 




	 




	9,428




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	 




	6,581




	 




	 




	 




	5,300




	 




	 




	 




	3,953




	 






	Gathering system operating expense




	 




	 




	99




	 




	 




	 




	914




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	 




	6,814




	 




	 




	 




	5,510




	 




	 




	 




	2,584




	 






	Cost of oil sales




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	687




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,757




	 




	 




	 




	56,244




	 




	 




	 




	15,297




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	General and administrative




	 




	 




	23,973




	 




	 




	 




	15,903




	 




	 




	 




	5,838




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	12,026




	 




	 




	 




	18,299




	 




	 




	 




	1,597




	 






	Total operating expense




	 




	 




	143,570




	 




	 




	 




	125,535




	 




	 




	 




	64,105




	 






	Income (loss) from operations




	 




	 




	(16,228




	)




	 




	 




	(39,200




	)




	 




	 




	(18,642




	)






	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	(7,834




	)




	 




	 




	(6,943




	)




	 




	 




	(2,680




	)






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	(1,667




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(26,771




	)




	 




	 




	13,854




	 




	 




	 




	6,514




	 






	Other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(151




	)




	 




	 




	(147




	)




	 




	 




	213




	 






	Total other income (expense)




	 




	 




	(36,423




	)




	 




	 




	6,764




	 




	 




	 




	4,047




	 






	Income (loss) before income taxes




	 




	 




	(52,651




	)




	 




	 




	(32,436




	)




	 




	 




	(14,595




	)






	Income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	5,575




	 




	 




	 




	(604




	)




	 




	 




	158




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(47,076




	)




	 




	 




	(33,040




	)




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) attributable to previous owners




	 




	 




	(2,681




	)




	 




	 




	(3,085




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) attributable to predecessor




	 




	 




	(33,998




	)




	 




	 




	(29,955




	)




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	(10,397




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Earnings per common share:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Diluted




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic




	 




	 




	91,327




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Diluted




	 




	 




	91,327




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	F - 5




	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CASH FLOWS


	(In thousands)


	 






	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Cash flows from operating activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss




	 




	$




	(47,076




	)




	 




	$




	(33,040




	)




	 




	$




	(14,437




	)






	Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by


	   operating activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,350




	 




	 




	 




	55,890




	 




	 




	 




	14,988




	 






	Accretion of asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	407




	 




	 




	 




	354




	 




	 




	 




	309




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	Dry hole expense and impairments of unproved properties




	 




	 




	3,051




	 




	 




	 




	11,780




	 




	 




	 




	208




	 






	Amortization of debt issuance cost




	 




	 




	479




	 




	 




	 




	711




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	26,771




	 




	 




	 




	(13,854




	)




	 




	 




	(6,514




	)






	Cash settlements on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	4,975




	 




	 




	 




	11,517




	 




	 




	 




	(2,712




	)






	Deferred income tax expense (benefit)




	 




	 




	(5,575




	)




	 




	 




	604




	 




	 




	 




	(189




	)






	Debt extinguishment expense




	 




	 




	1,667




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Amortization of equity awards




	 




	 




	68




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Gain (loss) on sale of properties




	 




	 




	43




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Changes in operating assets and liabilities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable




	 




	 




	(16,300




	)




	 




	 




	15,421




	 




	 




	 




	(19,416




	)






	Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses




	 




	 




	(448




	)




	 




	 




	165




	 




	 




	 




	(336




	)






	Decrease (increase) in inventories




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	108




	 




	 




	 




	450




	 






	(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	(27,150




	)




	 




	 




	(8,872




	)




	 




	 




	28,588




	 






	Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities




	 




	 




	22,262




	 




	 




	 




	50,096




	 




	 




	 




	25,660




	 






	Cash flows from investing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Acquisitions of oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	(436,072




	)




	 




	 




	(165,836




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Additions to oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	(125,837




	)




	 




	 




	(253,922




	)




	 




	 




	(128,667




	)






	Additions to and acquisitions of other property and equipment




	 




	 




	(5,403




	)




	 




	 




	(23,653




	)




	 




	 




	(300




	)






	Sales of other property and equipment




	 




	 




	102




	 




	 




	 




	22




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Change in restricted cash




	 




	 




	(335




	)




	 




	 




	(250




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net cash used in investing activities




	 




	 




	(567,545




	)




	 




	 




	(443,639




	)




	 




	 




	(128,967




	)






	Cash flows from financing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Advances on revolving credit facilities




	 




	 




	383,450




	 




	 




	 




	153,400




	 




	 




	 




	67,400




	 






	Payments on revolving credit facilities




	 




	 




	(378,700




	)




	 




	 




	(63,500




	)




	 




	 




	(50,300




	)






	Debt issuance cost




	 




	 




	(3,607




	)




	 




	 




	(875




	)




	 




	 




	(57




	)






	Termination of second lien




	 




	 




	(225




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Proceeds from initial public offering




	 




	 




	412,500




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Cost incurred in conjunction with initial public offering




	 




	 




	(18,426




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Predecessor contributions




	 




	 




	13,280




	 




	 




	 




	125,098




	 




	 




	 




	97,546




	 






	Previous owner contributions




	 




	 




	97,000




	 




	 




	 




	208,376




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Contributions from previous owners at inception of common control




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	1,982




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net cash provided by financing activities




	 




	 




	505,272




	 




	 




	 




	424,481




	 




	 




	 




	114,589




	 






	Net change in cash and cash equivalents




	 




	 




	(40,011




	)




	 




	 




	30,938




	 




	 




	 




	11,282




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period




	 




	 




	43,126




	 




	 




	 




	12,188




	 




	 




	 




	906




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents, end of period




	 




	$




	3,115




	 




	 




	$




	43,126




	 




	 




	$




	12,188




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	F - 6




	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY


	(In thousands)


	 






	 




	 




	Stockholders’ Equity




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Common


	Stock




	 




	 




	Additional


	Paid in


	Capital




	 




	 




	Accumulated


	Earnings


	(deficit)




	 




	 




	Predecessor




	 




	 




	Previous Owner




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2013




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	95,882




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	95,882




	 






	Capital contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	89,437




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	89,437




	 






	Notes receivable from members, net




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	8,109




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	8,109




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(14,437




	)






	December 31, 2014




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	178,991




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	178,991




	 






	Balance at inception of common control (February 17, 2015)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	86,478




	 




	 




	 




	86,478




	 






	Capital contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	125,850




	 




	 




	 




	208,376




	 




	 




	 




	334,226




	 






	Property contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	40,116




	 




	 




	 




	40,116




	 






	Common control step up in basis (Note 10)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	42,671




	 




	 




	 




	42,671




	 






	Notes receivable from members, net




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(753




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(753




	)






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(29,955




	)




	 




	 




	(3,085




	)




	 




	 




	(33,040




	)






	December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	274,133




	 




	 




	 




	374,556




	 




	 




	 




	648,689




	 






	Capital contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	10,837




	 




	 




	 




	97,000




	 




	 




	 




	107,837




	 






	Property contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	329




	 




	 




	 




	329




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(10,397




	)




	 




	 




	(33,998




	)




	 




	 




	(2,681




	)




	 




	 




	(47,076




	)






	Proceeds from public offering




	 




	 




	275




	 




	 




	 




	412,225




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	412,500




	 






	Costs incurred in connection with initial public offering




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(19,252




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(19,252




	)






	Notes receivable from members




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(132




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(132




	)






	Dissolution of notes receivable from members




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	2,575




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	2,575




	 






	Amortization of equity awards




	 




	 




	4




	 




	 




	 




	64




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	68




	 






	Issuance of shares in connection with Corporate Reorganization




	 




	 




	625




	 




	 




	 




	721,994




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(253,415




	)




	 




	 




	(469,204




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Issuance of shares in connection with acquisition of properties




	 




	 




	13




	 




	 




	 




	19,613




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	19,626




	 






	Tax related effects in connection with Corporate Reorganization and initial public offering




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(117,276




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(117,276




	)






	December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	917




	 




	 




	 




	1,017,368




	 




	 




	 




	(10,397




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	1,007,888




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	 


	 


	 


	F - 7







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION









	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS






	Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Company”) is a publicly traded Delaware corporation, the common shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “WRD.”  Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “WRD,” or “the Company” are intended to mean the business and operations of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.


	Reference to “WHR II” or our “predecessor” refers to WildHorse Resources II, LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Reference to “Esquisto I” refers to Esquisto Resources, LLC.  Reference to “Esquisto II” refers to Esquisto Resources II, LLC.  Reference to “Esquisto Merger” refers to the merger of Esquisto I with and into Esquisto II on January 12, 2016.  Reference to “Esquisto” refers (i) for the period beginning February 17, 2015 (date of common control) through January 11, 2016, to Esquisto I and Esquisto II on a combined basis and (ii) for the period beginning January 12, 2016 through the completion of our public offering on December 19, 2016, to Esquisto II.  Reference to “Acquisition Co.” refers to WHE AcqCo., LLC, an entity that was formed to acquire the Burleson North assets (see Note 3). Reference “WildHorse Investment Holdings” refers to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC.  Reference to “Previous owner” refers to both Esquisto and Acquisition Co.. Reference to “Esquisto Investment Holdings” refers to Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC.  Reference to “WildHorse Holdings” refers to WHR Holdings, LLC.  Reference to “Esquisto Holdings” refers to Esquisto Holdings, LLC. Reference to “Acquisition Co. Holdings” refers to WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC. Reference to “NGP” refers to Natural Gas Partners, a family of private equity investment funds organized to make direct equity investments in the energy industry, including the funds invested in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co.


	The Company was formed in August 2016 to serve as a holding company for the assets of WHR II and Esquisto.  We did not have any operations until we completed our initial public offering on December 19, 2016.  In connection with our initial public offering and Corporate Reorganization (defined below), our accounting predecessor, WHR II was contributed to us. In addition to WHR II, we received Esquisto and Acquisition Co. We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources.


	Initial Public Offering and Corporate Reorganization


	The Company issued and sold to the public in its initial public offering 27,500,000 shares of common stock. The gross proceeds from the sale of the common stock were $412.5 million, net of underwriting discounts of $14.1 million and other offering costs of $5.0 million. The net proceeds from our initial public offering were $393.4 million.  Debt issuance costs of $2.9 million related to the establishment of the Company’s revolving credit facility were also incurred in conjunction with our initial public offering.


	Contemporaneously with our initial public offering, (i) the owners of WHR II exchanged all of their interests in WHR II for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings and the owners of Esquisto exchanged all of their interests in Esquisto for equivalent interests in Esquisto Investment Holdings, (ii) WildHorse Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II to WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in Esquisto to Esquisto Holdings and the owner of Acquisition Co. contributed all of its interests in Acquisition Co. to Acquisition Co. Holdings and (iii) WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., respectively, to us in exchange for shares of our common stock. We refer to these reorganization transactions as the “Corporate Reorganization.” As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. became direct, wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.  WHR II has two wholly owned subsidiaries – WildHorse Resources Management Company, LLC (“WHRM”) and Oakfield Energy LLC (“Oakfield”).  Esquisto has two wholly owned subsidiaries – Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC and Burleson Water Resources, LLC.  WHRM is the named operator for all oil and gas properties owned by us.  


	Basis of Presentation


	Our predecessor’s financial statements were retrospectively recast due to common control considerations. Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests were accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost. As such, the financial statements included herein (i) (a) as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2016, and (b) as of December 31, 2015, and for the period from February 17, 2015 (the inception of common control) to December 31, 2015, have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to our predecessor and Esquisto for periods prior to our initial public offering and (ii) (a) for the period from January 1, 2015 to February 16, 2015 and (b) for the year ended December 31, 2014, have been derived from the results attributable to our predecessor. Furthermore, the results of Acquisition Co. are reflected in the financial statements presented herein beginning on December 19, 2016. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest.


	F - 8




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 







	Certain amounts in the prior year financial st


	atements have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. Gathering, processing, and transportation costs were previously accounted for as revenue deductions and are now being presented as costs and expenses on our statements of operations on a s


	eparate


	 


	line item.  Oakfield drip condensate was reclassified from oil to other income.



	All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in preparation of our consolidated and combined financial statements. The accompanying consolidated and combined financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).






	Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


	Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements


	Preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate the estimates and assumptions on a regular basis; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements. Significant estimates with regard to these financial statements include (1) the estimate of proved oil and gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom; (2) depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; (3) valuation of accounts receivable; (4) accrued capital expenditures and liabilities; (5) asset retirement obligations; (6) environmental remediation costs; (7) valuation of derivative instruments; (8) contingent liabilities and (9) impairment expense. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates, and such revisions could be material.


	Cash and Cash Equivalents


	We consider all highly liquid investment instruments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents for purposes of the Consolidated and Combined Statements of Cash Flows and other statements. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. In case a book overdraft exists at the end of a period, we reclassify the negative cash amount to accounts payable.


	Restricted Cash


	Restricted cash consists of certificates of deposit in place to collateralize letters of credit. The letters of credit are required as part of normal business operations. The certificates of deposit will be in place for a period greater than 12 months and are considered noncurrent.


	Oil and Gas Properties


	We use the successful efforts method of accounting for natural gas and crude oil producing activities. Costs to acquire mineral interests in natural gas and crude oil properties are capitalized. Costs to drill and develop development wells and costs to drill and develop exploratory wells that find proved reserves are also capitalized.  Costs to drill exploratory wells that do not find proved reserves, delay rentals and geological and geophysical costs are expensed.


	The following table reflects the net changes in capitalized exploratory well costs for the periods indicated:


	 








	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Balance, beginning of period




	 




	$




	15,198




	 




	 




	$




	11,134




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Balance at inception of common control




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	6,385




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Additions to capitalized exploratory well costs pending the


	   determination of proved reserves




	 




	 




	60,847




	 




	 




	 




	96,726




	 




	 




	 




	11,134




	 






	Reclassifications to wells, facilities and equipment based


	   on the determination of proved reserves




	 




	 




	(68,981




	)




	 




	 




	(93,052




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Capitalized exploratory well costs charged to expense




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(5,995




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Balance, end of period




	 




	$




	7,064




	 




	 




	$




	15,198




	 




	 




	$




	11,134




	 







	F - 9




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	We acquire leases on acreage not associated with proved reserves or held by production with the expectation of ultimately assigning proved reserves and holding the leases with production. The costs of acquiring these leases, inc


	luding primarily brokerage costs and amounts paid to lessors, are capitalized and excluded from current amortization pending evaluation. When proved reserves are assigned, the leasehold costs associated with those leases are depleted as producing oil and g


	as properties. Costs associated with leases not held by production are impaired when events and circumstances indicate that carrying value of the properties is not recoverable. We recorded impairment of $3.0 million and $1.2 million as exploration expense


	for unproved oil and gas properties for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We had no leasehold impairment expense for the year ended December 31, 2014.



	Capitalized costs of producing natural gas and crude oil properties and support equipment, net of estimated salvage values, are depleted by field using the units-of-production method. Well and well equipment and tangible property additions are depleted over proved developed reserves and leasehold costs are depleted over total proved reserves.


	Proved oil and gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a potential decline in the fair value of such properties below the carrying value, such as a downward revision of the reserve estimates or lower commodity prices. We estimate the undiscounted future cash flows expected in connection with the properties and compare such future cash flows to the carrying amounts of the properties to determine if the carrying amounts are recoverable. If the carrying value of the properties is determined to not be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by comparing the carrying value to the estimated fair value of the properties. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of proved and probable reserves, future commodity prices, the timing of future production and capital expenditures and a discount rate commensurate with the risk reflective of the lives remaining for the respective oil and gas properties. We recorded impairment expense of $9.3 million and $24.7 million to proved oil and gas properties for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The impairment resulted from lower projected oil and gas prices and a drop in projected remaining reserves in East Texas and our non-core fields.


	Oil and Gas Reserves


	The estimates of proved natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids reserves utilized in the preparation of the financial statements are estimated in accordance with guidelines established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), which require that reserve estimates be prepared under existing economic and operating conditions using a 12-month average price with no provision for price and cost escalations in future years except by contractual arrangements. Proved reserves are, with respect to WHR II, prepared by WHR II and audited by Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. (“Cawley”), its independent reserve engineer. With respect to Esquisto, the proved reserves were prepared by Cawley, its independent reserve engineer, for 2015.  Esquisto’s proved reserves for 2016 were internally prepared and audited by Cawley.  


	We emphasize that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise. Accordingly, the estimates are expected to change as more current information becomes available. It is possible that, because of changes in market conditions or the inherent imprecision of these reserve estimates, the estimates of future cash inflows, future gross revenues, the amount of natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids reserves, the remaining estimated lives of the natural gas and crude oil properties, or any combination of the above may be increased or reduced. See Note 19—“Supplemental Oil and Gas Information (Unaudited)” for further information.


	Gathering System


	In 2015, our Oakfield subsidiary constructed and began operating a 15.2 mile 16” natural gas gathering system in order to provide sufficient, cost effective access to major markets for our existing and expected future production from new horizontal wells in North Louisiana. The wells are charged a fee for gathering services based on their throughput volumes and gas quality. In 2016, only wells operated by us were connected to the system. We are depreciating the Oakfield gathering assets on a straight-line basis over the current expected reserve life of wells connected to the system.


	Other Property and Equipment


	Other property and equipment includes our natural gas gathering system, leasehold improvements, office furniture, automobiles, computer equipment, software, pipelines, office buildings and land. Other property and equipment is depreciated using a straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the respective assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the remaining term of the lease and land is not depreciated or amortized.


	F - 10




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Capitalized Interest



	We capitalize interest costs to oil and gas properties on expenditures made in connection with certain projects such as drilling and completion of new oil and natural gas wells and major facility installations. Interest is capitalized only for the period that such activities are in progress. Interest is capitalized using a weighted average interest rate based on our outstanding borrowings. For the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recorded $0.1 million, $0.8 million $0.2 million in capitalized interest, respectively.


	Properties Acquired in Business Combinations


	Assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are required to be recorded at fair value. If sufficient market data is not available, we determine the fair values of proved and unproved properties acquired in transactions accounted for as business combinations by preparing our own estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves. To compensate for the inherent risk of estimating and valuing unproved reserves, discounted future net cash flows of probable and possible reserves are reduced by additional risk-weighting factors. See Note 3—“Acquisitions and Divestitures.”


	Asset Retirement Obligations


	We recognize a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated cost to plug and abandon our natural gas and crude oil wells and associated equipment. The liability and the associated increase in the related long-lived asset are recorded in the period in which the related assets are placed in service or acquired. The liability is accreted to its expected future cost each period and the capitalized cost is depleted using the units-of-production method of the related asset. The accretion expense is included in depreciation, depletion and amortization expense.


	The fair value of the estimated cost is based on historical experience, managements’ expertise and third-party proposals for plugging and abandoning wells. The estimated remaining lives of the wells is based on reserve life estimates and federal and state regulatory requirements. At the time the related long-lived asset is placed in service, the estimated cost is adjusted for inflation based on the remaining life, then discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate to determine the fair value.


	Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in estimates of plugging and abandonment costs, including non-operated plug and abandonment expense, changes in the remaining lives of the wells, or if federal or state regulators enact new plugging and abandonment requirements. At the time of abandonment, we recognize a gain or loss on abandonment to the extent that actual costs do not equal the estimated costs.


	Environmental Costs


	As an owner or lessee and operator of oil and gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. Environmental expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations and that do not have future economic benefit are expensed. Liabilities related to future costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when environmental assessments and/or remediation activities are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.


	Revenue Recognition and Oil and Gas Imbalances


	Revenues from the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs are recognized when the product is delivered at a fixed or determinable price, title has transferred, and collectability is reasonably assured and evidenced by a contract. We recognize revenues from the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs using the sales method of accounting, whereby revenue is recorded based on our share of volume sold, regardless of whether we have taken our proportional share of volume produced. These differences result in gas imbalances. We record a liability to the extent there are not sufficient reserves to cover an over delivered gas imbalance. No receivables are recorded for those wells on which the Company has taken less than its proportionate share of production. We receive payment approximately one month after delivery for operated wells and up to three months after delivery for non-operated wells. At the end of each month, we estimate the amount of production delivered to purchasers and the price we will receive. Variances between our estimates and the actual amounts received are recorded in the month payment is received. No receivables are recorded for those wells on which we have taken less than our proportionate share of production.


	Incentive Units


	For details regarding incentive units issued by our predecessor, please see “Note 13. Incentive Units.”


	F - 11




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Accounts Receivable



	We grant credit to creditworthy independent and major natural gas and crude oil marketing companies for the sale of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. In addition, we grant credit to our oil and gas working interest partners. Receivables from our working interest partners are generally secured by the underlying ownership interests in the properties.


	Accounts receivable balances primarily relate to joint interest billings and oil and gas sales, net of our interest. The accounts receivable balance generally includes two months of accrued revenues for operated properties and three months of accrued revenues for non-operated properties net of any collections related to those periods. The accounts receivable balance also includes other miscellaneous balances.


	Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount we expect to collect. We use the specific identification method of providing allowances for doubtful accounts. We recorded a provision for uncollectible accounts of $0.1 million at both December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	Derivative Instruments


	We periodically enter into derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price risk. These derivative contracts, which are placed with major financial institutions that we believe have minimal credit risks, take the form of variable to fixed price swaps collars and puts. The natural gas reference price, upon which the commodity derivative contracts are based, reflects market indices that have a high degree of historical correlation with actual prices received for natural gas sales.


	All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at fair value. Derivative instruments are netted when the right to net exists under a master netting agreement, future liabilities and assets correspond to the same commodity type and future cash flows have the same balance sheet current or non-current classification. Changes in fair value are recognized currently in earnings. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from our oil, gas and natural gas liquids derivatives are recorded as a component of “Other income (expense)” on our Statements of Consolidated and Combined Operations.  We compute the fair value of the unrealized gains and losses of our derivative instruments using forward prices and dealer quotes provided by a third party.


	Lease Expenses


	We record escalating lease expenses for our corporate office over the life of the lease on a straight-line basis.


	Debt Issuance Costs


	Debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, including arrangements with no outstanding borrowings, are classified as an asset, and amortized over the term of the arrangements.  Debt issuance costs related to term loans and senior notes are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the associated debt liability and

	amortized over the term of the associated debt using the effective yield method.



	Fair Value Measurements


	Accounting guidance for fair value measurements establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, which are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. We use Level 1 inputs when available as Level 1 inputs generally provide the most reliable evidence of fair value. See Note 4—“Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments.”


	Income Taxes


	We are a corporation subject to federal and certain state income taxes. Prior to our initial public offering, we were primarily organized as pass-through entities for federal income tax purposes and were not subject to federal income taxes.




	We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the tax basis in assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements and (2) operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered


	F - 12




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	or settled.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of defe


	rred tax assets will not be realized. We recognize interest and penalties accrued to unrecognized tax benefits in other income (expense) in our Consolidated and Combined Statement of Operations.



	We recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recorded is equal to the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized through effective settlement with a taxing authority.


	Commitments and Contingencies


	Accruals for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, environmental and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These accruals are adjusted as additional information becomes available or circumstances change.




	Supplemental Cash Flow Information


	Supplement cash flow for the periods presented:


	 






	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Supplemental cash flows:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash paid for interest




	 




	$




	7,152




	 




	 




	$




	7,253




	 




	 




	$




	2,515




	 






	Noncash investing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures in accounts


	   payables and accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	(4,492




	)




	 




	 




	349




	 




	 




	 




	5,530




	 







	 


	New Accounting Standards


	Definition of a Business.

	In January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to clarify the definition of a business. The definition of a business affects many areas of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill, and consolidation. The amendments are intended to help companies and other organizations evaluate whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments provide a more robust framework to use in determining when a set of assets and activities is a business. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is permitted and the guidance is to be applied on a prospective basis to purchases or disposals of a business or an asset. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements.



	Statement of Cash Flows – Restricted Cash a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. 

	In November 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to clarify the guidance on the classification and presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The changes in restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents that result from the transfers between cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should not be presented as cash flow activities in the statement of cash flows.  The new guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The new guidance requires transition under a retrospective approach for each period presented. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.



	Statement of Cash Flows – Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.

	 In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the current and potential future diversity in practice. The new guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The new guidance requires transition under a retrospective approach for each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.





	Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 

	In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to simplify the guidance on employee share-based payment accounting. The update involves several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows. Entities will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in equity.



	F - 13




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	Instead, they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. In addition, the new guidance eliminates the requirement that excess tax benef


	its be realized before entities can recognize them and requires entities to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. Furthermore, the new guidance will increase the amount an e


	mployer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception to liability classification for shares used to satisfy the employer’s statutory income tax withholding obligation. The new guidance requires an entity to classify the


	cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. In addition, entities will now have to elect whether to account for forfeitures on shar


	e-based payments by: (i) recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur or (ii) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change, as is currently required. For the amendments that change the r


	ecognition and measurement of share-based payment awards, the new guidance requires transition under a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative-effect adjustment made to retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal period in which the guid


	ance is adopted. Prospective application is required for the accounting for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies. This new standard will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopte


	d this guidance as of January 1, 2017 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  We elected to account for forfeitures on share-based payments by recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur.



	Leases.

	In February 2016, the FASB issued a revision to its lease accounting guidance. The FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either direct financing or operating leases. The classification will be based on criteria that are similar to the current lease accounting treatment. The revised guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leasing transactions regardless of classification. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The revised guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition and provides for certain practical expedients.



	Transition will require application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. We are currently evaluating the standard and the impact on our financial statements and related footnote disclosures.


	Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.

	In November 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that requires entities with a classified balance sheet to present all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The current requirement that deferred tax assets and liabilities of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendment. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities or retrospectively to all periods presented. We early adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on our financial statements and related disclosures.



	Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.

	In September 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment. Disclosure of the effect on earnings of any amounts an acquirer would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date is required. The disclosure is required for each affected income statement line item, and may be presented separately on the face of the income statement or in the notes to the financial statements. The new guidance should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The impact of adopting this guidance was not material to our financial statements and related disclosures.



	Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost.

	In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The guidance is effective retrospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. In August 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that incorporates SEC guidance clarifying that the SEC would not object to debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements being deferred and presented as an asset that is subsequently amortized over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The impact of adopting this guidance was not material to our financial statements and related disclosures.



	 


	F - 14




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Revenue from Contracts with Customers.


	In May 2014, the FASB issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard for contracts with customers that will supersede most current revenue recog


	nition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle of this standard is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which th


	e entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, the standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. In August 2015, the FASB issued an accounti


	ng standards update that formally delayed the effective date of its new revenue recognition standard. The new standard is now effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted


	for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. This guidance will be applicable to us beginning on January 1, 20


	18. We are currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures, if any.



	Other accounting standards that have been issued by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.






	Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures


	We account for third-party acquisitions under the acquisition method. The assets acquired and the liabilities assumed have been measured at fair value based on various estimates. These estimates are based on key assumptions related to the business combination, including reviews of publicly disclosed information for other acquisitions in the industry, historical experience of the companies, data that was available through the public domain and due diligence reviews of the acquiree businesses.  Acquisition-related transaction costs and acquisition-related restructuring charges are not included as components of consideration transferred but are accounted for as expenses in the period in which the costs are incurred.


	Acquisition-related costs


	Acquisition-related costs for both related party and third party transactions are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations for the periods indicated below (in thousands):


	 






	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	$




	553




	 




	 




	$




	593




	 




	 




	$




	1,450




	 






	2016 Acquisitions


	Burleson North Acquisition

	.  On December 19, 2016, in connection with our initial public offering, we completed an acquisition of approximately 158,000 net acres of oil and gas properties adjacent to our existing Eagle Ford acreage at an aggregate purchase price of $389.8 million in cash (the “Burleson North Acquisition”), after preliminary customary post-closing adjustments.


	  


	We allocated $163.8 million of the purchase price to unproved oil and natural gas properties.  


	Revenues of $2.0 million were recorded in the statement of operations and generated a loss of approximately $0.4 million subsequent to the closing date.



	The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value assessment of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date (in thousands):


	 








	 




	 




	Preliminary Purchase Price




	 






	Oil and gas properties




	 




	$




	396,481




	 






	Other property and equipment




	 




	 




	478




	 






	Accounts receivable




	 




	 




	3,160




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	(3,101




	)






	Accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	(7,206




	)






	Total identifiable net assets




	 




	$




	389,812




	 









	Rosewood Acquisition.

	On December 19, 2016, we acquired from certain third parties approximately 7,500 net acres, consisting primarily of additional working interests in our Eagle Ford Acreage in Lee County (the “Rosewood Acquisition”). The closing of the acquisition occurred contemporaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, and we issued 1,308,427 shares to such third



	F - 15




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	parties as consideration.  We allocated


	$18.3 million of the purchase price to unproved oil and natural gas properties with the remainder alloca


	ted to proved oil and natural gas properties


	.



	November Acquisition.

	On November 8, 2016, Esquisto acquired from certain third parties approximately 4,900 net acres and nine producing wells in Burleson County for approximately $30.0 million (the “November Acquisition”), of which


	$29.4 million of the purchase price was allocated to unproved oil and natural gas properties with the remainder allocated to proved oil and natural gas properties


	.



	The following table summarizes the fair value assessment of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date for the November Acquisition and Rosewood Acquisition (in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	Rosewood Acquisition




	 




	 




	November Acquisition




	 






	Oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	19,626




	 




	 




	 




	29,973




	 






	The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 as though the Burleson North Acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2015. The unaudited pro forma financial information was derived from the historical combined statements of operations of the Company, the predecessor and previous owners and adjusted to include: (i) the revenues and direct operating expenses associated with oil and gas properties acquired and (ii) depletion expense applied to the adjusted basis of the properties acquired. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of results of operations that would have occurred had the transaction occurred on the basis assumed above, nor is such information indicative of expected future results of operations.


	 








	 




	 




	For Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Revenues




	 




	$




	176,082




	 




	 




	$




	172,044




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(34,894




	)




	 




	 




	(83,894




	)






	Basic and diluted earnings per unit




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 







	2015 Acquisitions


	Comstock Acquisition

	.  In July 2015, Esquisto acquired oil and natural gas producing properties, undeveloped acreage and water assets from a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Resources, Inc. for a total purchase price of $103.0 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments.  



	The following table summarizes the fair value assessment of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date (in thousands):


	 








	 




	 




	Comstock Acquisition




	 






	Oil and gas properties




	 




	$




	102,628




	 






	Other property and equipment




	 




	 




	500




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	(112




	)






	Total identifiable net assets




	 




	$




	103,016




	 







	2014 Acquisitions


	On February 7, 2014, the predecessor acquired certain oil and gas properties in east Texas for cash consideration of $16.0 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments. The purchase price was primarily allocated to oil and gas properties.


	On June 3, 2014, the predecessor acquired oil and gas producing properties and leases in north Louisiana for cash consideration of $37.1 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments. Assumed liabilities included suspended amounts payable to royalty and other working interest owners. The purchase price was primarily allocated to oil and gas properties.


	On October 13, 2014, the predecessor acquired oil and gas producing properties and leases in north Louisiana for cash consideration of $12.8 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments.  Assumed liabilities include suspended amounts payable to royalty and other working interest owners. The purchase price was primarily allocated to oil and gas properties.


	F - 16




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 









	Note 4. Fair Value Measureme


	nts of Financial Instruments



	Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at a specified measurement date. Fair value estimates are based on either (i) actual market data or (ii) assumptions that other market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including estimates of risk. A three-tier hierarchy has been established that classifies fair value amounts recognized or disclosed in the financial statements. The hierarchy considers fair value amounts based on observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) to be more reliable and predictable than those based primarily on unobservable inputs (Level 3). The characteristics of fair value amounts classified within each level of the hierarchy are described as follows:


	Level 1

	— Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. An active market is one in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.



	Level 2

	— Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the derivative instrument, can be derived from observable data, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, all of the derivative instruments reflected on the accompanying balance sheets were considered Level 2.



	Level 3

	— Measure based on prices or valuation models that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and are less observable from objective sources (i.e., supported by little or no market activity).



	Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


	The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivables, accounts payables (including accrued liabilities) and amounts outstanding under long-term debt agreements with variable rates included in the accompanying balance sheets approximated fair value at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The fair value estimates are based upon observable market data and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. These assets and liabilities are not presented in the following tables.


	The fair market values of the derivative financial instruments reflected on the balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were based on estimated forward commodity prices (including nonperformance risk). Nonperformance risk is the risk that the obligation related to the derivative instrument will not be fulfilled. Financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.


	The following table presents the derivative assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for each of the fair value hierarchy levels:


	 








	 




	 




	Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2016 Using




	 






	 




	 




	Quoted Prices


	in Active


	Market


	(Level 1)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Other


	Observable


	Inputs


	(Level 2)




	 




	 




	Significant Unobservable Inputs


	(Level 3)




	 




	 




	Fair Value




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands)




	 






	Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	7




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	22,185




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	22,185




	 







	F - 17






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 


	 






	 




	 




	Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2015 Using




	 






	 




	 




	Quoted Prices


	in Active


	Market


	(Level 1)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Other


	Observable


	Inputs


	(Level 2)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Unobservable


	Inputs


	(Level 3)




	 




	 




	Fair Value




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands)




	 






	Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	9,764




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	9,764




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	248




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	248




	 







	 


	Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis


	Certain assets and liabilities are reported at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as reflected on the balance sheets. The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair values:






	 





	•






	The fair value of asset retirement obligations (“AROs”) is based on discounted cash flow projections using numerous estimates, assumptions, and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal obligation for an ARO; amounts and timing of settlements; the credit-adjusted risk-free rate; and inflation rates. See Note 8 for a summary of changes in AROs.











	 





	•






	If sufficient market data is not available, the determination of the fair values of proved and unproved properties acquired in transactions accounted for as business combinations are prepared by utilizing estimates of discounted cash flow projections. The factors to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of: (i) economic reserves; (ii) future operating and development costs; (iii) future commodity prices; and (iv) a market-based weighted average cost of capital. To compensate for the inherent risk of estimating and valuing unproved properties, the discounted future net revenues of probable and possible reserves are reduced by additional risk-weighting factors. The fair value of supporting equipment, such as plant assets, acquired in transactions accounted for as business combinations are commonly estimated using the depreciated replacement cost approach.











	 





	•






	Proved oil and natural gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value of such properties may not be recoverable. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of proved reserves, future commodity prices, the timing of future production and capital expenditures and a discount rate commensurate with the risk reflective of the lives remaining for the respective oil and gas properties.











	 





	▪






	During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $9.3 million and $24.7 million, respectively, of impairments. The impairments primarily related to certain properties located in East Texas and our non-core fields. The estimated future cash flows expected from these properties were compared to their carrying values and determined to be unrecoverable primarily due to declining commodity prices.  We did not record impairments for the year ended December 31, 2016.







	 






	Note 5. Risk Management and Derivative and Other Financial Instruments


	We have entered into certain derivative arrangements with respect to portions of our oil and natural gas production to reduce our sensitivity to volatile commodity prices. None of our derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. We believe that these derivative arrangements, although not free of risk, allow us to achieve more predictable cash flows and to reduce exposure to commodity price fluctuations. However, derivative arrangements limit the benefit of increases in the prices of oil and natural gas sales. Moreover, our derivative arrangements apply only to a portion of our production and provide only partial protection against declines in commodity prices. Such arrangements may expose us to risk of financial loss in certain circumstances. We continuously reevaluate our risk management program in light of changes in production, market conditions, commodity price forecasts, capital spending, interest rate forecasts and debt service requirements.


	F - 18




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Commodity Deri


	vatives



	We have fixed price commodity swaps, collars and deferred purchased puts to accomplish our hedging strategy. Collars consist of a sold call and a purchased put that establishes a ceiling and floor price for expected future oil and natural gas sales. Derivative instruments are netted when the right to net exists under a master netting agreement, future liabilities and assets correspond to the same commodity type and future cash flows have the same balance sheet current or non-current classification. We have exposure to financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions. These transactions are with counterparties in the financial services industry, specifically with members of our bank group. These transactions could expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparties. We have master netting agreements for our derivative transactions with our counterparties and although we do not require collateral, we believe our counterparty risk is low because of the credit worthiness of our counterparties. See Note 4—“Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments” for further information.


	The following derivative contracts were in place at December 31, 2016:


	 








	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 






	Natural Gas Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	9,029,600




	 




	 




	 




	11,565,800




	 




	 




	 




	9,877,900




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	3.15




	 




	 




	$




	3.03




	 




	 




	$




	2.81




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	5,520,000




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	3.36




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	1,068,350




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.40




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(0.35




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Crude Oil Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	2,146,300




	 




	 




	 




	1,638,500




	 




	 




	 




	1,381,300




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	52.90




	 




	 




	$




	53.68




	 




	 




	$




	54.92




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	60,784




	 




	 




	 




	25,096




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	636,400




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	55.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(4.76




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	 


	F - 19




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Balance Sheet Presentation



	The following table summarizes both: (i) the gross fair value of derivative instruments by the appropriate balance sheet classification even when the derivative instruments are subject to netting arrangements and qualify for net presentation in the balance sheet and (ii) the net recorded fair value as reflected on the balance sheet at December 31, 2016 and 2015. There was no cash collateral received or pledged associated with our derivative instruments since the counterparties to our derivative contracts are lenders under our collective credit agreements.


	 








	 




	 




	 




	 




	Asset Derivatives




	 




	 




	Liability Derivatives




	 






	Type




	 




	Balance Sheet Location




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Commodity contracts




	 




	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	$




	4




	 




	 




	$




	7,108




	 




	 




	$




	14,091




	 




	 




	$




	32




	 






	Netting arrangements




	 




	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(4




	)




	 




	 




	(32




	)




	 




	 




	(4




	)




	 




	 




	(32




	)






	Net recorded fair value




	 




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	7,076




	 




	 




	$




	14,087




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity contacts




	 




	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	$




	3




	 




	 




	$




	2,656




	 




	 




	$




	8,094




	 




	 




	$




	216




	 






	Netting arrangements




	 




	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(3




	)




	 




	 




	(216




	)




	 




	 




	(3




	)




	 




	 




	(216




	)






	Net recorded fair value




	 




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	2,440




	 




	 




	$




	8,091




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	(Gains) & Losses on Derivatives


	All gains and losses, including changes in the derivative instruments’ fair values, are included as a component of “Other income (expense)” in the Statements of Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements. The following table details the gains and losses related to derivative instruments for the years ending December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:


	 






	 




	 




	Statements of




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	Operations Location




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Commodity derivative contracts




	 




	(Gain)

	 

	loss on commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	26,771




	 




	 




	$




	(13,854




	)




	 




	$




	(6,514




	)






	 








	Note 6. Accounts Receivable


	Accounts receivable consist of the following:


	 






	 




	 




	At December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Oil, gas and NGL sales




	 




	$




	13,390




	 




	 




	$




	9,412




	 






	Joint interest billings




	 




	 




	7,898




	 




	 




	 




	3,455




	 






	Severance tax




	 




	 




	392




	 




	 




	 




	531




	 






	Other current receivables (1)




	 




	 




	4,848




	 




	 




	 




	389




	 






	Allowance for doubtful accounts




	 




	 




	(100




	)




	 




	 




	(50




	)






	Total




	 




	$




	26,428




	 




	 




	$




	13,737




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	Primarily relates to a receivable related to our North Burleson Acquisition.






	 


	The following table presents our allowance for doubtful accounts activity for the periods indicated:


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Balance at beginning of period




	 




	$




	50




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Charged to costs and expenses




	 




	 




	50




	 




	 




	 




	50




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Balance at end of period




	 




	$




	100




	 




	 




	$




	50




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	 


	F - 20






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 









	Note 7. Accrue


	d Liabilities



	Accrued liabilities consist of the following:


	 






	 




	 




	At December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Capital expenditures




	 




	$




	17,934




	 




	 




	$




	26,105




	 






	Deferred rent




	 




	 




	386




	 




	 




	 




	363




	 






	Lease operating expense




	 




	 




	2,608




	 




	 




	 




	1,459




	 






	General and administrative




	 




	 




	1,471




	 




	 




	 




	242




	 






	Severance and ad valorem taxes




	 




	 




	194




	 




	 




	 




	415




	 






	Interest expense




	 




	 




	346




	 




	 




	 




	192




	 






	Other accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	432




	 




	 




	 




	6




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	23,371




	 




	 




	$




	28,782




	 







	 






	Note 8.


	Asset Retirement Obligations


	The following table presents the changes in the asset retirement obligations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Asset retirement obligations at beginning of period




	 




	$




	7,020




	 




	 




	$




	5,935




	 




	 




	$




	4,991




	 






	Balance at inception of common control (February 17, 2015)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	37




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Accretion expense




	 




	 




	407




	 




	 




	 




	354




	 




	 




	 




	309




	 






	Liabilities incurred




	 




	 




	3,723




	 




	 




	 




	686




	 




	 




	 




	676




	 






	Liabilities settled




	 




	 




	(5




	)




	 




	 




	(8




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Revisions




	 




	 




	(112




	)




	 




	 




	16




	 




	 




	 




	(41




	)






	Asset retirement obligations at end of period




	 




	 




	11,033




	 




	 




	 




	7,020




	 




	 




	 




	5,935




	 






	Less: current portion




	 




	 




	90




	 




	 




	 




	90




	 




	 




	 




	90




	 






	Asset retirement obligations – long-term




	 




	$




	10,943




	 




	 




	$




	6,930




	 




	 




	$




	5,845




	 







	 








	Note 9. Long Term Debt


	Our debt obligations consisted of the following at the dates indicated:






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	Credit Facility




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	$




	242,750




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	WHR II revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	118,000




	 






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	50,000




	 






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated January 2016




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	40,000




	 






	Esquisto - second lien terminated in January 2016




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	30,000




	 






	Unamortized debt issuance costs - second lien




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(143




	)






	Total long-term debt




	 




	$




	242,750




	 




	 




	$




	237,857




	 







	Revolving Credit Facility


	On December 19, 2016 after the closing of our initial public offering, we, as borrower, and certain of our current and future subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a five-year, $1.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility, which had an initial borrowing base of $450.0 million but was automatically reduced to $362.5 million in connection with the consummation of our 2025 Senior Notes (defined below) offering on February 1, 2017.  




	Our revolving credit facility is reserve-based, and thus our borrowing base is primarily based on the estimated value of our oil and natural gas properties and our commodity derivative contracts as determined by our lenders in their sole discretion consistent with


	F - 21




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	their normal and customary oil and gas lending practices


	semi-annually (in the case of scheduled redeterminations), from time to time at our election in connection with material acquisitions, or no more frequently than twice in any fiscal year at the request of the required lenders or us (in the case of interim


	redeterminations), in each case based on engineering reports with respect to our estimated oil, NGL and natural gas reserves, and our commodity derivative contracts. Unanimous approval by the lenders is required for any increase to the borrowing base purs


	uant to a redetermination, while only required lender approval is required to maintain or decrease the borrowing base pursuant to a redetermination. The borrowing base will also automatically decrease upon the issuance of certain debt, including notes, the


	sale or other disposition of certain assets and the early termination of certain swap agreements. In the future, we may be unable to access sufficient capital under our revolving credit facility as a result of (i) a decrease in our borrowing base due to a


	borrowing base redetermination or (ii) an unwillingness or inability on the part of our lenders to meet their funding obligations.



	A decline in commodity prices could result in a redetermination that lowers our borrowing base and, in such case, we could be required to repay any indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we could be required to pledge other oil and natural gas properties as additional collateral. If a redetermination of our borrowing base results in our borrowing base being less than our aggregate elected commitments, our aggregate elected commitments will be automatically reduced to the amount of such reduced borrowing base. We do not anticipate having any substantial unpledged properties, and we may not have the financial resources in the future to make any mandatory principal prepayments required under our revolving credit facility.


	Borrowings under our revolving credit facility are secured by liens on substantially all of our properties, but in any event, not less than 85% (or 75% with respect to certain properties prior to February 2, 2017) of the total value, as determined by the administrative agent, of the proved reserves attributable to our oil and natural gas properties using a discount rate of 9%, all of our equity interests in any future guarantor subsidiaries and all of our other assets including personal property but excluding equity interests in and assets of unrestricted subsidiaries.


	Additionally, borrowings under our revolving credit facility will bear interest, at our option, at either (i) the greatest of (x) the prime rate as determined by the administrative agent, (y) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and (z) the adjusted LIBOR for a one month interest period plus 1.0%, in each case, plus a margin that varies from 1.25% to 2.25% per annum according to the total commitments usage (which is the ratio of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit to the least of the total commitments, the borrowing base and the aggregate elected commitments then in effect), (ii) the adjusted LIBOR plus a margin that varies from 2.25% to 3.25% per annum according to the total commitment usage or (iii) the applicable LIBOR market index rate plus a margin that varies from 2.25% to 3.25% per annum according to the total commitment usage. The unused portion of the total commitments are subject to a commitment fee that varies from 0.375% to 0.50% per annum according to our total commitments usage.


	Our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain (x) a ratio of total debt to EBITDAX (as defined under our revolving credit facility) of not more than 4.00 to 1.00 and (y) a ratio of current assets (including availability under the facility) to current liabilities of not less than 1.00 to 1.00.


	Additionally, our revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt, guarantees or liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; make certain investments, acquisitions or other restricted payments; modify certain material agreements; engage in certain types of transactions with affiliates; dispose of assets; incur commodity hedges exceeding a certain percentage of our production; and prepay certain indebtedness.


	Events of default under our revolving credit facility will include, but are not limited to, failure to make payments when due, breach of any covenant continuing beyond any applicable cure period, default under any other material debt, change of control, bankruptcy or other insolvency event and certain material adverse effects on our business.


	If we fail to perform our obligations under these and other covenants, the revolving credit commitments may be terminated and any outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility, together with accrued interest, fees and other obligations under the credit agreement, could be declared immediately due and payable.


	WHR II Revolving Credit Facility


	We repaid and terminated WHR II’s prior revolving credit facility in connection with the completion of our initial public offering.


	Esquisto Revolving Credit Facility


	We repaid and terminated Esquisto’s prior revolving credit facility in connection with the completion of our initial public offering.


	F - 22




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Esquisto Terminated Revol


	ving Credit Facility and Second Lien Loan.





	Esquisto retired and terminated one of their revolving credit facilities and second lien loan in January 2016 in connection with the merger of Esquisto I and Esquisto II.


	2025 Senior Notes


	Subsequent Event.

	On February 1, 2017, we completed a private placement of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”).  The 2025 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of our existing and certain future subsidiaries.  The consummation of our 2025 Senior Notes offering automatically reduced the borrowing base of our revolving credit facility by $87.5 million. See Note 20 for additional information regarding the 2025 Senior Notes.





	Weighted-Average Interest Rates


	The following table presents the weighted-average interest rates paid on our consolidated and combined variable-rate debt obligations for the periods presented:


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	Credit Facility




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	 




	3.52




	%




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	WHR II revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	2.60




	%




	 




	 




	2.40




	%






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	3.13




	%




	 




	n/a




	 






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated January 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	2.97




	%




	 




	n/a




	 






	Esquisto - Second lien terminated in January 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	9.25




	%




	 




	n/a




	 









	Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs


	Unamortized deferred financing costs associated with our consolidated and combined debt obligations were as follows at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	At December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	$




	2,904




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	WHR II revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	581




	 






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	494




	 






	Esquisto - second lien terminated in January 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	143




	 






	 




	 




	$




	2,904




	 




	 




	$




	1,218




	 







	 








	Note 10. Equity


	Common Stock


	The Company’s authorized capital stock includes 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share. The following is a summary of the changes in our common shares issued for the year ended December 31, 2016:


	 






	Balance, January 1, 2016




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Shares of common stock issued in connection with Corporate Reorganization




	 




	 




	62,518,680




	 






	Shares of common stock issued in initial public offering




	 




	 




	27,500,000




	 






	Shares of common stock issued in connection with Rosewood Acquisition




	 




	 




	1,308,427




	 






	Restricted common shares issued




	 




	 




	353,334




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	91,680,441




	 







	See Note 12 for additional information regarding restricted common shares that were granted in connection with our initial public offering. Restricted shares of common stock are considered issued and outstanding on the grant date of restricted stock award.


	F - 23




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Preferred Stock



	Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize our board of directors, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to establish and to issue from time to time one or more classes or series of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, covering up to an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Each class or series of preferred stock will have the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, liquidation preferences, voting rights, conversion rights, preemptive rights and redemption rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders.  There are no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016.


	Dividend Policy


	We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance our operations and the growth of our business. Our future dividend policy is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon then-existing conditions, including our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, investment opportunities, statutory restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our revolving credit facility places restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends.


	Predecessor Equity


	The predecessor received capital contributions of $10.8 million, $125.9 million and $89.4 million from its members during the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Promissory note advances were available to management to fund future capital commitments and carried an interest rate of 2.5%.


	The table below summarizes advances and payments of the promissory note advances for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:


	 








	 




	 




	Principal




	 




	 




	Interest




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2013




	 




	$




	9,702




	 




	 




	$




	97




	 




	 




	$




	9,799




	 






	Advances




	 




	 




	9,403




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,403




	 






	Payments




	 




	 




	(17,454




	)




	 




	 




	(303




	)




	 




	 




	(17,757




	)






	Accrued Interest




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	245




	 




	 




	 




	245




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2014




	 




	 




	1,651




	 




	 




	 




	39




	 




	 




	 




	1,690




	 






	Advances




	 




	 




	1,096




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	1,096




	 






	Payments




	 




	 




	(380




	)




	 




	 




	(13




	)




	 




	 




	(393




	)






	Accrued Interest




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	50




	 




	 




	 




	50




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	2,367




	 




	 




	 




	76




	 




	 




	 




	2,443




	 






	Advances




	 




	 




	101




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	101




	 






	Payments




	 




	 




	(20




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(20




	)






	Accrued Interest




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	51




	 




	 




	 




	51




	 






	Dissolution




	 




	 




	(2,448




	)




	 




	 




	(127




	)




	 




	 




	(2,575




	)






	Balance, December 31, 2016




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	On November, 9, 2016, the management members conveyed to the predecessor certain ownership interests in the predecessor in exchange for the discharge in full and the termination of all the promissory note advances then outstanding.  The promissory note advances and the related accrued interest receivable are presented in the balance sheet as a deduction from predecessor equity.


	Previous Owner Equity




	The previous owner’s received capital contributions of $97.0 million and $208.4 million from its members during the year ended December 31, 2016 and for the period of February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, respectively.  During the period from February 17, 2015


	to December 31, 2015, Esquisto received property contributions of $40.1 million from its members that primarily consisted of developed and undeveloped properties in the East Texas Eagle Ford, Austin Chalk and Pecan Gap formations in Lee County, Washington County and Brazos County, Texas.  On February 17, 2015, NGP acquired a controlling interest in Esquisto from an Esquisto member not affiliated with NGP.  NGP’s basis exceeded the net book value by $16.1 million associated with this


	F - 24




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	transaction. In May 2015, NGP acquired additional interests in Esquisto from another Esquisto memb


	er not affiliated with NGP.  NGP’s basis exceeded the net book value by $26.6 million associated with this transaction.  


	As a result of the Corporate Reorganization (as discussed in Note 1) and common control accounting,


	Esquisto’s net assets were recorded


	at NGP’s historical cost basis


	.



	 








	Note 11. Earnings per share


	The following sets forth the calculation of earnings (loss) per share, or EPS, for the year ending December 31, 2016 (in thousands, except per share amounts):


	 






	Numerator:




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	(10,397




	)






	Denominator:




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in thousands) (1)




	 




	 




	91,327




	 






	Basic EPS




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)






	Diluted EPS (1)




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)







	 






	 





	(1)





	The Company determines the more dilutive of either the two-class method or the treasury stock method for diluted EPS. The two-class method was more dilutive for the year ended December 31, 2016.  For the year ended December 31, 2016, 363 restricted shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share due to their antidilutive effect as we were in a loss position.






	 






	Note 12. Long Term Incentive Plans


	In connection with the initial public offering, our Board adopted the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (or “2016 LTIP”).  The 2016 LTIP, authorizes the issuance of 9,512,500 shares of our common stock.  As of December 31, 2016, we had granted 353,334 restricted shares to certain officers and directors.


	The following table summarizes information regarding restricted common share awards granted under the 2016 LTIP for the periods presented:


	 








	 




	 




	Number of Shares




	 




	 




	Weighted-Average


	Grant Date Fair


	Value per Share (1)




	 






	Restricted common shares outstanding at January 1, 2016




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Granted (2)




	 




	 




	353,334




	 




	 




	$




	14.50




	 






	Restricted common shares outstanding at December 31, 2016




	 




	$




	353,334




	 




	 




	$




	14.50




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	Determined by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of shares subject to granted awards by the number of awards.










	 





	(2)





	The aggregate grant date fair value of restricted common share awards granted in 2016 was $5.1 million based on grant date market price of $14.50 per share.






	For the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded $0.1 million of recognized compensation expense associated with these awards.  Unrecognized compensation cost associated with the restricted common share awards was an aggregate of $5.0 million at December 31, 2016.  We expect to recognize the unrecognized compensation cost for these awards over a weighted-average period of 2.86 years.




	Note 1


	3. Incentive Units




	The governing documents of WHR II provided for the issuance of incentive units. WHR II granted incentive units to certain of its members who were key employees at the time of grant. Holders of incentive units would have been entitled to distributions ranging from 20% to 40% when declared, but only after cumulative distribution thresholds (payouts) had been achieved. Payouts were generally triggered after the recovery of specified members’ capital contributions plus a rate of return. The incentive units were being accounted for as liability-classified awards as achievement of the payout conditions required settlement of such awards by transferring cash to the incentive unit holder. Compensation cost was recognized only if the performance condition was probable of being satisfied


	F - 25




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	at each reporting date.


	The payment likelihood related to the WHR II incentive units was not deemed probable


	for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  As such, no compensation expense was re


	cognized by our predecessor.



	In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, the WHR II incentive units were transferred to WildHorse Investment Holdings in exchange for substantially similar incentive units in WildHorse Investment Holdings, who became responsible for making all payments, distributions and settlements relating to the exchanged incentive units. While any such payments, distributions and settlements will not involve any cash payments by us, we will recognize non-cash compensation expense within general and administrative expenses, which may be material, in the period in which the applicable performance conditions are probable of being satisfied. We will receive a deemed capital contribution with respect to such compensation expense.


	In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings granted certain officers and employees awards of incentive units in WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings. The WildHorse Holdings incentive units, Esquisto Holdings incentive units and Acquisition Co. Holdings incentive units will each vest in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the applicable date of grant. The incentive units are entitled to a portion of future distributions by each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings in excess of the value of our common stock held by each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings based upon the initial public offering price of such common stock plus a 5% internal rate of return. WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings will be responsible for making all payments, distributions and settlements to all award recipients relating to the WildHorse Holdings incentive units, Esquisto Holdings incentive units and Acquisition Co. Holdings incentive units, respectively. While any such payments, distributions and settlements are not expected to involve any cash payment by us, we expect to recognize non-cash compensation expense within general and administrative expenses, which may be material, in the period in which the applicable performance conditions are probable of being satisfied. We will record a deemed capital contribution with respect to such compensation expense.


	Vesting of all incentive units is generally dependent upon an explicit service period, a fundamental change as defined in the respective governing document, and achievement of payout. All incentive units not vested are forfeited if an employee is no longer employed. All incentive units will be forfeited if a holder resigns whether the incentive units are vested or not. If the payouts have not yet occurred, then all incentive units, whether or not vested, will be forfeited automatically (unless extended).






	Note 14. Related Party Transactions


	Corporate Reorganization


	As described in Note 1, in connection with our initial public offering, we completed certain reorganization transactions pursuant to which we acquired all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. owned by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings, respectively, in exchange for 21,200,084 shares, 38,755,330 shares and 2,563,266 shares, respectively, of our common stock.


	Board of Directors and Executive Officer Relationships


	Mr. Grant E. Sims has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017. Mr. Sims has served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of the general partner of Genesis Energy Partners, L.P. (“Genesis”) since August 2006 and Chairman of the Board of the general partner since October 2012. Genesis is one of our purchasers of hydrocarbons and other liquids. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, we received $2.8 million from Genesis.

	In addition, Mr. Richard D. Brannon’s son who had been an employee of a CH4 Energy entity (an NGP affiliated company), joined the Company as a non-officer employee in connection with our initial public offering in December 2016. Mr. Brannon’s son received total compensation from us in 2016 of less than $0.1 million.



	Our chief executive officer’s sister-in-law is a non-officer employee of the Company and received total compensation from us of approximately $0.1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.


	NGP Affiliated Companies


	Highmark Energy Operating, LLC.  

	During the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we received net payments of $0.2 million, $0.4 million and $0.1 million, respectively, from Highmark Energy Operating, LLC, a NGP affiliated company, for non-operated working interests in oil and gas properties we operate.  



	Cretic Energy Services, LLC.  

	During the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we made payments of $0.4 million, $1.0 million and $6.5 million, respectively, to Cretic Energy Services, LLC, a NGP affiliated company, for services related to our drilling and completion activities.



	F - 26




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Multi-Shot, LLC.


	  


	During the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we made payments of $0.1 million


	and $0.1 million, respectively, to Multi-Shot, LLC, a NGP affiliated company, for services related to our drilling and completion activities.



	PennTex Midstream Partners, LP.

	During the year ended December 31, 2016, we made net payments of $0.2 million to PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (“PennTex”), a NGP affiliated company, for the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas and NGLs. During the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we received net payments of $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively.  Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. acquired ownership in the general partner of PennTex on November 1, 2016.  PennTex became a controlled subsidiary of Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. effective November 1, 2016.  As such, as of the date of these financial statements, PennTex was no longer a related party.



	Promissory Notes.

	WHR II issued promissory notes in favor of certain members of WHR II’s management to fund future capital commitments These promissory notes have been repaid and terminated. See Note 10 for additional information.



	WildHorse Resources, LLC

	. WHR II and WildHorse Resources, LLC (“WHR”), an entity formerly under common control with WHR II, entered into a management services agreement in August 2013 pursuant to which WHR provided certain administrative and land services to WHR II. As operator, WHR received operated and non-operated revenues on behalf of WHR II and billed and received joint interest billings. In addition, WHR paid for lease operating expenses and drilling costs on behalf of WHR II. On August 8, 2013, an asset and cost sharing agreement between WHR and WHR II was executed. As part of the agreement, shared WHR costs were allocated between WHR and WHR II in accordance with a sharing ratio. The sharing ratio was based on the previous quarter’s capital expenditures and number of operated wells. Company specific costs were billed directly to the appropriate entity. As a result of these agreements, WHR II made net payments of $5.0 million to WHR in 2014.



	A management services agreement was executed on August 8, 2013, where WHRM began providing general, administrative and employee services to WHR II as well as WHR. WHRM shared costs were also subject to the same sharing ratio as the asset and cost sharing agreement between WHR and WHR II. As a result of this agreement, we made net payments of $6.0 million to WHRM in 2014.


	On June 18, 2014, (i) the management agreement and the asset cost sharing agreement were terminated, (ii) WHR II purchased WHRM from WHR for $0.2 million and (iii) WHR II, through WHRM, began providing accounting and operating transition services to WHR, including administrative and land services, pursuant to the management services agreement. As a result of the management services agreement, WHR II made $57.6 million in net payments to WHR in 2015 but received net payments of $53.0 million from WHR and its affiliates in 2014. WHR II was owed $1.6 million, net, as of December 31, 2015. On February 25, 2015, the management services agreement was terminated effective March 1, 2015.


	During the year ended December 31, 2016, we paid net payments of $0.1 million to WHR’s parent company for non-operated working interests in oil and gas properties we operate.  WHR ceased being a related party in September 2016 when its parent company was acquired by a third party.


	NGP X US Holdings LP.  

	Our predecessor paid NGP X US Holdings LP. (“NGP X”) $0.1 million during each year ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 for director fees.  In addition, we reimbursed NGP X $0.8 million for certain of our initial public offering related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016.



	Previous Owner Related Party Transactions


	Notes payable to members.  

	During the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, Esquisto accrued $3.6 million, as general and administrative expenses payable to its members. Esquisto owed $6.4 million as of December 31, 2015, to its members for general and administrative expenses incurred on its behalf.  During the year ended December 31, 2016, Esquisto accrued $4.0 million, as general and administrative expenses payable to its members.



	These notes were payable to members by December 31, 2022 and bore interest after a year at the Applicable Federal Rate compounded annually paid at maturity.  In connection with our initial public offering, the Esquisto notes payable to its members were paid off. Certain CH4 Energy entities received $3.6 million.  These CH4 Energy entities are NGP affiliated companies and Mr. Brannon is President of these entities.  Garland Exploration, LLC and Crossing Rocks Energy, LLC (“Crossing Rocks”) received $5.5 million and $1.3 million, respectively.  These entities are also NGP affiliated companies.


	Services provided by member.  

	Esquisto paid Calbri Energy, Inc. (“Calbri”), a less than 1% former owner, $0.4 million for the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, for completion consulting services.  During the year ended December 31, 2016, Esquisto paid Calbri $0.4 million for completion consulting services.





	Operator.

	Esquisto paid Petromax Operating Company, Inc. (“Petromax”), who was the operator of the majority of Esquisto’s wells, $1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2016 and $0.9 million during the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015 for overhead charges on drilling and producing wells at market rates as set forth in joint operating agreements and in



	F - 27




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	accordanc


	e with an operating agreement between Petromax and Esquisto.


	Petromax is owned 33.3% by Mike Hoover, the former Chief Operating Officer of Esquisto, who also indirectly owned one of the former members of Esquisto.  



	Related Party Agreements


	Registration Rights Agreement.

	In connection with the closing of our initial public offering, we entered into a registration rights agreement with WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings.  Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, we have agreed to register the sale of shares of our common stock under certain circumstances.



	Demand Rights.

	At any time after the 180 day lock-up period, related to our initial public offering and subject to the limitations set forth below, each of the holders (or its permitted transferees) have the right to require us by written notice to prepare and file a registration statement registering the offer and sale of a certain number of its shares of our common stock. Generally, we are required to provide notice of the request to certain other holders of our common stock who may, in certain circumstances, participate in the registration. Subject to certain exceptions, we will not be obligated to effect a demand registration within 90 days after the closing of any underwritten offering of shares of our common stock. Further, we are not obligated to effect more than a total of four demand registrations for each of WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings.



	We are also not obligated to effect any demand registration in which the anticipated aggregate offering price for our common stock included in such offering is less than $30 million. Once we are eligible to effect a registration on Form S-3, any such demand registration may be for a shelf registration statement. We will be required to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any such registration statement until the earlier of (i) 180 days (or two years in the case of a shelf registration statement) after the effective date thereof or (ii) the date on which all shares covered by such registration statement have been sold (subject to certain extensions).


	In addition, each of the holders (or its permitted transferees) have the right to require us, subject to certain limitations, to effect a distribution of any or all of its shares of our common stock by means of an underwritten offering. In general, any demand for an underwritten offering (other than the first requested underwritten offering made in respect of a prior demand registration and other than a requested underwritten offering made concurrently with a demand registration) shall constitute a demand request subject to the limitations set forth above.


	Piggyback Rights.

	Subject to certain exceptions, if at any time we propose to register an offering of common stock or conduct an underwritten offering, whether or not for our own account, then we must notify each holder, NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. (“NGP XI”), Mr. Graham and Mr. Bahr (or its permitted transferees) of such proposal to allow them to include a specified number of their shares of our common stock in that registration statement or underwritten offering, as applicable.



	Stockholders’ Agreement.

	In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into a stockholders’ agreement with WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, and Acquisition Co. Holdings. Among other things, the stockholders’ agreement provides the right to designate nominees to our board of directors as follows:







	 





	•






	so long as WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, collectively own greater than 50% of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate up to three nominees to our board of directors;











	 





	•






	so long as WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, collectively own at least 35% of our common stock but less than 50% of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate two nominees to our board of directors;











	 





	•






	so long as WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, collectively own at least 15% of our common stock but less than 35% of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate one nominee to our board of directors and can nominate a third nominee by agreement between them;











	 





	•






	so long as WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, collectively own at least 5% of our common stock but less than 15% of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate one nominee to our board of directors; and











	 





	•






	once WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, collectively own less 5% of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings will not have any board designation rights.







	Pursuant to the stockholders’ agreement we are required to take all necessary actions, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including with respect to any fiduciary duties under Delaware law), to cause the election of the nominees designated by WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings.


	F - 28




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	In addition, the stockholders’ agreement prov


	ides that for so long as WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings and their affiliates, including NGP XI, own at least 15% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings will have the right to


	cause any committee of our board of directors to include in its membership at least one director designated by WildHorse Holdings or Esquisto Holdings, except to the extent that such membership would violate applicable securities laws or stock exchange ru


	les. The rights granted to WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings to designate directors are additive to and not intended to limit in any way the rights that WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. or any of their affiliates, including NGP


	XI, may have to nominate, elect or remove our directors under our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or the Delaware General Corporation Law.



	Transaction Services Agreement.

	  Upon the closing of our initial public offering, we entered into a transition services agreement with CH4 Energy IV, LLC, PetroMax and Crossing Rocks (collectively, the “Service Providers”), pursuant to which the Service Providers will provide certain engineering, land, operating and financial services to us for six months relating to our Eagle Ford Acreage. In exchange for such services, we will pay a monthly management fee to the Service Providers.



	The Service Providers do not have a termination right under the transition services agreement. We may terminate the transition services agreement at any time by providing written notice to the Service Providers. The transition services agreement may only be assigned by a party with each other party’s consent. NGP and certain former management members of Esquisto own the Service Providers.




	Note 15. Segment Disclosures


	Our chief executive officer has been identified as our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”).  We have identified two operating segments – the Eagle Ford and North Louisiana – that have been aggregated into one reportable segment that is engaged in the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources in the United States.  Our reportable segment includes midstream operations that primarily support the Company’s oil and gas producing activities.  There are no differences between reportable segment revenues and consolidated revenues.  Furthermore, all of our revenues are from external customers.  The Company uses Adjusted EBITDAX as its measure of profit or loss to assess performance and allocate resources.  Information regarding assets by reportable segment is not presented because it is not reviewed by the CODM.


	The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDAX:


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Adjusted EBITDAX reconciliation to net (loss) income:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	(47,076




	)




	 




	$




	(33,040




	)




	 




	$




	(14,437




	)






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	7,834




	 




	 




	 




	6,943




	 




	 




	 




	2,680




	 






	Income tax (benefit) expense




	 




	 




	(5,575




	)




	 




	 




	604




	 




	 




	 




	(158




	)






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	81,757




	 




	 




	 




	56,244




	 




	 




	 




	15,297




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	12,026




	 




	 




	 




	18,299




	 




	 




	 




	1,597




	 






	Impairment of proved oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	9,312




	 




	 




	 




	24,721




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	26,771




	 




	 




	 




	(13,854




	)




	 




	 




	(6,514




	)






	Cash settlements received (paid) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	4,975




	 




	 




	 




	11,517




	 




	 




	 




	(2,712




	)






	Stock-based compensation




	 




	 




	68




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Acquisition related costs




	 




	 




	553




	 




	 




	 




	593




	 




	 




	 




	1,450




	 






	(Gain) loss on sale of properties




	 




	 




	43




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	1,667




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Initial public offering costs




	 




	 




	1,560




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Non-cash liability amortization




	 




	 




	(286




	)




	 




	 




	(760




	)




	 




	 




	(647




	)






	Total Adjusted EBITDAX




	 




	$




	84,317




	 




	 




	$




	55,858




	 




	 




	$




	21,277




	 







	 


	 


	F - 29






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Major Customers



	 






	Major Customers




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. and subsidiaries




	 




	 




	63%




	 




	 




	 




	36%




	 




	 




	 




	10%




	 






	Royal Dutch Shell plc and subsidiaries




	 




	 




	12%




	 




	 




	 




	20%




	 




	 




	 




	41%




	 






	Cima Energy LTD




	 




	 




	15%




	 




	 




	 




	16%




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	BP Corporation North America




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	31%




	 







	 








	Note 16. Income Taxes


	The components of income tax benefit (expense) are as follows:


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Current income taxes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Federal




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	(31




	)






	State




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(31




	)






	Deferred income taxes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Federal




	 




	 




	5,737




	 




	 




	 




	77




	 




	 




	 




	156




	 






	State




	 




	 




	(162




	)




	 




	 




	(681




	)




	 




	 




	33




	 






	Total deferred income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	5,575




	 




	 




	 




	(604




	)




	 




	 




	189




	 






	Total income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	$




	5,575




	 




	 




	$




	(604




	)




	 




	$




	158




	 







	The actual income tax benefit (expense) differs from the expected amount computed by applying the federal statutory corporate tax rate of 35% as follows:


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Expected tax benefit (expense) ad federal statutory rate




	 




	$




	18,428




	 




	 




	$




	11,353




	 




	 




	$




	5,108




	 






	State income tax benefit (expense), net of federal benefit




	 




	 




	(105




	)




	 




	 




	(680




	)




	 




	 




	32




	 






	Pass-through entities (1)




	 




	 




	(12,499




	)




	 




	 




	(11,315




	)




	 




	 




	(5,010




	)






	Valuation allowance




	 




	 




	(234




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Other




	 




	 




	(15




	)




	 




	 




	38




	 




	 




	 




	28




	 






	Total income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	$




	5,575




	 




	 




	$




	(604




	)




	 




	$




	158




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	Our predecessor was a pass-through entity for federal income tax purposes.






	F - 30






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	The components of net deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:



	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Deferred income tax assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Tax carryovers




	 




	$




	2,597




	 




	 




	$




	60




	 






	Asset retirement obligation




	 




	 




	4,083




	 




	 




	 




	8




	 






	Derivatives




	 




	 




	8,184




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Other




	 




	 




	870




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total deferred income tax assets




	 




	 




	15,734




	 




	 




	 




	68




	 






	Valuation allowance




	 




	 




	232




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Net deferred income tax assets




	 




	 




	15,502




	 




	 




	 




	68




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Deferred income tax liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Property, plant and equipment




	 




	 




	127,835




	 




	 




	 




	882




	 






	Derivatives




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	25




	 






	Other




	 




	 




	219




	 




	 




	 




	13




	 






	Total deferred income tax liabilities




	 




	 




	128,054




	 




	 




	 




	920




	 






	Net deferred income tax liabilities




	 




	$




	112,552




	 




	 




	$




	852




	 







	The Company recorded a deferred tax liability of approximately $117.3 million through stockholders’ equity in connection with its initial public offering and the related restructuring transactions. The tax basis of its assets and liabilities was unchanged as a result of its initial public offering and the related restructuring transactions, which is reported as a transaction among stockholders for financial reporting purposes.


	Uncertain Income Tax Position.

	  The Company must recognize the tax effects of any uncertain tax positions it may adopt, if the position taken by us is more likely than not sustainable based on its technical merits.  For those benefits to be recognized, an income tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2016 and expects no significant change to the unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months ending December 31, 2017.



	Tax Audits and Settlements.

	  Generally, the Company's income tax years 2013 through 2016 remain open and subject to examination by Federal tax authorities or the tax authorities in Louisiana and Texas and certain other small state taxing jurisdictions where the Company conducts operations. In certain jurisdictions the Company operates through more than one legal entity, each of which may have different open years subject to examination.



	Tax Attribute Carryforwards and Valuation Allowance.

	  As of December 31, 2016, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $6.5 million, which would expire in 2036.  The Company also had state tax carryforwards of approximately $2.0 million, which would expire in 2036. A valuation allowance of $0.2 million was established on pre-contribution tax attributes based upon management’s evaluation that the attributes will not be fully realized.







	Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies


	Litigation & Environmental


	We are party to various ongoing and threatened legal actions relating to our entitled ownership interests in certain properties. We evaluate the merits of existing and potential claims and accrue a liability for any that meet the recognition criteria and can be reasonably estimated. We did not recognize any liability as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. Our estimates are based on information known about the matters and the input of attorneys experienced in contesting, litigating, and settling similar matters. Actual amounts could differ from our estimates and other claims could be asserted.


	From time to time, we could be liable for environmental claims arising in the ordinary course of business. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, no environmental obligations were recognized.


	F - 31




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Transportation



	WHR II was assigned a firm gas transportation service agreement with Regency Intrastate Gas LLC (the “Transporter”) as a result of our property acquisition on August 8, 2013. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to pay total daily transportation fees not to exceed $0.30 per MMBtu per day for quantities of 40,000 MMBtu per day to the Transporter until March 5, 2019.


	Our minimum commitments to the Transporter as of December 31, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):


	 






	2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 






	$




	4,380




	 




	 




	$




	4,380




	 




	 




	$




	768




	 






	Lease Obligations


	We currently lease corporate office space through May 31, 2021. Total general and administrative rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.9 million, $0.8 million and $0.4 million, respectively. WHRM entered into the office lease agreement in 2013 that has escalating payments between July 2014 and May 2021. The average annual lease payment is $1.2 million over the life of the lease.


	We have entered into drilling services agreements with varying terms. We have entered into compressor and equipment rental agreements with various terms. The compressor and equipment rental agreements expire at various times with the latest expiring in March 2017. Most of these agreements contain 30 day termination clauses. Total compressor and equipment rental expense incurred in 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.6 million, $1.0 million and $0.7 million, respectively.


	The table below reflects our minimum commitments as of December 31, 2016:


	 








	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 




	 




	2020




	 




	 




	Thereafter




	 






	Office Lease




	 




	$




	1,235




	 




	 




	$




	1,259




	 




	 




	$




	1,282




	 




	 




	$




	1,306




	 




	 




	$




	548




	 






	Compressor and Equipment




	 




	 




	1,599




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	2,834




	 




	 




	$




	1,259




	 




	 




	$




	1,282




	 




	 




	$




	1,306




	 




	 




	$




	548




	 







	 








	Note 18. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


	The following tables present selected quarterly financial data for the periods indicated. Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented and the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not necessarily equal the total for the year.


	 






	 




	 




	First


	Quarter




	 




	 




	Second


	Quarter




	 




	 




	Third


	Quarter




	 




	 




	Fourth


	Quarter




	 






	For the Year Ended December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Revenues




	 




	$




	25,127




	 




	 




	$




	29,715




	 




	 




	$




	33,239




	 




	 




	$




	39,261




	 






	Operating income (loss)




	 




	 




	(15,005




	)




	 




	 




	(704




	)




	 




	 




	1,457




	 




	 




	 




	(1,976




	)






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(14,216




	)




	 




	 




	(18,281




	)




	 




	 




	3,057




	 




	 




	 




	(17,636




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to predecessor




	 




	 




	(11,699




	)




	 




	 




	(13,016




	)




	 




	 




	(2,104




	)




	 




	 




	(7,179




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to previous owner




	 




	 




	(2,517




	)




	 




	 




	(5,265




	)




	 




	 




	5,161




	 




	 




	 




	(60




	)






	Net income (loss) available to common stockholders




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	(10,397




	)






	Basic earnings per share




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)






	Diluted earnings per share




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	$




	(0.11




	)






	For the Year Ended December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Revenues




	 




	$




	11,472




	 




	 




	$




	21,238




	 




	 




	$




	25,416




	 




	 




	$




	28,209




	 






	Operating income (loss)




	 




	 




	(5,334




	)




	 




	 




	(16,502




	)




	 




	 




	(7,501




	)




	 




	 




	(9,863




	)






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(4,217




	)




	 




	 




	(18,649




	)




	 




	 




	(4,712




	)




	 




	 




	(5,462




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to predecessor




	 




	 




	(2,653




	)




	 




	 




	(18,396




	)




	 




	 




	(4,041




	)




	 




	 




	(4,865




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to previous owner




	 




	 




	(1,564




	)




	 




	 




	(253




	)




	 




	 




	(671




	)




	 




	 




	(597




	)







	 


	F - 32




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 









	Note 19. Supplemental Oil and


	Gas Information (Unaudited)



	Oil and Natural Gas Reserves


	Users of this information should be aware that the process of estimating quantities of “proved” and “proved developed” oil and natural gas reserves is very complex, requiring significant subjective decisions in the evaluation of all available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. The data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions. As a result, revisions to existing reserve estimates may occur from time to time. Although every reasonable effort is made to ensure reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various reservoirs make these estimates generally less precise than other estimates included in the financial statement disclosures.


	Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas that by analysis of geoscience and engineering data can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible — from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations — prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.


	Proved reserves are, with respect to WHR II, prepared by WHR II and audited by Cawley, its independent reserve engineer. With respect to Esquisto, the proved reserves were prepared by Cawley, its independent reserve engineer, for 2015.  Esquisto’s proved reserves for 2016 were internally prepared and audited by Cawley.  All proved reserves are located in the United States and all prices are held constant in accordance with SEC rules.


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Oil ($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	West Texas Intermediate (1)




	 




	$




	42.75




	 




	 




	$




	46.79




	 




	 




	$




	91.48




	 






	NGL ($/Bbl)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	West Texas Intermediate (1)




	 




	$




	42.75




	 




	 




	$




	46.79




	 




	 




	$




	91.48




	 






	Natural Gas ($/Mmbtu)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Henry Hub (2)




	 




	$




	2.48




	 




	 




	$




	2.59




	 




	 




	$




	4.35




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	The unweighted average West Texas Intermediate price was adjusted by lease for quality, transportation fees, and a regional price differential.










	 





	(2)





	The unweighted average Henry Hub price was adjusted by lease for energy content, compression charges, transportation fees, and regional price differentials.






	F - 33






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	The following tables set forth estimates of the net reserves as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively:



	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31, 2016




	 






	 




	 




	Oil


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Gas


	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	NGL


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Equivalent


	(MBoe)




	 






	Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of the year




	 




	 




	36,650




	 




	 




	 




	344,959




	 




	 




	 




	8,897




	 




	 




	 




	103,040




	 






	Extensions, discoveries and additions




	 




	 




	18,870




	 




	 




	 




	32,782




	 




	 




	 




	2,606




	 




	 




	 




	26,940




	 






	Purchase of minerals in place




	 




	 




	26,835




	 




	 




	 




	13,545




	 




	 




	 




	1,823




	 




	 




	 




	30,916




	 






	Production




	 




	 




	(1,848




	)




	 




	 




	(17,820




	)




	 




	 




	(471




	)




	 




	 




	(5,289




	)






	Revision of previous estimates




	 




	 




	6,940




	 




	 




	 




	(48,364




	)




	 




	 




	(1,981




	)




	 




	 




	(3,102




	)






	End of year




	 




	 




	87,447




	 




	 




	 




	325,102




	 




	 




	 




	10,874




	 




	 




	 




	152,505




	 






	Proved developed reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	7,503




	 




	 




	 




	142,990




	 




	 




	 




	2,235




	 




	 




	 




	33,570




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	19,192




	 




	 




	 




	145,880




	 




	 




	 




	3,765




	 




	 




	 




	47,270




	 






	Proved undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	29,147




	 




	 




	 




	201,969




	 




	 




	 




	6,662




	 




	 




	 




	69,470




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	68,255




	 




	 




	 




	179,222




	 




	 




	 




	7,109




	 




	 




	 




	105,235




	 







	 


	 








	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31, 2015




	 






	 




	 




	Oil


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Gas


	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	NGL


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Equivalent


	(MBoe)




	 






	Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of the year




	 




	 




	222




	 




	 




	 




	249,787




	 




	 




	 




	324




	 




	 




	 




	42,177




	 






	Balance at inception of common control (February 17, 2015)




	 




	 




	7,400




	 




	 




	 




	6,183




	 




	 




	 




	1,637




	 




	 




	 




	10,068




	 






	Extensions, discoveries and additions




	 




	 




	27,598




	 




	 




	 




	143,338




	 




	 




	 




	5,976




	 




	 




	 




	57,464




	 






	Purchase of minerals in place




	 




	 




	1,972




	 




	 




	 




	4,296




	 




	 




	 




	710




	 




	 




	 




	3,398




	 






	Production




	 




	 




	(968




	)




	 




	 




	(14,847




	)




	 




	 




	(351




	)




	 




	 




	(3,794




	)






	Revision of previous estimates




	 




	 




	426




	 




	 




	 




	(43,798




	)




	 




	 




	601




	 




	 




	 




	(6,273




	)






	End of year




	 




	 




	36,650




	 




	 




	 




	344,959




	 




	 




	 




	8,897




	 




	 




	 




	103,040




	 






	Proved developed reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	222




	 




	 




	 




	122,780




	 




	 




	 




	324




	 




	 




	 




	21,009




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	7,503




	 




	 




	 




	142,990




	 




	 




	 




	2,235




	 




	 




	 




	33,570




	 






	Proved undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	127,007




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	21,168




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	29,147




	 




	 




	 




	201,969




	 




	 




	 




	6,662




	 




	 




	 




	69,470




	 






	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31, 2014




	 






	 




	 




	Oil


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Gas


	(MMcf)




	 




	 




	NGL


	(MBbls)




	 




	 




	Equivalent


	(MBoe)




	 






	Proved developed and undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of the year




	 




	 




	175




	 




	 




	 




	210,293




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	35,224




	 






	Extensions and discoveries




	 




	 




	63




	 




	 




	 




	4,318




	 




	 




	 




	573




	 




	 




	 




	1,356




	 






	Purchase of minerals in place




	 




	 




	17




	 




	 




	 




	13,684




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	2,298




	 






	Production




	 




	 




	(31




	)




	 




	 




	(9,388




	)




	 




	 




	(41




	)




	 




	 




	(1,637




	)






	Revision of previous estimates




	 




	 




	(2




	)




	 




	 




	30,880




	 




	 




	 




	(208




	)




	 




	 




	4,936




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	222




	 




	 




	 




	249,787




	 




	 




	 




	324




	 




	 




	 




	42,177




	 






	Proved developed reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	175




	 




	 




	 




	97,734




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	16,464




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	222




	 




	 




	 




	122,780




	 




	 




	 




	324




	 




	 




	 




	21,009




	 






	Proved undeveloped reserves:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	112,559




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	18,760




	 






	End of year




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	127,007




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	21,168




	 







	F - 34




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Noteworthy amounts included in the categories of proved reserve changes in the above tables include:







	 





	•






	During 2016, extensions, discoveries and additions increased proved reserves by 4,131 MBoe and 22,809 MBoe related to drilling in the RCT field in Louisiana and Eagle Ford, respectively.











	 





	•






	During 2016, purchase of minerals in place of 30,916 MBoe was primarily attributable to the Burleson North Acquisition.











	 





	•






	During 2016, we had downward revisions of proved reserves of 3,102 MBoe, of which 711 MBoe related to commodity price changes and 2,391 MBoe was performance related.











	 





	•






	During 2015, extensions, discoveries and additions increased proved reserves by 20,881 MBoe related to drilling in the RCT field in Louisiana by our predecessor.  For the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, extensions and discoveries increased proved reserves by 36,583 MBoe related to drilling in the Eagle Ford horizons in Burleson County, Texas by the previous owner.











	 





	•






	For the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, purchase of minerals in place by the previous owner of 3,398 MBoe was primarily attributable to the producing wells acquired from a subsidiary of Comstock Resources, Inc. in July 2015.











	 





	•






	During 2015, our predecessor had downward revisions of proved reserves of 7,450 MBoe, of which 3,410 MBoe related to commodity price changes and 4,040 MBoe related to downward revisions resulting from technical changes.  For the period from February 17, 2015 to December 31, 2015, revisions of previous estimates attributable to the previous owner were primarily due to operational efficiencies gained through increased experience in the Eagle Ford area (increase of approximately 1,315 MBoe) partially offset by decreased commodity prices which decreased the useful lives of the wells, decreasing ultimate reserves recovered (decrease of approximately 139 MBoe).











	 





	•






	During 2014, extensions, discoveries and additions increased proved reserves by 1,356 MBoe related to drilling two horizontal wells in East Texas by our predecessor.











	 





	•






	During 2014, our predecessor acquired 2,298 MBoe of proved reserves, of which 1,888 MBoe was for non-core properties acquired in East Texas and 410 MBoe was a result of leaseholds acquired in the RCT field in Louisiana.











	 





	•






	During 2014, our predecessor had upward performance revisions to total proved reserves of 4,937 MBoe, of which 3,043 MBoe related to gas processing, 1,405 MBoe related to lease operating expense reductions and 517 MBoe related to changes in commodity prices, partially offset by a reduction of 28 MBoe due to changes in ownership interest.







	See Note 3 for additional information on acquisitions and divestitures.


	A variety of methodologies are used to determine our proved reserve estimates. The principal methodologies employed are reservoir simulation, decline curve analysis, volumetric, material balance, advance production type curve matching, petro-physics/log analysis and analogy. Some combination of these methods is used to determine reserve estimates in substantially all of our fields.


	Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows from Proved Reserves


	As required by the FASB and SEC, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows presented below is computed by applying first-day-of-the-month average prices, year-end costs and legislated tax rates and a discount factor of 10 percent to proved reserves. We do not believe the standardized measure provides a reliable estimate of the Company’s expected future cash flows to be obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its proved oil and gas reserves. The standardized measure is prepared on the basis of certain prescribed assumptions including first-day-of-the-month average prices, which represent discrete points in time and therefore may cause significant variability in cash flows from year to year as prices change.


	F - 35






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is as follows:



	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Future cash inflows




	 




	$




	4,434,117




	 




	 




	$




	2,851,021




	 




	 




	$




	1,167,732




	 






	Future production costs




	 




	 




	(1,220,067




	)




	 




	 




	(866,253




	)




	 




	 




	(420,781




	)






	Future development costs




	 




	 




	(1,146,632




	)




	 




	 




	(741,798




	)




	 




	 




	(147,809




	)






	Future income tax expense




	 




	 




	(442,285




	)




	 




	 




	(216




	)




	 




	 




	(563




	)






	Future net cash flows for estimated timing of cash flows




	 




	 




	1,625,133




	 




	 




	 




	1,242,754




	 




	 




	 




	598,579




	 






	10% annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows




	 




	 




	(1,082,092




	)




	 




	 




	(790,824




	)




	 




	 




	(368,680




	)






	Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows




	 




	$




	543,041




	 




	 




	$




	451,930




	 




	 




	$




	229,899




	 









	Changes in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Reserves


	The following is a summary of the changes in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for the proved oil and natural gas reserves during each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2016:


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Beginning of year




	 




	$




	451,930




	 




	 




	$




	229,899




	 




	 




	$




	165,181




	 






	Balance at inception of common control (February 17, 2015)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	215,544




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Sale of oil and natural gas produced, net of production costs




	 




	 




	(104,596




	)




	 




	 




	(60,640




	)




	 




	 




	(29,498




	)






	Purchase of minerals in place




	 




	 




	188,317




	 




	 




	 




	69,258




	 




	 




	 




	14,587




	 






	Extensions and discoveries




	 




	 




	168,796




	 




	 




	 




	261,728




	 




	 




	 




	20,195




	 






	Changes in income taxes, net




	 




	 




	(206,817




	)




	 




	 




	171




	 




	 




	 




	(266




	)






	Changes in prices and costs




	 




	 




	(57,034




	)




	 




	 




	(193,130




	)




	 




	 




	19,683




	 






	Previously estimated development costs incurred




	 




	 




	15,067




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	190




	 






	Net changes in future development costs




	 




	 




	11,985




	 




	 




	 




	1,646




	 




	 




	 




	(3,194




	)






	Revisions of previous quantities




	 




	 




	3,943




	 




	 




	 




	9,827




	 




	 




	 




	26,945




	 






	Accretion of discount




	 




	 




	103,000




	 




	 




	 




	41,859




	 




	 




	 




	16,522




	 






	Change in production rates and other




	 




	 




	(31,550




	)




	 




	 




	(124,232




	)




	 




	 




	(446




	)






	End of year




	 




	$




	543,041




	 




	 




	$




	451,930




	 




	 




	$




	229,899




	 









	Capitalized Costs Relating to Oil and Natural Gas Producing Activities


	The total amount of capitalized costs relating to oil and natural gas producing activities and the total amount of related accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization is as follows at the dates indicated.


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Evaluated oil and natural gas properties




	 




	$




	1,144,857




	 




	 




	$




	732,479




	 




	 




	$




	247,482




	 






	Unevaluated oil and natural gas properties




	 




	 




	428,991




	 




	 




	 




	251,493




	 




	 




	 




	80,058




	 






	Accumulated depletion, depreciation and amortization




	 




	 




	(196,567




	)




	 




	 




	(117,030




	)




	 




	 




	(43,539




	)






	Total




	 




	$




	1,377,281




	 




	 




	$




	866,942




	 




	 




	$




	284,001




	 







	F - 36






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Costs Incurred in Oil and Natural Gas Property Acquisition, Exploration and Development Activities



	Costs incurred in property acquisition, exploration and development activities were as follows for the periods indicated:


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	2014




	 






	Property acquisition costs, proved




	 




	$




	230,910




	 




	 




	$




	92,010




	 




	 




	$




	21,337




	 






	Property acquisition costs, unproved




	 




	 




	235,652




	 




	 




	 




	176,832




	 




	 




	 




	69,729




	 






	Exploration and extension well costs




	 




	 




	72,875




	 




	 




	 




	132,138




	 




	 




	 




	12,731




	 






	Development




	 




	 




	63,006




	 




	 




	 




	107,651




	 




	 




	 




	28,253




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	602,443




	 




	 




	$




	508,631




	 




	 




	$




	132,050




	 







	 








	Note 20. Subsequent Events


	Eagle Ford Acquisitions


	In February 2017, we announced multiple transactions to acquire certain oil and natural gas producing and non-producing properties from third-parties in Burleson County, TX for an aggregate price of approximately $15.6 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.  One transaction closed in February 2017 and the remaining transactions are expected to close in April 2017.


	2025 Senior Notes Offering


	On February 1, 2017, we completed our private placement of $350 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.875% Senior Notes due 2025.  The 2025 Senior Notes were issued at a price of 99.244% of par and resulted in net proceeds of approximately $340.4 million.  The 2025 Senior Notes will mature on February 1, 2025 and interest is payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year.  We intend to use the net proceeds from the 2025 Senior Notes offering to repay borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.


	We may redeem all or any part of the 2025 Senior Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, at any time before February 1, 2020.  We may also redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes prior to February 1, 2020 in an amount not greater than that net cash proceeds from one or more equity offerings at a redemption price of 106.875% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


	Registration Rights Agreement


	In connection with the issuance and sale of the 2025 Senior Notes, the Company and our subsidiary guarantors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) with a representative of the initial purchasers of the 2025 Senior Notes, dated February 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, we agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC so that holders of the 2025 Senior Notes can exchange the 2025 Senior Notes for registered notes that have substantially identical terms. In addition, we have agreed to exchange the guarantees related to the 2025 Senior Notes for registered guarantees having substantially the same terms as the original guarantees. The Company and the Guarantors will use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the exchange to be consummated within 365 days after the issuance of the Notes. The Company and the Guarantors are required to pay additional interest if they fail to comply with their obligations to register the Notes within the specified time periods.


	Option Exercise


	On January 17, 2017, we also issued and sold 2,297,100 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $15.00 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option associated with our initial public offering the “Option Exercise”). We received net proceeds of $32.6 million from the Option Exercise, all of which was used to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.


	 


	 


	F - 37




	 





	 









	Exhibit


	Number




	 




	Description






	 




	 




	 






	2.1




	 




	Master Contribution Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	3.1




	 




	Amended and Restated Certification of Incorporation of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	3.2




	 




	Amended and Restated Bylaws of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, effective December 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	4.1




	 




	Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	4.2




	 




	Form of 6.875% Senior Note due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	4.3




	 




	Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	10.1




	 




	Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.2




	 




	Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.3




	 




	Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the other parties party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.4




	 




	Transition Services Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, CH4 Energy IV, LLC, PetroMax Operating Co., Inc. and Crossing Rocks Energy, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.5




	 




	Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WHR Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.6




	 




	Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.7




	 




	Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.8




	 




	Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of WHE AcqCo. Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.9#




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.10#




	 




	Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-214569) filed on November 23, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.11#




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 





	 








	Exhibit


	Number




	 




	Description









	10.12#





	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Jay C. Graham (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.13#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Anthony Bahr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.14#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Andrew J. Cozby (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.15#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Steve Habachy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.16#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Kyle N. Roane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.17#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Richard D. Brannon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.18#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Scott A. Gieselman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.19#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and David W. Hayes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.20#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Tony R. Weber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.21#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Jonathan M. Clarkson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	10.22#




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Grant E. Sims (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	21.1*




	 




	Subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.






	 




	 




	 






	23.1*




	 




	Consent of KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm.






	 




	 




	 






	23.2*




	 




	Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm.






	 




	 




	 






	23.3*




	 




	Consent of Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc.






	 




	 




	 






	31.1*




	 




	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.






	 




	 




	 






	31.2*




	 




	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.






	 




	 




	 






	32.1*




	 




	Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	 





	 








	Exhibit


	Number




	 




	Description









	99.1*





	 




	Report of Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc.






	 




	 




	 






	99.2*




	 




	Report of Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc.







	 







	*





	Filed or furnished as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.











	#





	Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.








	 


	 










	Exhibit 21.1


	 


	SUBSIDIARIES OF WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 












	Name




	Jurisdiction






	WildHorse Resource II, LLC




	Delaware






	WildHorse Resources Management Company, LLC




	Delaware






	Oakfield Energy LLC




	Delaware






	WHE AcqCo., LLC




	Delaware






	Esquisto Resources II, LLC




	Texas






	Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC




	Texas






	Burleson Water Resources, LLC




	Texas







	 








	Exhibit 23.1




	CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


	 


	The Board of Directors and Stockholders

	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation:


	We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-215124) on Form S-8 of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation of our report dated March 31, 2017, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation as of December 31, 2016, the consolidated and combined balance sheet of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated and combined statements of operations, cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, which report appears in the December 31, 2016 annual report on Form 10-K of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.


	/s/ KPMG LLP


	Houston, TX

	March 31, 2017



	 








	Exhibit 23.2




	CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


	 


	The Board of Directors and Shareholders of


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	 


	We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215124) pertaining to the WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan of our report dated March 28, 2017, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Esquisto Resources II, LLC and Subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2015.


	/s/ ERNST & YOUNG


	Dallas, Texas

	March 28, 2017



	 








	Exhibit 23.3





	CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PETROLEUM ENGINEERS AND GEOLOGISTS



	 


	We hereby consent to the inclusion in or incorporation by reference into (1) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-215124) (including any amendments or supplements thereto, related appendices, and financial statements) of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the "Registration Statement")  and (2) the 2016 annual report on Form 10-K (the "Annual Report") of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation of (a) our report, dated January 25, 2017, with respect to our audit of estimates of proved reserves and future net revenues as of December 31, 2016 for WildHorse Resources II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and (b) our report, dated January 26, 2017, with respect to our audit of estimates of proved reserves and future net revenues as of December 31, 2016 for Esquisto Resources II, LLC, WHE AcqCo., LLC, and Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC, all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation. We also hereby consent to all references to our firm or such reports included in or incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement and Annual Report.


	Very truly yours,


	 












	/s/ W. Todd Brooker, P.E.




	[Seal]






	 










	W. Todd Brooker, P.E.






	Senior Vice President






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates






	Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-693






	 






	Austin, Texas 






	March 31, 2017 







	 


	 


	 








	Exhibit 31.1




	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)


	OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED


	I, Jay C. Graham, certify that:






	1.




	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “registrant”);






	 






	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






	 






	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;






	 






	4.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:






	 






	 




	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






	 






	 




	b.




	[Omitted];






	 






	 




	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






	 






	 




	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and






	 






	5.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






	 






	 




	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and






	 






	 




	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.






	 






	Date:  March 31, 2017




	 




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation







	 








	Exhibit 31.2




	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)


	OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED


	I, Andrew J. Cozby, certify that:






	1.




	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “registrant”);






	 






	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






	 






	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;






	 






	4.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:






	 






	 




	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






	 






	 




	b.




	[Omitted];






	 






	 




	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






	 






	 




	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and






	 






	5.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






	 






	 




	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and






	 






	 




	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.






	 






	Date:  March 31, 2017




	 




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer






	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation







	 








	Exhibit 32.1




	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO


	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


	In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Company”), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned, Jay C. Graham, Chief Executive Officer of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Andrew J. Cozby, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge:






	 




	(1)




	the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and






	 






	 




	(2)




	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






	 






	 




	 






	Date:  March 31, 2017




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 




	 






	Date:  March 31, 2017




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer






	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 


	The foregoing certifications are being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, are not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.



	 








	 




	Exhibit 99.1


	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.


	petroleum consultants






	13640 BRIARWICK DRIVE, SUITE 100




	306 WEST SEVENTH STREET, SUITE 302




	1000 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 1900






	AUSTIN, TEXAS 78729-1707




	FORT WORTH, TEXAS 76102-4905




	HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-5017






	512-249-7000




	817- 336-2461




	713-651-9944






	 




	www.cgaus.com




	 







	January 25, 2017


	Mr. Jason Pearce


	Senior Vice President, Reserves


	WildHorse Resource Development Corp.


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	 






	Re:




	 




	Reserve Audit – SEC Pricing




	 






	 




	 




	WildHorse Resources II, LLC Interests




	 






	 




	 




	Proved Reserves




	 






	 




	 




	As of December 31, 2016




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Pursuant to the Guidelines of the




	 






	 




	 




	Securities and Exchange Commission for




	 






	 




	 




	Reporting Corporate Reserves and




	 






	 




	 




	Future Net Revenue




	 






	Dear Mr. Pearce:


	At your request, Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. (“CG&A”) prepared this report on January 25, 2017 for WildHorse Resources II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (“WildHorse”) for the purpose of confirming WildHorse’s in-house reserve estimates and economic forecasts attributable to the subject interests.  CG&A audited over 90% of WildHorse’s estimated reserves, which are located in various gas and oil properties in Louisiana, Texas and Arkansas. This report was prepared for public disclosure by WildHorse or its affiliates in filings made with the SEC in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in the SEC regulations.  This evaluation, effective December 31, 2016, was prepared using constant prices and costs, and conforms to Item 1202(a)(8) of Regulation S-K and other rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  A composite summary of the results of this audit are presented in the table below with respect to proved reserves of the interests of WildHorse:


	 








	 




	 




	 




	 




	Proved


	Developed


	Producing




	 




	 




	Proved


	Developed


	Non-Producing




	 




	 




	Proved


	Undeveloped




	 




	 




	Total


	Proved




	 






	Net Reserves




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil




	 




	- Mbbl




	 




	 




	350.2




	 




	 




	 




	9.0




	 




	 




	 




	368.5




	 




	 




	 




	727.7




	 






	Gas




	 




	- MMcf




	 




	 




	117,323.1




	 




	 




	 




	9,027.1




	 




	 




	 




	153,628.4




	 




	 




	 




	279,978.7




	 






	NGL




	 




	- Mbbl




	 




	 




	454.2




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	454.2




	 






	Net Revenue




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	13,688.1




	 




	 




	 




	351.1




	 




	 




	 




	14,393.6




	 




	 




	 




	28,432.8




	 






	Gas




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	295,723.4




	 




	 




	 




	23,021.0




	 




	 




	 




	389,672.6




	 




	 




	 




	708,417.1




	 






	NGL




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	6,255.9




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	6,255.9




	 






	Severance Taxes




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	7,945.7




	 




	 




	 




	487.4




	 




	 




	 




	13,004.7




	 




	 




	 




	21,437.7




	 






	Ad Valorem Taxes




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	9,235.9




	 




	 




	 




	739.2




	 




	 




	 




	12,631.3




	 




	 




	 




	22,606.3




	 






	Operating Expenses




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	89,713.3




	 




	 




	 




	2,055.4




	 




	 




	 




	10,887.7




	 




	 




	 




	102,656.5




	 






	3

	rd

	Party COPAS




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	3,702.6




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	3,702.6




	 






	Other Deductions




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	80,234.5




	 




	 




	 




	6,123.5




	 




	 




	 




	103,941.9




	 




	 




	 




	190,299.8




	 






	Investments




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	8,631.2




	 




	 




	 




	7,604.8




	 




	 




	 




	89,850.5




	 




	 




	 




	106,086.6




	 






	Future Net Cash Flow




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	116,204.3




	 




	 




	 




	6,361.8




	 




	 




	 




	173,750.2




	 




	 




	 




	296,316.2




	 






	Discounted @ 10%




	 




	- M$




	 




	 




	72,176.7




	 




	 




	 




	3,507.9




	 




	 




	 




	47,905.2




	 




	 




	 




	123,589.9




	 







	 




	Future revenue is prior to deducting state production taxes and ad valorem taxes.  Future net cash flow is after deducting these taxes, future capital costs and operating expenses, but before consideration of federal income taxes.  In accordance with SEC


	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation – SEC Pricing


	January 25, 2017


	Page 2


	 



	guidelines, the future net cash flow has been discounted at an annual rate of ten percent to determine its “present worth”.  The present worth is shown to indicate the effect of time on the value of money and should not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.




	Hydrocarbon Pricing



	In this audit, the base oil and gas prices calculated for December 31, 2016 were $42.75/BBL and $2.481/MMBTU, respectively. As specified by the SEC, a company must use a 12-month average price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period. The base oil price is based upon WTI-Cushing spot prices during 2016 and the base gas price is based upon Henry Hub spot prices during 2016. Prices were not escalated.


	The base prices were adjusted for differentials on a by area basis, which may include local basis differentials, transportation, gas shrinkage, gas heating value (BTU content) and/or crude quality and gravity corrections. After these adjustments, the net realized prices for the SEC price case over the life of the proved properties was estimated to be $39.07 per barrel of oil, $2.530 per MCF of gas and $13.77 per barrel of NGL.  All economic factors were held constant in accordance with SEC guidelines.



	Economic Parameters



	Ownership was accepted as furnished and has not been independently confirmed. Oil and gas price differentials, gas shrinkage, ad valorem taxes, lease operating expenses and investments were calculated and prepared by WildHorse and were accepted as furnished.  All economic parameters, including lease operating expenses and investments, were held constant (not escalated) throughout the life of these properties.



	Possible Effects of Federal and State Legislation



	Federal, state and local laws and regulations, which are currently in effect and that govern the development and production of oil and natural gas, have been considered in the evaluation of proved reserves for this report. However, the impact of possible changes to legislation or regulations to future operating expenses and investment costs have not been included in the evaluation. These possible changes could have an effect on the reserves and economics. However, we do not anticipate nor are we aware of any legislative changes or restrictive regulatory actions that may impact the recovery of reserves.



	SEC Conformance and Regulations



	The reserve classifications and the economic considerations used herein for the SEC pricing scenario conform to the criteria of the SEC as defined in pages 3 and 4 of the Appendix. The reserves and economics are predicated on regulatory agency classifications, rules, policies, laws, taxes and royalties currently in effect except as noted herein.  The possible effects of changes in legislation or other Federal or State restrictive actions which could affect the reserves and economics have not been considered.  However, we do not anticipate nor are we aware of any legislative changes or restrictive regulatory actions that may impact the recovery of reserves.



	Reserve Estimation Methods



	The methods employed in estimating reserves are described in page 2 of the Appendix.  Reserves for proved developed producing wells were estimated using production performance methods for the vast majority of properties. Certain new producing properties with very little production history were forecast using a combination of production performance and analogy to offset production, both of which are considered to provide a relatively high degree of accuracy.


	Non-producing reserve estimates, for both developed and undeveloped properties, were forecast using either volumetric or analogy methods, or a combination of both.  These methods provide a relatively high degree of accuracy for predicting proved developed non-producing and proved undeveloped reserves for WildHorse’s properties. The assumptions, data, methods and procedures used herein are appropriate for the purpose served by this report.



	General Discussion



	Please be advised that, based upon the foregoing, in our opinion the above-described estimates of the direct interests of WildHorse’s proved reserves are, in the aggregate, reasonable and have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted petroleum engineering and evaluation principles as set forth in the

	Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserve Information

	promulgated by the

	Society of Petroleum Engineers

	. In aggregate, CG&A reserve estimates are within 10% of WildHorse Resources’ in-house reserve estimates shown in the tables above for WildHorses’s properties.




	It should be understood that our above-described audit does not constitute a complete reserve study of the oil and gas properties of the direct interests of WildHorse Resources II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of WildHorse.  The estimates and


	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation – SEC Pricing


	January 25, 2017


	Page 3


	 



	forecasts were based upon interpretations of data furnished by WildHorse and available from our files.  All estimates represent our best judgment based on the data available at the time of preparation.  Due to inherent uncertainties in future production rates, commodity prices and geologic conditions, it should be realized that the reserve estimates, the reserves actually recovered, the revenue derived therefrom and the actual cost incurred could be more or less than the estimated amounts.



	An on-site field inspection of the properties has not been performed nor have the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and their related facilities been examined nor have the wells been tested by Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.  Possible environmental liability related to the properties has not been investigated or considered.   The estimated net cost of plugging and the salvage value of equipment at abandonment has been included.


	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. is a Texas Registered Engineering Firm (F-693), made up of independent registered professional engineers and geologists that have provided petroleum consulting services to the oil and gas industry for over 50 years.  The lead evaluator preparing this report was W. Todd Brooker, P.E., Senior Vice President at Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. and a State of Texas Licensed Professional Engineer (License #83462).  We do not own an interest in the properties or WildHorse and are not employed on a contingent basis.  We have used all methods and procedures that we consider necessary under the circumstances to prepare this report. Our work-papers and related data utilized in the preparation of these estimates are available in our office.


	This letter is for the use of WildHorse Resources II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of WildHorse.  This letter should not be used, circulated, or quoted for any other purpose without the express written consent of Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. or except as required by law.


	 






	 




	Yours very truly,






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	W. Todd Brooker, P.E.






	 




	Sr. Vice President






	 




	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.






	 




	Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-693






	 


	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	The four methods customarily employed in the estimation of reserves are (1) 

	production performance

	, (2) 

	material balance

	, (3) 

	volumetric

	 and (4) 

	analogy

	. Most estimates, although based primarily on one method, utilize other methods depending on the nature and extent of the data available and the characteristics of the reservoirs.


	Basic information includes production, pressure, geological and laboratory data. However, a large variation exists in the quality, quantity and types of information available on individual properties. Operators are generally required by regulatory authorities to file monthly production reports and 

	may

	 be required to measure and report periodically such data as well pressures, gas-oil ratios, well tests, etc. As a general rule, an operator has complete discretion in obtaining and/or making available geological and engineering data. The resulting lack of uniformity in data renders impossible the application of identical methods to all properties, and may result in significant differences in the accuracy and reliability of estimates.


	A brief discussion of each method, its basis, data requirements, applicability and generalization as to its relative degree of accuracy follows:



	Production performance


	. This method employs graphical analyses of production data on the premise that all factors which have controlled the performance to date will continue to control and that historical trends can be extrapolated to predict future performance. The only information required is production history. Capacity production can usually be analyzed from graphs of rates versus time or cumulative production. This procedure is referred to as “decline curve” analysis. Both capacity and restricted production can, in some cases, be analyzed from graphs of producing rate relationships of the various production components. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a relatively high degree of accuracy with the degree of accuracy increasing as production history accumulates.




	Material balance


	. This method employs the analysis of the relationship of production and pressure performance on the premise that the reservoir volume and its initial hydrocarbon content are fixed and that this initial hydrocarbon volume and recoveries therefrom can be estimated by analyzing changes in pressure with respect to production relationships. This method requires reliable pressure and temperature data, production data, fluid analyses and knowledge of the nature of the reservoir. The material balance method is applicable to all reservoirs, but the time and expense required for its use is dependent on the nature of the reservoir and its fluids. Reserves for depletion type reservoirs can be estimated from graphs of pressures corrected for compressibility versus cumulative production, requiring only data that are usually available. Estimates for other reservoir types require extensive data and involve complex calculations most suited to computer models which makes this method generally applicable only to reservoirs where there is economic justification for its use. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a degree of accuracy that is directly related to the complexity of the reservoir and the quality and quantity of data available.




	Volumetric


	. This method employs analyses of physical measurements of rock and fluid properties to calculate the volume of hydrocarbons in-place. The data required are well information sufficient to determine reservoir subsurface datum, thickness, storage volume, fluid



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 2




	  






	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	content and location. The volumetric method is most applicable to reservoirs which are not susceptible to analysis by production performance or material balance methods. These are most commonly newly developed and/or no-pressure depleting reservoirs. The amount of hydrocarbons in-place that can be recovered is not an integral part of the volumetric calculations but is an estimate inferred by other methods and a knowledge of the nature of the reservoir. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a low degree of accuracy; but the degree of accuracy can be relatively high where rock quality and subsurface control is good and the nature of the reservoir is uncomplicated.



	Analogy


	. This method which employs experience and judgment to estimate reserves, is based on observations of similar situations and includes consideration of theoretical performance. The analogy method is applicable where the data are insufficient or so inconclusive that reliable reserve estimates cannot be made by other methods. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a relatively low degree of accuracy.



	Much of the information used in the estimation of reserves is itself arrived at by the use of estimates. These estimates are subject to continuing change as additional information becomes available. Reserve estimates which presently appear to be correct may be found to contain substantial errors as time passes and new information is obtained about well and reservoir performance.


	The Securities and Exchange Commission, in SX Reg. 210.4-10 dated November 18, 1981, as amended on September 19, 1989 and January 1, 2010, requires adherence to the following definitions of oil and gas reserves:


	“(22)    

	Proved oil and gas reserves

	. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations— prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.


	“(i)    The area of a reservoir considered as proved includes: (A) The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and (B) Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data.


	“(ii)    In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 3




	  






	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	“(iii)    Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty.


	“(iv)    Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when: (A) Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based; and (B) The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities.


	“(v)    Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions.


	“(6)    

	Developed oil and gas reserves

	. Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


	“(i)    Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and


	“(ii)    Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.


	“(31)    

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves

	. Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


	“(i)    Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.


	“(ii)    Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances, justify a longer time.


	“(iii)    Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 4




	  






	 


	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.


	“(18)    

	Probable reserves

	. Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.


	“(i)    When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves estimates.


	“(ii)    Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.


	“(iii)    Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.


	“(iv)    See also guidelines in paragraphs (17)(iv) and (17)(vi) of this section (below).


	“(17)    

	Possible reserves

	. Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


	“(i)    When deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.


	“(ii)    Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will be in areas where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the reservoir by a defined project.


	“(iii)    Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.


	“(iv)    The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 5




	  






	 


	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	“(v)    Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore, and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.


	“(vi)    Pursuant to paragraph (22)(iii) of this section (above), where direct observation has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.”


	Instruction 4 of Item 2(b) of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K was revised January 1, 2010 to state that “a registrant engaged in oil and gas producing activities shall provide the information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S–K.” This is relevant in that Instruction 2 to paragraph (a)(2) states: “The registrant is permitted, 

	but not required

	, to disclose probable or possible reserves pursuant to paragraphs (a)(2)(iv) through (a)(2)(vii) of this Item.”


	“(26)    

	Reserves

	. Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project.


	“

	Note to paragraph (26)

	: Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).”


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 6




	  






	 


	 


	 








	 




	Exhibit 99.2


	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.


	petroleum consultants






	13640 BRIARWICK DRIVE, SUITE 100




	306 WEST SEVENTH STREET, SUITE 302




	1000 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 1900






	AUSTIN, TEXAS 78729-1707




	FORT WORTH, TEXAS 76102-4987




	HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-5008






	512-249-7000




	817- 336-2461




	713-651-9944






	 




	www.cgaus.com




	 







	 


	January 26, 2017


	Mr. Jason Pearce


	Senior Vice President, Reserves


	WildHorse Resource Development Corp.


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, TX 77024






	Re:




	 




	Reserve Audit – SEC Pricing




	 






	 




	 




	Esquisto Resources II, LLC Interests,




	 






	 




	 




	WHE AcqCo., LLC Interests &




	 






	 




	 




	Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC Interests




	 






	 




	 




	Total Proved Reserves




	 






	 




	 




	As of December 31, 2016




	 






	 




	 




	Pursuant to the Guidelines of the




	 






	 




	 




	Securities and Exchange Commission for




	 






	 




	 




	Reporting Corporate Reserves and




	 






	 




	 




	Future Net Revenue




	 






	Dear Mr. Pearce:


	At your request, Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. (“CG&A”) prepared this report on January 26, 2017 for Esquisto Resources II, LLC, WHE AcqCo., LLC, and Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (“WildHorse”) for the purpose of confirming WildHorse’s in-house reserve estimates and economic forecasts attributable to the subject interests.  CG&A audited 100% of the subject interests estimated reserves, which are located in various gas and oil properties in East Texas. This report was prepared for public disclosure by WildHorse or its affiliates in filings made with the SEC in accordance with the disclosure requirements set forth in the SEC regulations.  This evaluation, effective December 31, 2016, was prepared using constant prices and costs, and conforms to Item 1202(a)(8) of Regulation S-K and other rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).


	A composite summary of the results of this audit are presented in the table below with respect to the total proved reserves of the interests of WildHorse:


	 








	 




	 




	 




	 




	Proved




	 




	 




	Proved




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Developed




	 




	 




	Developed




	 




	 




	Proved




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Producing




	 




	 




	Non-Producing




	 




	 




	Undeveloped




	 




	 




	Proved




	 






	Net Reserves




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil




	 




	- Mbbl




	 




	 




	18,099.0




	 




	 




	734.3




	 




	 




	 




	67,886.6




	 




	 




	 




	86,719.9




	 






	Gas




	 




	- MMcf




	 




	 




	19,206.4




	 




	 




	323.8




	 




	 




	 




	25,593.7




	 




	 




	 




	45,123.9




	 






	NGL




	 




	- Mbbl




	 




	 




	3,220.1




	 




	 




	90.0




	 




	 




	 




	7,109.4




	 




	 




	 




	10,419.4




	 






	Net Revenue




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil




	 




	- M$




	 




	733,336.0




	 




	 




	 




	29,585.7




	 




	 




	 




	2,735,152.8




	 




	 




	 




	3,498,073.0




	 






	Gas




	 




	- M$




	 




	35,954.1




	 




	 




	559.0




	 




	 




	 




	44,176.8




	 




	 




	 




	80,689.8




	 






	NGL




	 




	- M$




	 




	34,690.3




	 




	 




	969.1




	 




	 




	 




	76,589.1




	 




	 




	 




	112,248.5




	 






	Severance Taxes




	 




	- M$




	 




	39,031.8




	 




	 




	 




	1,475.5




	 




	 




	 




	134,874.5




	 




	 




	 




	175,381.8




	 






	Ad Valorem Taxes




	 




	- M$




	 




	15,141.6




	 




	 




	563.7




	 




	 




	 




	51,754.3




	 




	 




	 




	67,459.6




	 






	Operating Expenses




	 




	- M$




	 




	226,196.7




	 




	 




	 




	4,164.3




	 




	 




	 




	373,653.5




	 




	 




	 




	604,014.3




	 






	3rd Party COPAS




	 




	- M$




	 




	6,582.4




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	0.0




	 




	 




	 




	6,582.4




	 






	Other Deductions




	 




	- M$




	 




	7,960.0




	 




	 




	198.0




	 




	 




	 




	17,768.6




	 




	 




	 




	25,926.8




	 






	Investments




	 




	- M$




	 




	17,431.3




	 




	 




	100.0




	 




	 




	 




	1,023,014.5




	 




	 




	 




	1,040,545.8




	 






	Future Net Cash Flow




	 




	- M$




	 




	491,636.6




	 




	 




	 




	24,612.2




	 




	 




	 




	1,254,852.5




	 




	 




	 




	1,771,101.9




	 






	Discounted @ 10%




	 




	- M$




	 




	289,012.7




	 




	 




	 




	15,057.5




	 




	 




	 




	322,328.1




	 




	 




	 




	626,398.3




	 






	 


	 





	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation – SEC Pricing


	January 26, 2017


	Page 2


	 





	Future revenue is prior to deducting state production taxes and ad valorem taxes.  Future net cash flow is after deducting these taxes, future capital costs and operating expenses, but before consideration of federal income taxes. In accordance with SEC guidelines, the future net cash flow has been discounted at an annual rate of ten percent to determine its “present worth”.  The present worth is shown to indicate the effect of time on the value of money and should not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.




	Hydrocarbon Pricing



	In this audit, the base oil and gas prices calculated for December 31, 2016 were $42.75/BBL and $2.481/MMBTU, respectively. As specified by the SEC, a company must use a 12-month average price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period. The base oil price is based upon WTI-Cushing spot prices during 2016 and the base gas price is based upon Henry Hub spot prices during 2016. Prices were not escalated.


	The base prices were adjusted for differentials on a by area basis, which may include local basis differentials, transportation, gas shrinkage, gas heating value (BTU content) and/or crude quality and gravity corrections. After these adjustments, the net realized prices for the SEC price case over the life of the proved properties was estimated to be $40.34 per barrel for oil, $10.77 per barrel for NGL, and $1.788 per MCF for gas.  All economic factors were held constant in accordance with SEC guidelines.



	Economic Parameters



	Ownership was accepted as furnished and has not been independently confirmed. Oil and gas price differentials, gas shrinkage, ad valorem taxes, lease operating expenses and investments were calculated and prepared by WildHorse and were accepted as furnished. All economic parameters, including lease operating expenses and investments, were held constant (not escalated) throughout the life of these properties.



	Possible Effects of Federal and State Legislation



	Federal, state and local laws and regulations, which are currently in effect and that govern the development and production of oil and natural gas, have been considered in the evaluation of proved reserves for this report. However, the impact of possible changes to legislation or regulations to future operating expenses and investment costs have not been included in the evaluation. These possible changes could have an effect on the reserves and economics. However, we do not anticipate nor are we aware of any legislative changes or restrictive regulatory actions that may impact the recovery of reserves.



	SEC Conformance and Regulations



	The reserve classifications and the economic considerations used herein for the SEC pricing scenario conform to the criteria of the SEC as defined in pages 3 and 4 of the Appendix. The reserves and economics are predicated on regulatory agency classifications, rules, policies, laws, taxes and royalties currently in effect except as noted herein.  The possible effects of changes in legislation or other Federal or State restrictive actions which could affect the reserves and economics have not been considered.  However, we do not anticipate nor are we aware of any legislative changes or restrictive regulatory actions that may impact the recovery of reserves.



	Reserve Estimation Methods



	The methods employed in estimating reserves are described in page 2 of the Appendix.  Reserves for proved developed producing wells were estimated using production performance methods for the vast majority of properties. Certain new producing properties with very little production history were forecast using a combination of production performance and analogy to offset production, both of which are considered to provide a relatively high degree of accuracy.


	Non-producing reserve estimates, for both developed and undeveloped properties, were forecast using either volumetric or analogy methods, or a combination of both.  These methods provide a relatively high degree of accuracy for predicting proved developed non-producing and proved undeveloped reserves for WildHorse’s properties. The assumptions, data, methods and procedures used herein are appropriate for the purpose served by this report.



	General Discussion



	Please be advised that, based upon the foregoing, in our opinion the above-described estimates of the direct interests  of  WildHorse’s  proved  reserves  are, in the  aggregate,  reasonable  and  have  been prepared in accordance with generally accepted petroleum engineering and evaluation principles as set forth in the

	Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserve Information

	promulgated by the

	Society of Petroleum Engineers

	. In aggregate, CG&A reserve estimates are within 10% of WildHorse’s in-house reserve estimates shown in the tables above for WildHorses’s properties.


	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation – SEC Pricing


	January 26, 2017


	Page 3


	 





	It should be understood that our above-described audit does not constitute a complete reserve study of the oil and gas properties of the direct interests of Esquisto Resources II, LLC, WHE AcqCo., LLC, and Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse.  The estimates and forecasts were based upon interpretations of data furnished by WildHorse and available from our files.  All estimates represent our best judgment based on the data available at the time of preparation.  Due to inherent uncertainties in future production rates, commodity prices and geologic conditions, it should be realized that the reserve estimates, the reserves actually recovered, the revenue derived therefrom and the actual cost incurred could be more or less than the estimated amounts.



	An on-site field inspection of the properties has not been performed nor have the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and their related facilities been examined nor have the wells been tested by Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.  Possible environmental liability related to the properties has not been investigated or considered.   The estimated net cost of plugging and the salvage value of equipment at abandonment has been included.


	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. is a Texas Registered Engineering Firm (F-693), made up of independent registered professional engineers and geologists that have provided petroleum consulting services to the oil and gas industry for over 50 years.  The lead evaluator preparing this report was W. Todd Brooker, P.E., Senior Vice President at Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. and a State of Texas Licensed Professional Engineer (License #83462).  We do not own an interest in the properties or WildHorse and are not employed on a contingent basis.  We have used all methods and procedures that we consider necessary under the circumstances to prepare this report. Our work-papers and related data utilized in the preparation of these estimates are available in our office.


	This letter is for the use of Esquisto Resources II, LLC, WHE AcqCo., LLC, and Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse relating to information of the interests of WildHorse.  This letter should not be used, circulated, or quoted for any other purpose without the express written consent of Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. or except as required by law.


	 






	 




	Yours very truly,






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	 






	 




	W. Todd Brooker, P.E.






	 




	Sr. Vice President






	 




	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.






	 




	Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-693






	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	The four methods customarily employed in the estimation of reserves are (1) 

	production performance

	, (2) 

	material balance

	, (3) 

	volumetric

	 and (4) 

	analogy

	. Most estimates, although based primarily on one method, utilize other methods depending on the nature and extent of the data available and the characteristics of the reservoirs.


	Basic information includes production, pressure, geological and laboratory data. However, a large variation exists in the quality, quantity and types of information available on individual properties. Operators are generally required by regulatory authorities to file monthly production reports and 

	may

	 be required to measure and report periodically such data as well pressures, gas-oil ratios, well tests, etc. As a general rule, an operator has complete discretion in obtaining and/or making available geological and engineering data. The resulting lack of uniformity in data renders impossible the application of identical methods to all properties, and may result in significant differences in the accuracy and reliability of estimates.


	A brief discussion of each method, its basis, data requirements, applicability and generalization as to its relative degree of accuracy follows:



	Production performance


	. This method employs graphical analyses of production data on the premise that all factors which have controlled the performance to date will continue to control and that historical trends can be extrapolated to predict future performance. The only information required is production history. Capacity production can usually be analyzed from graphs of rates versus time or cumulative production. This procedure is referred to as “decline curve” analysis. Both capacity and restricted production can, in some cases, be analyzed from graphs of producing rate relationships of the various production components. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a relatively high degree of accuracy with the degree of accuracy increasing as production history accumulates.




	Material balance


	. This method employs the analysis of the relationship of production and pressure performance on the premise that the reservoir volume and its initial hydrocarbon content are fixed and that this initial hydrocarbon volume and recoveries therefrom can be estimated by analyzing changes in pressure with respect to production relationships. This method requires reliable pressure and temperature data, production data, fluid analyses and knowledge of the nature of the reservoir. The material balance method is applicable to all reservoirs, but the time and expense required for its use is dependent on the nature of the reservoir and its fluids. Reserves for depletion type reservoirs can be estimated from graphs of pressures corrected for compressibility versus cumulative production, requiring only data that are usually available. Estimates for other reservoir types require extensive data and involve complex calculations most suited to computer models which makes this method generally applicable only to reservoirs where there is economic justification for its use. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a degree of accuracy that is directly related to the complexity of the reservoir and the quality and quantity of data available.




	Volumetric


	. This method employs analyses of physical measurements of rock and fluid properties to calculate the volume of hydrocarbons in-place. The data required are well information sufficient to determine reservoir subsurface datum, thickness, storage volume, fluid



	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 2




	  






	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	content and location. The volumetric method is most applicable to reservoirs which are not susceptible to analysis by production performance or material balance methods. These are most commonly newly developed and/or no-pressure depleting reservoirs. The amount of hydrocarbons in-place that can be recovered is not an integral part of the volumetric calculations but is an estimate inferred by other methods and a knowledge of the nature of the reservoir. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a low degree of accuracy; but the degree of accuracy can be relatively high where rock quality and subsurface control is good and the nature of the reservoir is uncomplicated.



	Analogy


	. This method which employs experience and judgment to estimate reserves, is based on observations of similar situations and includes consideration of theoretical performance. The analogy method is applicable where the data are insufficient or so inconclusive that reliable reserve estimates cannot be made by other methods. Reserve estimates obtained by this method are generally considered to have a relatively low degree of accuracy.



	Much of the information used in the estimation of reserves is itself arrived at by the use of estimates. These estimates are subject to continuing change as additional information becomes available. Reserve estimates which presently appear to be correct may be found to contain substantial errors as time passes and new information is obtained about well and reservoir performance.


	The Securities and Exchange Commission, in SX Reg. 210.4-10 dated November 18, 1981, as amended on September 19, 1989 and January 1, 2010, requires adherence to the following definitions of oil and gas reserves:


	“(22)    

	Proved oil and gas reserves

	. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations— prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.


	“(i)    The area of a reservoir considered as proved includes: (A) The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and (B) Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering data.


	“(ii)    In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 3




	  






	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	“(iii)    Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty.


	“(iv)    Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when: (A) Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based; and (B) The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including governmental entities.


	“(v)    Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions.


	“(6)    

	Developed oil and gas reserves

	. Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


	“(i)    Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and


	“(ii)    Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.


	“(31)    

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves

	. Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


	“(i)    Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.


	“(ii)    Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances, justify a longer time.


	“(iii)    Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 4




	  






	 


	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.


	“(18)    

	Probable reserves

	. Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.


	“(i)    When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves estimates.


	“(ii)    Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.


	“(iii)    Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.


	“(iv)    See also guidelines in paragraphs (17)(iv) and (17)(vi) of this section (below).


	“(17)    

	Possible reserves

	. Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


	“(i)    When deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.


	“(ii)    Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will be in areas where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the reservoir by a defined project.


	“(iii)    Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.


	“(iv)    The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 5




	  






	 


	 


	 




	 





	APPENDIX




	Methods Employed in the Estimation of Reserves



	 


	“(v)    Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore, and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.


	“(vi)    Pursuant to paragraph (22)(iii) of this section (above), where direct observation has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.”


	Instruction 4 of Item 2(b) of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K was revised January 1, 2010 to state that “a registrant engaged in oil and gas producing activities shall provide the information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S–K.” This is relevant in that Instruction 2 to paragraph (a)(2) states: “The registrant is permitted, 

	but not required

	, to disclose probable or possible reserves pursuant to paragraphs (a)(2)(iv) through (a)(2)(vii) of this Item.”


	“(26)    

	Reserves

	. Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project.


	“

	Note to paragraph (26)

	: Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).”


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	  




	 




	Appendix




	  






	Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc.




	  




	 




	Page 6




	  






	 


	 


	 












Insider Trading - Wildhorse Investment Holdings LLC - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Wildhorse Investment Holdings LLC





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-19Option Award
2016-12-197:18 pm
N/AN/A
Wildhorse Resource Development Corp
WRD
Whr Holdings LLCWildhorse Investment Holdings LLCNgp X Us Holdings LpNgp X Holdings Gp L.L.C.Ngp Natural Resources X L.P.G.F.W. Energy X L.P.Gfw X L.L.C.Ngp Energy Capital Management L.L.C.Director10% Owner
21,200,084
$0
21,200,084(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 02:10:24 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC. Find out WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

9805 KATY FREEWAY, SUITE 400  HOUSTON 77024 TX




Companies related to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001681714WildHorse Resource Development Corp9805 KATY FREEWAY SUITE 400 HOUSTON 77024




WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC on the Web
Persons related to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC - WildHorse Resource Development CorpNamePositionCityAnthony Franklin  BahrPresident HOUSTONBrian A  BernasekWASHINGTONRichard D  BrannonDirector FORT WORTHJonathan M  ClarksonDirector HOUSTONAndrew J  CozbySee Remarks HOUSTONEsquisto Holdings, LLCDirector HOUSTONEsquisto Investment Holdings, LLCHOUSTONG.F.W. ENERGY IX, L.P.IRVINGG.F.W. Energy X, L.P.IRVINGG.F.W. Energy XI, L.P.IRVINGGFW IX, L.L.C.IRVINGGFW X, L.L.C.IRVINGGFW XI, L.L.C.IRVINGScott  GieselmanIRVINGJay Carlton  GrahamChief Executive Officer HOUSTONSteve Saad  HabachySee Remarks HOUSTONDavid W  HayesHOUSTONTerence W  LynchSee Remarks HOUSTONNatural Gas Partners IX, L.P.IRVINGNGP Energy Capital Management LLCHOUSTONNGP IX Holdings GP, L.L.C.IRVINGNGP IX US Holdings, L.P.IRVINGNGP Natural Resources X, L.P.IRVINGNGP Natural Resources XI, L.P.IRVINGNGP X Holdings GP, L.L.C.IRVINGNGP X US Holdings LPHOUSTONNGP XI Holdings GP, L.L.C.IRVINGNGP XI US Holdings, L.P.10% Owner IRVINGKyle N  RoaneSee Remarks HOUSTONGRANT E  SIMSHOUSTONMartin W.  SumnerPHILADELPHIATony R  WeberIRVINGWHR Holdings, LLCDirector HOUSTON












 








Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










WildHorse Investment Holdings
    Uses in
  Special Meetings
  Clause











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog






Related Contracts:




WildHorse Investment Holdings
    Uses in
  Special Meetings
  Clause


Home



Special Meetings


WildHorse Investment Holdings





          Special Meetings
          from Amended and Restated


Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board; provided, however, that prior to the first date on which WHR Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, NGP IX US Holdings, L.P., NGP X US Holdings, L.P. and NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. (each, a Sponsor) and their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) no longer collectively beneficially own (or otherwise have the right to vote or direct the vote of) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Corporations common stock, par value $0.01 per share (such stock, the Common Stock and such date, the Trigger Date), special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation at the request of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of these Bylaws, beneficial ownership of shares shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. On and after the Trigger Date, subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock of the Corporation (Preferred Stock), the stockholders of the Corporation shall not have the power to call or request a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board. For purposes of these Bylaws, the term Whole Board shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships.
      



          Special Meetings
          from Amended and Restated


Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board; provided, however, that prior to the first date on which WildHorse Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, WHE AcqCo. Holdings, LLC, NGP IX US Holdings, L.P., NGP X US Holdings, L.P. and NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. (each, a Sponsor) and their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) no longer collectively beneficially own (or otherwise have the right to vote or direct the vote of) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Corporations common stock, par value $0.01 per share (such stock, the Common Stock and such date, the Trigger Date), special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation at the request of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of these Bylaws, beneficial ownership of shares shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. On and after the Trigger Date, subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock of the Corporation (Preferred Stock), the stockholders of the Corporation shall not have the power to call or request a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board. For purposes of these Bylaws, the term Whole Board shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships.
      


Related uses of WildHorse Investment Holdings











×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











 SECGems: WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 9805 KATY FREEWAY, SUITE 400
	 
	
	
	   HOUSTON, 
	   TX, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (713) 568-4910    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-13WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001691550
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 GFW Energy X LP (0001555496) 


2




 GFW X LLC (0001555576) 


2




 NGP Energy Capital Management LLC (0001471812) 


2




 NGP Natural Resources X LP (0001521229) 


2




 NGP X Holdings GP LLC (0001647719) 


2




 NGP X US Holdings LP (0001606887) 


2




 WHR Holdings LLC (0001691549) 


2











All related persons/companies# Filings





 G.F.W. Energy X, L.P. (0001555496) 


2




 GFW X, L.L.C. (0001555576) 


2




 NGP Energy Capital Management, LLC (0001471812) 


2




 NGP Natural Resources X, L.P. (0001521229) 


2




 NGP X Holdings GP, L.L.C. (0001647719) 


2




 NGP X US Holdings LP (0001606887) 


2




 WHR Holdings, LLC (0001691549) 


2




 WildHorse Resource Development Corp (0001681714) 


2







 








db
 
 










































WildHorse Resource Development Corp














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

1115638 Alberta Ltd
1115650 Alberta Ltd
3Tec Energy Corp
ARX Gold Corp
ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #12-2003 Limited Partnership
ATP Oil and Gas
Abby Inc
Abraxas Energy Partners LP
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation
Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited
Advanced Voice Recognition Systems, Inc
Alaska Pacific Energy Corp
Alliance Resources Plc
Alpha Energy
Alta Mesa Holdings, LP



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


WildHorse Resource Development Corp




WildHorse Resource Development Corp





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Crude petroleum & natural gasAddress

9805 Katy Freeway Suite 400, Houston, TX 77024
Phone
(713) 568-4910



Sample Contracts



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS Pursuant
to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 6.00%
SERIES a PERPETUAL CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK (Par Value $0.01 Per Share)
(July 7th, 2017)
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the Corporation), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), hereby certifies that, pursuant to the authority expressly granted to and vested in the Board by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as so amended and as further amended from time to time in accordance with its terms and the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation), which authorizes the Board, by resolution, to set forth the designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, in one or more series of up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), and in accordance with the provisions of Section 151 of the DGCL, the Board duly adopted on June 30, 2017 the following resolution, which resolution remains in full force and effect



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement
(July 7th, 2017)
This Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of June 30, 2017, is entered into by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto (the Initial Holders and, together with the Company, the Parties).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(July 7th, 2017)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of June 30, 2017 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Martin W. Sumner (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(July 7th, 2017)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of June 30, 2017 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Brian A. Bernasek (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
(July 7th, 2017)
This SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment), dated as of June 30, 2017 (the Second Amendment Effective Date), is among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower); each of the Guarantors party hereto (the Guarantors and collectively with the Borrower, the Credit Parties); each of the Lenders party hereto; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
STOCK ISSUANCE AGREEMENT Dated as of May 10, 2017 by and Among WILDHORSE
RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION and ADMIRAL a HOLDING L.P., TE ADMIRAL a
HOLDING L.P., and AURORA C-I HOLDING L.P.
(May 16th, 2017)
STOCK ISSUANCE AGREEMENT, dated as of May 10, 2017 (this Agreement), by and among (i) WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and (ii) Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TE Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and Aurora C-I Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the persons in this clause (ii), collectively, the Admiral Sellers and each, an Admiral Seller).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
US 4941736v.10
(May 15th, 2017)
This First Amendment to Credit Agreement (this "First Amendment"), dated as of April 4, 2017 (the "First Amendment Effective Date"), is among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"); each of the Guarantors party hereto (the "Guarantors" and collectively with the Borrower, the "Credit Parties"); each of the Lenders party hereto; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent").



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of May 10, 2017 by and Among
WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION and THE PARTY LISTED ON THE
SIGNATURE PAGE HERETO
(May 15th, 2017)




WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(February 14th, 2017)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of February 10, 2017 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Grant E. Sims (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION AND EACH OF THE GUARANTORS PARTY
HERETO 6.875% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2025 INDENTURE Dated as of February 1, 2017 U.S.
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee
(February 1st, 2017)
INDENTURE dated as of February 1, 2017 among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), the Guarantors (as defined) and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation Registration Rights Agreement
(February 1st, 2017)
This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is dated as of February 1, 2017 (the Agreement), by and among WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company), the subsidiaries of the Company named in Schedule I hereto (each individually, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors), and the several Initial Purchasers listed in Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement (defined below) (the Initial Purchasers).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT WHE ACQCO HOLDINGS,
LLC December 19, 2016
(December 22nd, 2016)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of December 19, 2016, is made by and among WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and the Persons who have executed a signature page to this Agreement as the Members and the Managers.



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Stockholders Agreement
(December 22nd, 2016)
This STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of December 19, 2016, is entered into by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (WildHorse Holdings), Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Esquisto Holdings) and WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Acquisition Holdings and together with WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings, the Principal Stockholders).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of December 19, 2016 Among WildHorse Resource
Development Corporation, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Administrative Agent, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Syndication Agent, Bank of
America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Comerica Bank and ING Capital
LLC, as Co-Documentation Agents and the Lenders Party Hereto Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint
Bookrunners
(December 22nd, 2016)
THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 19, 2016, is among: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a corporation duly formed and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower); each of the Lenders from time to time party hereto; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, (in its individual capacity, Wells Fargo), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent); BMO Harris Bank N.A., as syndication agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the Syndication Agent); and Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Comerica Bank and ING Capital LLC, as co-documentation agents for the Lenders (collectively, in such capacity, together with their respective successors in such capacity, the Documentation Agents).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
Incorporated Under the Laws of the State of Delaware Date of Adoption: December
19, 2016
(December 22nd, 2016)




WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Transition Services Agreement
(December 22nd, 2016)
This Transition Services Agreement (this Agreement) is executed and agreed to as of December 19, 2016 (the Effective Date) by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Parent), Esquisto Resources II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and CH4 Energy IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, PetroMax Operating Co., Inc., a Texas corporation, and Crossing Rocks Energy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the Service Providers and each a Service Provider). The Parent, the Company and the Service Providers are hereinafter each referred to as a Party and are collectively referred to as the Parties.



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT WILDHORSE INVESTMENT
HOLDINGS, LLC December 19, 2016
(December 22nd, 2016)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of December 19, 2016, is made by and among WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and the Persons who have executed a signature page to this Agreement as the Members and the Managers.



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Wildhorse Resource
Development Corporation
(December 22nd, 2016)
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the Corporation), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the Delaware Code (the DGCL), hereby certifies as follows:



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT WHR HOLDINGS, LLC
December 19, 2016
(December 22nd, 2016)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of December 19, 2016, is made by and among WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and the Persons who have executed a signature page to this Agreement as the Members and the Managers.



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Registration Rights Agreement
(December 22nd, 2016)
This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of December 19, 2016, is entered into by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto (the Initial Holders and, together with the Company, the Parties).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT ESQUISTO INVESTMENT
HOLDINGS, LLC December 19, 2016
(December 22nd, 2016)
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of December 19, 2016, is made by and among Esquisto Resources II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and the Persons who have executed a signature page to this Agreement as the Members and Managers.



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan
(December 16th, 2016)




WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Jonathan M. Clarkson (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Steve Habachy (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Jay C. Graham (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Anthony Bahr (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Master Contribution Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This MASTER CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated December 12, 2016, is by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), WildHorse Resources II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (WH II), Esquisto Resources II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (EQ II), WHE AcqCo., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AcqCo.), NGP XI US Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (NGP XI), WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (WH Investment), Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (EQ Investment and together with the NGP XI, WH Investment, EQ II, AcqCo. and WH II, the Company Parties and each, individually, a Company Party), WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AcqCo. Holdings), WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (WH Holdings), Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (EQ Holdings and togeth



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Richard D. Brannon (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Scott A. Gieselman (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation Shares of Common Stock UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT
(December 16th, 2016)




WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation Executive Change in Control and
Severance Benefit Plan
(December 16th, 2016)




WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Andrew J. Cozby (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Kyle N. Roane (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Tony R. Weber (Indemnitee).



WildHorse Resource Development Corp –
Indemnification Agreement
(December 16th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of December 13, 2016 by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and David W. Hayes (Indemnitee).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.













SEC Info - WildHorse Resource Development Corp - IPO: ‘S-1’ on 11/10/16 - ‘EX-5.1’











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




WildHorse Resource Development Corp – IPO: ‘S-1’ on 11/10/16 – ‘EX-5.1’On:  Thursday, 11/10/16, at 5:14pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1193125-16-766075   ·   File #:  333-214569
Previous ‘S-1’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘S-1/A’ on 11/18/16   ·   Latest:  ‘S-1/A’ on 12/12/16   ·   2 Referenced via Accession #:  By:  SEC – ‘UPLOAD’ on 12/1/16 By:  SEC – ‘UPLOAD’ on 11/23/16 



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

11/10/16  WildHorse Resource Dev Corp       S-1                   25:8.0M                                   Donnelley...Solutions/FAF-->Initial Public Offering (IPO):  Registration Statement (General Form)   —   Form S-1Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: S-1         Registration Statement (General Form)               HTML   3.92M 
 2: EX-3.1      Articles of Incorporation/Organization or By-Laws   HTML     13K 
 3: EX-3.2      Articles of Incorporation/Organization or By-Laws   HTML     45K 
 4: EX-3.3      Articles of Incorporation/Organization or By-Laws   HTML     84K 
 5: EX-3.4      Articles of Incorporation/Organization or By-Laws   HTML     95K 
 6: EX-4.1      Instrument Defining the Rights of Security Holders  HTML     10K 
 7: EX-4.2      Instrument Defining the Rights of Security Holders  HTML     93K 
 8: EX-5.1      Opinion re: Legality                                HTML     17K 
 9: EX-10.2     Material Contract                                   HTML     98K 
10: EX-10.3     Material Contract                                   HTML     65K 
11: EX-21.1     Subsidiaries                                        HTML     10K 
12: EX-23.1     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      8K 
13: EX-23.2     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      9K 
14: EX-23.3     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      9K 
15: EX-23.4     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      8K 
16: EX-23.5     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      9K 
17: EX-23.6     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML      9K 
18: EX-23.7     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML     11K 
19: EX-23.8     Consent of Experts or Counsel                       HTML     11K 
20: EX-99.1     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     54K 
21: EX-99.2     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     50K 
22: EX-99.3     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     53K 
23: EX-99.4     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     50K 
24: EX-99.5     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     57K 
25: EX-99.6     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     55K 

D-->EX-5.1   —   Opinion re: Legality
H-->This exhibit is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  EX-5.1  

Exhibit 5.1   



                        , 2016 
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation
 9805 Katy Freeway,
Suite 400
 Houston, Texas 77024
 Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel for WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), in connection with the proposed offer and sale (the “Offering”) by the Company and the selling stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”), pursuant to a prospectus
forming a part of a Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-                , initially filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on                 , 2016 (such Registration Statement, as amended at the effective date thereof, being referred to herein as the “Registration
Statement”), of up to                  shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Common Shares”).
  Pursuant to the terms of a corporate reorganization that will be completed in connection with, and immediately
prior to the consummation of, the Offering (i) the Selling Stockholders and the other owners of WildHorse Resources II, LLC (“WildHorse”) and Esquisto Resources II, LLC
(“Esquisto”) will exchange all of their respective interests in WildHorse and Esquisto for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC and Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, respectively,
(ii) WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC will contribute all of such interests in WildHorse to WildHorse Holdings, LLC and Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC will contribute all of such interests in Esquisto to Esquisto Holdings, LLC and
(iii) WildHorse Holdings, LLC will contribute all of such interests in WildHorse to the Company and Esquisto Holdings, LLC will contribute all of such interests in Esquisto to the Company, in exchange for
                 shares, collectively, of the Company’s common stock (such transactions collectively, the
“Reorganization”).   In connection with this opinion, we have assumed that (i) the
Registration Statement, and any amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments), will have become effective, (ii) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement, will have become effective, (iii) the Common Shares will be issued and sold in the manner described in the Registration Statement and the prospectus relating thereto, (iv) the Reorganization will have been consummated in the
manner described in the Registration Statement and the prospectus relating thereto, and (v) a definitive underwriting agreement, in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, with respect to the sale of the Common Shares will
have been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto.   






 Vinson & Elkins LLP Attorneys at Law
Austin Beijing Dallas Dubai Hong Kong Houston London Moscow New York
Palo Alto Richmond Riyadh San Francisco Taipei Tokyo Washington
  
 1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500
Houston, TX 77002-6760 Tel +1.713.758.2222 Fax +1.713.758.2346 www.velaw.com



 









  
, 2016     Page 2  
For the purposes of giving the opinions contained herein, we have examined, among other things,
(i) the form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and the form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement,
(ii) the records of corporate proceedings that have occurred prior to the date hereof with respect to the Offering, (iii) the Registration Statement, and (iv) the form of underwriting agreement filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement. We have also reviewed such questions of law and made such other investigations as we have deemed relevant and necessary in connection with the opinions set forth below. As to matters of fact relevant to the opinions expressed herein, we
relied upon certificates and other communications of corporate officers and representatives of the Company and certificates of public officials, without further investigation as to such matters of fact. In making such examination and rendering the
opinions set forth below, we have assumed without verification the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, and the legal
capacity of all individuals executing any of the foregoing documents.  Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and
limitations stated herein, we are of the opinion that: (a) with respect to the Common Shares to be issued and sold by the Company, when such Common Shares have been delivered in accordance with a definitive underwriting agreement approved by
the Board of Directors of the Company and upon payment of the consideration therefor provided for therein (not less than the par value of such Common Shares), such Common Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and
(b) with respect to the Common Shares proposed to be sold by the Selling Stockholders, following the consummation of the Reorganization, such Common Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
The foregoing opinions are limited in all respects to the Delaware General Corporation Law (including the applicable provisions of the
Delaware Constitution and the reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws) and the federal laws of the United States of America, and we do not express any opinions as to the laws of any other jurisdiction. This opinion is being furnished in
connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the foregoing opinions are limited to the matters expressly stated herein, and no opinion is to be inferred or implied beyond
the opinions expressly set forth herein. We undertake no, and hereby disclaim any, obligation to make any inquiry after the date hereof or to advise you of any changes in any matter set forth herein, whether based on a change in the law, a change in
any fact relating to the Company or any other person or any other circumstance.  We hereby consent to the statements with respect to us
under the heading “Legal Matters” in the prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statement and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the
category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
Very truly yours,



↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-16-766075   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 07:10:25.0 GMT 
WildHorse Resource Development 10-Q May. 15, 2017  4:18 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»WildHorse Resource Development (WRD)FORM 10-Q | Quarterly ReportMay. 15, 2017  4:18 PM|About: WildHorse Resource Development (WRD)View as PDF

 WildHorse Resource Development Corp (Form: 10-Q, Received: 05/15/2017 17:02:17) 









	 


	 


	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


	 


	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 


	Form 10-Q


	 


	(Mark One)







	☒





	QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017


	OR







	☐





	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	For the transition period from

	          


	 

	to

	          


	.



	Commission File Number: 001-37964


	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)


	 


	 






	Delaware




	 




	81-3470246






	( State or other jurisdiction of

	incorporation or organization)




	 




	(I.R.S. Employer

	Identification No.)






	 




	 




	 






	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400, Houston, TX




	 




	77024






	(Address of principal executive offices)




	 




	(Zip Code)







	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (713) 568-4910


	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


	 






	Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share




	 




	New York Stock Exchange






	(Title of each class)




	 




	(Name of each exchange on which registered)






	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

	☒

	    No  

	☐



	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  

	☒

	    No  

	☐



	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 








	Large accelerated filer





	☐





	 




	Accelerated filer





	☐







	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Non-accelerated filer





	☒





	(Do not check if a small reporting company)




	Small reporting company





	☐







	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	Emerging growth company





	☒








	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  

	☐

	    No  


	☒




	 


	If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.


	☒




	As of April 30, 2017, the registrant had 93,987,541 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value outstanding.


	 


	 


	 




	 





	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION



	TABLE OF CONTENTS


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Page






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 






	Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms






	 




	2






	 




	 






	Commonly Used Defined Terms






	 




	6






	 




	 






	Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements






	 




	8






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 






	PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION






	 




	 






	Item 1.




	 






	Financial Statements






	 




	10






	 




	 






	Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016






	 




	10






	 




	 






	Unaudited Condensed Statements of Consolidated and Combined Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016






	 




	11






	 




	 






	Unaudited Condensed Statements of Consolidated and Combined Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and 2016






	 




	12






	 




	 






	Unaudited Condensed Statement of Stockholder’s Equity for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017






	 




	13






	 




	 






	Note 1 – Organization and Basis of Presentation






	 




	14






	 




	 






	Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies






	 




	15






	 




	 






	Note 3 – Acquisitions and Divestitures






	 




	15






	 




	 






	Note 4 – Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments






	 




	16






	 




	 






	Note 5 – Risk Management and Derivative Instruments






	 




	18






	 




	 






	Note 6 – Accounts Receivable






	 




	20






	 




	 






	Note 7 – Accrued Liabilities






	 




	20






	 




	 






	Note 8 – Asset Retirement Obligations






	 




	20






	 




	 






	Note 9 – Long Term Debt






	 




	21






	 




	 






	Note 10 – Stockholders’ Equity






	 




	22






	 




	 






	Note 11 – Earnings Per Share






	 




	23






	 




	 






	Note 12 – Long Term Incentive Plans






	 




	23






	 




	 






	Note 13 – Incentive Units






	 




	24






	 




	 






	Note 14 – Related Party Transactions






	 




	24






	 




	 






	Note 15 – Segment Disclosures






	 




	25






	 




	 






	Note 16 – Income Tax






	 




	26






	 




	 






	Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies






	 




	26






	 




	 






	Note 18 – Subsequent Events






	 




	27






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Item 2.




	 






	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations






	 




	30






	Item 3.




	 






	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk






	 




	41






	Item 4.




	 






	Controls and Procedures






	 




	42






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 






	PART II—OTHER INFORMATION






	 




	 






	Item 1.




	 






	Legal Proceedings






	 




	43






	Item 1A.




	 






	Risk Factors






	 




	43






	Item 2.




	 






	Unregistered Sales Of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds






	 




	43






	Item 3.




	 






	Defaults Upon Senior Securities






	 




	43






	Item 4.




	 






	Mine Safety Disclosures






	 




	43






	Item 5.




	 






	Other Information






	 




	43






	Item 6.




	 






	Exhibits






	 




	43






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 






	Signatures






	 




	44






	 


	 


	 


	i




	 









	GLOSSARY OF OIL AND


	NATURAL GAS TERMS



	The following are abbreviations and definitions of commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry:


	3-D seismic:

	Geophysical data that depict the subsurface strata in three dimensions. 3-D seismic typically provides a more detailed and accurate interpretation of the subsurface strata than 2-D, or two-dimensional, seismic.



	Basin:

	A large natural depression on the earth’s surface in which sediments generally brought by water accumulate.



	Bbl:

	One stock tank barrel of 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	Bcf:

	One billion cubic feet of natural gas.



	Boe:

	One barrel of oil equivalent, calculated by converting natural gas to oil equivalent barrels at a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil. This is an energy content correlation and does not reflect a value or price relationship between the commodities.



	Boe/d:

	One Boe per day.



	British thermal unit or Btu:

	The quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water from 58.5 to 59.5 degrees Fahrenheit.



	Completion:

	Installation of permanent equipment for production of oil or natural gas, or, in the case of a dry well, to reporting to the appropriate authority that the well has been abandoned.



	Condensate:

	A mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.



	Delineation:

	The process of placing a number of wells in various parts of a reservoir to determine its boundaries and production characteristics.



	Developed acreage:

	The number of acres that are allocated or assignable to productive wells or wells capable of production.



	Development costs:

	Costs incurred to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the oil and natural gas. For a complete definition of development costs refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(7).



	Development project:

	The means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples, the development of a single reservoir or field, an incremental development in a producing field or the integrated development of a group of several fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.



	Development well:

	A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.



	Differential:

	An adjustment to the price of oil or natural gas from an established spot market price to reflect differences in the quality and/or location of oil or natural gas.



	Downspacing:

	Additional wells drilled between known producing wells to better develop the reservoir.



	Dry well:

	A well found to be incapable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of such production exceed production expenses and taxes.



	Economically producible:

	The term economically producible, as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds, or is reasonably expected to exceed, the costs of the operation. For a complete definition of economically producible, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(10).



	Estimated ultimate recovery or EUR:

	The sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.



	Exploratory well:

	A well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir.



	2




	 





	Field:


	An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition.


	The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations. For a complete definition of field, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(15).



	Formation:

	A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock.



	Generation 1:

	  With respect to our Eagle Ford Acreage, a hybrid fracking technique using approximately 1,500 pounds per foot of sand and 33 Bbls per foot of fluid, with 200 foot stages and five clusters per stage at 80 barrels per minute. With respect to our North Louisiana Acreage, a slickwater fracking technique using approximately 1,450 pounds per foot of sand, with 200 foot stages and one cluster per stage at 57 barrels per minute.



	Generation 3:

	With respect to our Eagle Ford Acreage, a slickwater fracking technique using approximately 3,700 pounds per foot of sand and 75 Bbls per foot of fluid, with 150 foot stages and nine clusters per stage at 90 barrels per minute.



	Gross acres or gross wells:

	The total acres or wells, as the case may be, in which a working interest is owned.



	Held by production:

	Acreage covered by a mineral lease that perpetuates a company’s right to operate a property as long as the property produces a minimum paying quantity of oil or natural gas.



	Horizontal drilling:

	  A drilling technique used in certain formations where a well is drilled vertically to a certain depth and then drilled at a right angle within a specified interval.



	MBbls:

	One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	MBoe:

	  One thousand Boe.



	Mcf:

	One thousand cubic feet of natural gas.



	MMBbls:

	One million barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs.



	MMBoe:

	One million Boe.



	MMBtu:

	One million British thermal units.



	Net acres or net wells:

	Gross acres or wells, as the case may be, multiplied by our working interest ownership percentage.



	Net production:

	Production that is owned less royalties and production due to others.



	NGLs:

	Natural gas liquids. Hydrocarbons found in natural gas which may be extracted as liquefied petroleum gas and natural gasoline.



	NYMEX:

	The New York Mercantile Exchange.



	Offset operator:

	Any entity that has an active lease on an adjoining property for oil, natural gas or NGLs purposes.



	Operator:

	The individual or company responsible for the development and/or production of an oil or natural gas well or lease.



	Play:

	A geographic area with hydrocarbon potential.



	Possible Reserves:

	Reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.



	Present value of future net revenues or PV-10:

	The estimated future gross revenue to be generated from the production of proved reserves, net of estimated production and future development and abandonment costs, using prices and costs in effect at the determination date, before income taxes, and without giving effect to non-property-related expenses, discounted to a present value using an annual discount rate of 10% in accordance with the guidelines of the SEC.



	Probable Reserves:

	Reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but that, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.



	3




	 





	Production costs:


	Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and fac


	ilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities. For a complete definition of production costs, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(20).



	Productive well:

	A well that is found to be capable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of the production exceed production expenses and taxes.



	Prospect:

	A specific geographic area which, based on supporting geological, geophysical or other data and also preliminary economic analysis using reasonably anticipated prices and costs, is deemed to have potential for the discovery of commercial hydrocarbons.



	Proved area:

	Part of a property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.



	Proved developed reserves:

	Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through (i) existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well or (ii) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.



	Proved properties:

	Properties with proved reserves.



	Proved reserves:

	Those quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations—prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. For a complete definition of proved oil and natural gas reserves, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(22).



	Proved undeveloped reserves or PUDs:

	Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. Undrilled locations are classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances justify a longer time. Under no circumstances are estimates for proved undeveloped reserves attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.



	Realized price:

	The cash market price less all expected quality, transportation and demand adjustments.



	Reasonable certainty:

	A high degree of confidence. For a complete definition of reasonable certainty, refer to the SEC’s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(24).



	Recompletion:

	The completion for production of an existing wellbore in another formation from that which the well has been previously completed



	Reliable technology:

	Reliable technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation.



	4




	 





	Reserves:


	Estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances antic


	ipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue


	interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and natural gas or related substances to market and all permits and financing required to implement the project. Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potent


	ially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, s


	tructurally low reservoir or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).



	Reservoir:

	A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or natural gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.



	Resources:

	Quantities of oil and natural gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.



	Royalty:

	An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds from the sale thereof), but does not require the owner to pay any portion of the production or development costs on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowner’s royalties, which are reserved by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner.



	Service well:

	A well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field.



	Spacing:

	The distance between wells producing from the same reservoir. Spacing is often expressed in terms of acres, e.g., 40-acre spacing, and is often established by regulatory agencies.



	Spot market price:

	The cash market price without reduction for expected quality, transportation and demand adjustments.



	Standardized measure:

	Discounted future net cash flows estimated by applying year-end prices to the estimated future production of year-end proved reserves. Future cash inflows are reduced by estimated future production and development costs based on period-end costs to determine pre-tax cash inflows. Future income taxes, if applicable, are computed by applying the statutory tax rate to the excess of pre-tax cash inflows over our tax basis in the oil and natural gas properties. Future net cash inflows after income taxes are discounted using a 10% annual discount rate.



	Stratigraphic test well:

	A drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition. Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified as “exploratory type” if not drilled in a known area or “development type” if drilled in a known area.



	Undeveloped acreage:

	Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves.



	Unit:

	The joining of all or substantially all interests in a reservoir or field, rather than a single tract, to provide for development and operation without regard to separate property interests. Also, the area covered by a unitization agreement.



	Unproved properties:

	Properties with no proved reserves.



	Wellbore:

	The hole drilled by the bit that is equipped for natural gas production on a completed well. Also called well or borehole.



	Working interest:

	The right granted to the lessee of a property to develop and produce and own natural gas or other minerals. The working interest owners bear the exploration, development and operating costs on either a cash, penalty or carried basis.



	Workover:

	Operations on a producing well to restore or increase production.



	WTI:

	West Texas Intermediate.



	5




	 









	Commonly Used


	Defined Terms



	As used in this Quarterly Report unless the context indicates or otherwise requires, the terms listed below have the following meanings:






	 





	•






	the “Company,” “WildHorse Development,” “we,” “our,” “us” or like terms refer collectively to WHR II and Esquisto, together with their consolidated subsidiaries before the completion of our Corporate Reorganization and to WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, including WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., as of and following the completion of our Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“WHR II” or our “predecessor” refers to WildHorse Resources II, LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, which owns all of our North Louisiana Acreage;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto” refers (i) for the period beginning January 1, 2014 through June 19, 2014, to the Initial Esquisto Assets, (ii) for the period beginning June 20, 2014 through February 16, 2015, to Esquisto I (iii) for the period beginning February 17, 2015 (date of common control) through January 11, 2016, to Esquisto I and Esquisto II on a combined basis and (iv) for the period beginning January 12, 2016 through the completion of our initial public offering on December 19, 2016, to Esquisto II;











	 





	•






	“Initial Esquisto Assets” refers to the oil and natural gas properties contributed to Esquisto I in connection with the formation of Esquisto I on June 20, 2014;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto I” refers to Esquisto Resources, LLC;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto II” refers to Esquisto Resources II, LLC;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Merger” refers to the merger of Esquisto I with and into Esquisto II on January 12, 2016;











	 





	•






	“Acquisition Co.” refers to WHE AcqCo., LLC, an entity formed to acquire the Burleson North Assets;











	 





	•






	“Previous owner” refers to both Esquisto and Acquisition Co.;











	 





	•






	“Management Members” refers (i) in the case of WHR II, collectively to the individual founders and employees and other individuals who, together with NGP, initially formed WHR II and (ii) in the case of Esquisto, collectively to the individual founders and employees and other individuals who initially formed Esquisto;











	 





	•






	the “Corporate Reorganization” refers to (prior to and in connection with our initial public offering) (i) the former owners of WHR II exchanging all of their interests in WHR II for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings and the former owners of Esquisto exchanging all of their interests in Esquisto for equivalent interests in Esquisto Investment Holdings, (ii) the contribution by WildHorse Investment Holdings to WildHorse Holdings of all of the interests in WHR II, the contribution by Esquisto Investment Holdings to Esquisto Holdings of all of the interests in Esquisto and the contribution by the former owner of Acquisition Co. of all its interests in Acquisition Co. to Acquisition Co. Holdings, (iii) the issuance of management incentive units by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings to certain of our officers and employees and (iv) the contribution by WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings to us of all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., respectively, in exchange for shares of our common stock;











	 





	•






	“WildHorse Holdings” refers to WHR Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“WildHorse Investment Holdings” refers to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own all of the outstanding equity interests in WildHorse Holdings other than certain management incentive units issued by WildHorse Holdings in connection with our initial public offering;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Holdings” refers to Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;











	 





	•






	“Esquisto Investment Holdings” refers to Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own all of the outstanding equity interests in Esquisto Holdings other than certain management incentive units issued by Esquisto Holdings in connection with our initial public offering;











	 





	•






	“Acquisition Co. Holdings” refers to WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company formed to own a portion of our common stock following the Corporate Reorganization;







	6




	 






	 





	•












	“North Louisiana Acreage” refers to our acreage in North Louisiana in and around the hi


	ghly prolific Terryville Complex, which has been historically owned and operated by WHR II, and where we primarily target the overpressured Cotton Valley play;











	 





	•






	“Terryville Complex” refers to the play located primarily in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, and northern Jackson Parish, Louisiana;











	 





	•






	“RCT Area” refers to our Ruston-Choudrant-Tremont acreage within the Terryville Complex located primarily in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana;











	 





	•






	“Weyerhaeuser Area” refers to the acreage that we have the right to lease within the Terryville Complex located in northern Jackson Parish, Louisiana, which acreage is included in our North Louisiana Acreage;











	 





	•






	“Eagle Ford Acreage” refers to our acreage in the northern area of the Eagle Ford Shale in Southeast Texas, which has historically been owned and operated by Esquisto;











	 





	•






	“Burleson North Assets” refers to certain producing properties and undeveloped acreage that Acquisition Co. acquired from Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. prior to or contemporaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, which acquisition is referred to as the “Burleson North Acquisition;” and











	 





	•






	“NGP” refers to Natural Gas Partners, a family of private equity investment funds organized to make direct equity investments in the energy industry, including the funds invested in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co.







	7




	 









	FORWARD–LOOKI


	NG STATEMENTS



	This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Quarterly Report”) contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).  All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words “could,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under “Part I—Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (“2016 Form 10-K”) and “Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors” appearing within this Quarterly Report and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.


	Forward-looking statements may include statements about:






	 





	•






	our business strategy;











	 





	•






	our estimated proved, probable and possible reserves;











	 





	•






	our drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs;











	 





	•






	our ability to replace the reserves we produce through drilling and property acquisitions;











	 





	•






	our financial strategy, liquidity and capital required for our development program;











	 





	•






	our realized oil, natural gas and NGL prices;











	 





	•






	the timing and amount of our future production of oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	our hedging strategy and results;











	 





	•






	our future drilling plans;











	 





	•






	competition and government regulations;











	 





	•






	our ability to obtain permits and governmental approvals;











	 





	•






	pending legal or environmental matters;











	 





	•






	our marketing of oil, natural gas and NGLs;











	 





	•






	our leasehold or business acquisitions;











	 





	•






	costs of developing our properties;











	 





	•






	general economic conditions;











	 





	•






	credit markets;











	 





	•






	uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and











	 





	•






	plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical.







	We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, incident to the development, production, gathering and sale of oil and natural gas. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, lack of availability of drilling and production equipment and services, environmental risks, drilling and other operating risks, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating reserves and in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and access to capital, the timing of development expenditures and the other risks described under “Part I—Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our 2016 Form 10-K.


	Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reserve engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development program. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.


	8




	 





	Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Quarterly Report occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, o


	ur actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.



	All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue.


	Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report.


	9




	 











	PART I—FINANCI


	AL INFORMATION









	ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION






	UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


	(In thousands, except outstanding shares)


	 






	 




	 




	March 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	ASSETS




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Current Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents




	 




	$




	93,342




	 




	 




	$




	3,115




	 






	Accounts receivable, net




	 




	 




	27,046




	 




	 




	 




	26,428




	 






	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	5,674




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Prepaid expenses and other current assets




	 




	 




	2,310




	 




	 




	 




	1,633




	 






	Total current assets




	 




	 




	128,372




	 




	 




	 




	31,176




	 






	Property and equipment:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	1,666,340




	 




	 




	 




	1,573,848




	 






	Other property and equipment




	 




	 




	36,893




	 




	 




	 




	34,344




	 






	Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	(226,587




	)




	 




	 




	(200,293




	)






	Total property and equipment, net




	 




	 




	1,476,646




	 




	 




	 




	1,407,899




	 






	Other noncurrent assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Restricted cash




	 




	 




	752




	 




	 




	 




	886




	 






	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	8,393




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Debt issuance costs




	 




	 




	1,954




	 




	 




	 




	2,320




	 






	Other long-term assets




	 




	 




	1,319




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total assets




	 




	$




	1,617,436




	 




	 




	$




	1,442,281




	 






	LIABILITIES AND EQUITY




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Current liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts payable




	 




	$




	19,751




	 




	 




	$




	21,014




	 






	Accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	56,003




	 




	 




	 




	23,371




	 






	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	4,708




	 




	 




	 




	14,087




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	90




	 




	 




	 




	90




	 






	Total current liabilities




	 




	 




	80,552




	 




	 




	 




	58,562




	 






	Noncurrent liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Long-term debt




	 




	 




	338,783




	 




	 




	 




	242,750




	 






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	10,868




	 




	 




	 




	10,943




	 






	Deferred tax liabilities




	 




	 




	124,253




	 




	 




	 




	112,552




	 






	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	367




	 




	 




	 




	8,091




	 






	Other noncurrent liabilities




	 




	 




	1,393




	 




	 




	 




	1,495




	 






	Total noncurrent liabilities




	 




	 




	475,664




	 




	 




	 




	375,831




	 






	Total liabilities




	 




	 




	556,216




	 




	 




	 




	434,393




	 






	Commitments and contingencies




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Equity:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Stockholders’ equity:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Preferred stock, $0.01 par value: 50,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and


	   outstanding




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Common stock, $0.01 par value 500,000,000 shares authorized; 93,987,541 shares and 91,680,441 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively




	 




	 




	940




	 




	 




	 




	917




	 






	Additional paid-in capital




	 




	 




	1,050,425




	 




	 




	 




	1,017,368




	 






	Accumulated earnings (deficit)




	 




	 




	9,855




	 




	 




	 




	(10,397




	)






	Total stockholders’ equity




	 




	 




	1,061,220




	 




	 




	 




	1,007,888




	 






	Total liabilities and equity




	 




	$




	1,617,436




	 




	 




	$




	1,442,281




	 







	See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	10




	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	STATEMENTS OF UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED OPERATIONS


	(In thousands, except per share amounts)


	 






	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Revenues:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil sales




	 




	$




	39,077




	 




	 




	$




	13,253




	 






	Natural gas sales




	 




	 




	12,145




	 




	 




	 




	10,206




	 






	NGL sales




	 




	 




	2,663




	 




	 




	 




	945




	 






	Other income




	 




	 




	407




	 




	 




	 




	723




	 






	Total operating revenues




	 




	 




	54,292




	 




	 




	 




	25,127




	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	 




	6,928




	 




	 




	 




	2,760




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	 




	1,700




	 




	 




	 




	1,891




	 






	Gathering system operating expense




	 




	 




	19




	 




	 




	 




	54




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	 




	3,899




	 




	 




	 




	1,472




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	26,443




	 




	 




	 




	22,063




	 






	General and administrative




	 




	 




	7,482




	 




	 




	 




	4,449




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	1,615




	 




	 




	 




	7,443




	 






	Total operating expense




	 




	 




	48,086




	 




	 




	 




	40,132




	 






	Income (loss) from operations




	 




	 




	6,206




	 




	 




	 




	(15,005




	)






	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	(5,571




	)




	 




	 




	(1,972




	)






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	11




	 




	 




	 




	(358




	)






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	31,291




	 




	 




	 




	3,246




	 






	Other income (expense)




	 




	 




	15




	 




	 




	 




	12




	 






	Total other income (expense)




	 




	 




	25,746




	 




	 




	 




	928




	 






	Income (loss) before income taxes




	 




	 




	31,952




	 




	 




	 




	(14,077




	)






	Income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	(11,700




	)




	 




	 




	(139




	)






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	20,252




	 




	 




	 




	(14,216




	)






	Net income (loss) attributable to previous owners




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(2,517




	)






	Net income (loss) attributable to predecessor




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(11,699




	)






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	20,252




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Earnings per common share:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic




	 




	$




	0.22




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Diluted




	 




	$




	0.22




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic




	 




	 




	93,216




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Diluted




	 




	 




	93,216




	 




	 




	n/a




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	11




	 







	WILDHORSE


	RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	STATEMENTS OF UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CASH FLOWS


	(In thousands)


	 






	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Cash flows from operating activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	20,252




	 




	 




	$




	(14,216




	)






	Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by


	   operating activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	26,293




	 




	 




	 




	21,965




	 






	Accretion of asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	150




	 




	 




	 




	98




	 






	Dry hole expense and impairments of unproved properties




	 




	 




	683




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Amortization of debt issuance cost




	 




	 




	838




	 




	 




	 




	117




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(31,291




	)




	 




	 




	(3,246




	)






	Cash settlements on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(983




	)




	 




	 




	3,373




	 






	Accretion of senior note discount




	 




	 




	42




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Deferred income tax expense (benefit)




	 




	 




	11,700




	 




	 




	 




	114




	 






	Debt extinguishment expense




	 




	 




	(11




	)




	 




	 




	358




	 






	Amortization of equity awards




	 




	 




	495




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Changes in operating assets and liabilities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable




	 




	 




	(8,047




	)




	 




	 




	(4,534




	)






	Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses




	 




	 




	(735




	)




	 




	 




	177




	 






	Decrease (increase) in inventories




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	1,728




	 






	(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	8,433




	 




	 




	 




	(9,003




	)






	Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities




	 




	 




	27,819




	 




	 




	 




	(3,069




	)






	Cash flows from investing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Acquisitions of oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	(3,019




	)




	 




	 




	(2,201




	)






	Acquisition post-closing adjustment receipts




	 




	 




	3,905




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Additions to oil and gas properties




	 




	 




	(63,345




	)




	 




	 




	(39,821




	)






	Additions to and acquisitions of other property and equipment




	 




	 




	(1,521




	)




	 




	 




	(2,288




	)






	Acquisition deposits




	 




	 




	(1,319




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Change in restricted cash




	 




	 




	135




	 




	 




	 




	(86




	)






	Net cash used in investing activities




	 




	 




	(65,164




	)




	 




	 




	(44,396




	)






	Cash flows from financing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Advances on revolving credit facilities




	 




	 




	15,500




	 




	 




	 




	84,000




	 






	Payments on revolving credit facilities




	 




	 




	(258,250




	)




	 




	 




	(77,000




	)






	Debt issuance cost




	 




	 




	(9,016




	)




	 




	 




	(431




	)






	Termination of second lien




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(225




	)






	Proceeds from senior notes offering




	 




	 




	347,354




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Proceeds from over-allotment option




	 




	 




	34,457




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Cost incurred in conjunction with over-allotment option




	 




	 




	(1,872




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Cost incurred in conjunction with initial public offering




	 




	 




	(601




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Predecessor contributions




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	12,776




	 






	Net cash provided by financing activities




	 




	 




	127,572




	 




	 




	 




	19,120




	 






	Net change in cash and cash equivalents




	 




	 




	90,227




	 




	 




	 




	(28,345




	)






	Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period




	 




	 




	3,115




	 




	 




	 




	43,126




	 






	Cash and cash equivalents, end of period




	 




	$




	93,342




	 




	 




	$




	14,781




	 







	See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	12




	 







	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION







	UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY


	(In thousands)


	 






	 




	 




	Stockholders’ Equity




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Common


	Stock




	 




	 




	Additional


	Paid in


	Capital




	 




	 




	Accumulated


	Earnings


	(deficit)




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	December 31, 2016




	 




	$




	917




	 




	 




	$




	1,017,368




	 




	 




	$




	(10,397




	)




	 




	$




	1,007,888




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	20,252




	 




	 




	 




	20,252




	 






	Proceeds from over-allotment option




	 




	 




	23




	 




	 




	 




	34,434




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	34,457




	 






	Costs incurred in connection with over-allotment option




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(1,872




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(1,872




	)






	Amortization of equity awards




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	495




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	495




	 






	March 31, 2017




	 




	$




	940




	 




	 




	$




	1,050,425




	 




	 




	$




	9,855




	 




	 




	$




	1,061,220




	 







	 


	See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements


	 


	 


	13




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION




	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 







	Note 1.




	Organization and


	Basis of Presentation



	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation is a publicly traded Delaware corporation, the common shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “WRD.”  Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “WRD,” or “the Company” are intended to mean the business and operations of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources.


	Reference to “WHR II” or our “predecessor” refers to WildHorse Resources II, LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Reference to “Esquisto I” refers to Esquisto Resources, LLC.  Reference to “Esquisto II” refers to Esquisto Resources II, LLC.  Reference to “Esquisto Merger” refers to the merger of Esquisto I with and into Esquisto II on January 12, 2016.  Reference to “Esquisto” refers (i) for the period beginning February 17, 2015 (date of common control) through January 11, 2016, to Esquisto I and Esquisto II on a combined basis and (ii) for the period beginning January 12, 2016 through the completion of our initial public offering on December 19, 2016, to Esquisto II.  Reference to “Acquisition Co.” refers to WHE AcqCo., LLC, an entity that was formed to acquire the Burleson North assets (see Note 3—Acquisitions and Divestitures). Reference to “WildHorse Investment Holdings” refers to WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC.  Reference to “Previous owner” refers to both Esquisto and Acquisition Co.. Reference to “Esquisto Investment Holdings” refers to Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC.  Reference to “WildHorse Holdings” refers to WHR Holdings, LLC. Reference to “Esquisto Holdings” refers to Esquisto Holdings, LLC. Reference to “Acquisition Co. Holdings” refers to WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC. Reference to “NGP” refers to Natural Gas Partners, a family of private equity investment funds organized to make direct equity investments in the energy industry, including the funds invested in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co.


	Contemporaneously with our initial public offering, (i) the owners of WHR II exchanged all of their interests in WHR II for equivalent interests in WildHorse Investment Holdings and the owners of Esquisto exchanged all of their interests in Esquisto for equivalent interests in Esquisto Investment Holdings, (ii) WildHorse Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II to WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Investment Holdings contributed all of the interests in Esquisto to Esquisto Holdings and the owner of Acquisition Co. contributed all of its interests in Acquisition Co. to Acquisition Co. Holdings and (iii) WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings contributed all of the interests in WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co., respectively, to us in exchange for shares of our common stock. We refer to these reorganization transactions as the “Corporate Reorganization.” As a result of the Corporate Reorganization, WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. became direct, wholly owned subsidiaries of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.  WHR II has two wholly owned subsidiaries – WildHorse Resources Management Company, LLC (“WHRM”) and Oakfield Energy LLC (“Oakfield”).  Esquisto has two wholly owned subsidiaries – Petromax E&P Burleson, LLC and Burleson Water Resources, LLC.  WHRM is the named operator for all oil and natural gas properties owned by us.  


	Basis of Presentation


	Our predecessor’s financial statements were retrospectively recast due to common control considerations. Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests were accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost. As such, the financial statements included herein for the three months ended March 31, 2016 have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to our predecessor and Esquisto. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries.


	Certain amounts in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. Gathering, processing, and transportation costs were previously accounted for as revenue deductions and are now being presented as costs and expenses on our statements of operations on a separate line item.  Oakfield drip condensate was reclassified from oil sales to other income.


	All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in preparation of our condensed consolidated and combined financial statements. The accompanying condensed consolidated and combined interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).


	14




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements



	Preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate the estimates and assumptions on a regular basis; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements. Significant estimates with regard to these financial statements include (1) the estimate of proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom; (2) depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; (3) valuation of accounts receivable; (4) accrued capital expenditures and liabilities; (5) asset retirement obligations (“ARO”); (6) environmental remediation costs; (7) valuation of derivative instruments; (8) contingent liabilities and (9) impairment expense. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates, and such revisions could be material.








	Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


	A discussion of our significant accounting policies and estimates is included in our 2016 Form 10-K.


	Supplemental Cash Flow Information


	Supplement cash flow for the periods presented (in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Supplemental cash flows:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest




	 




	$




	656




	 




	 




	$




	1,882




	 






	Noncash investing activities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Increase in capital expenditures in accounts payables and accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	25,528




	 




	 




	 




	6,535




	 







	 


	New Accounting Standards


	Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 

	In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an accounting standards update to simplify the guidance on employee share-based payment accounting. The update involved several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows. This new standard became effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2017 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  We elected to account for forfeitures on share-based payments by recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur.



	Other accounting standards that have been issued by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.






	Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures


	Acquisition-related costs


	Acquisition-related costs for both related party and third party transactions are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations for the periods indicated below (in thousands): 


	 






	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	$




	599




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	2017 Acquisitions




	We announced multiple transactions to acquire certain oil and natural gas producing and non-producing properties from third-parties in Burleson County, Texas.  On February 2, 2017, we closed one transaction for approximately $2.4 million, subject to


	15




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	customary post-closing adjustments.  We allocated $2.3 million of the purchase price to unproved oil and natural gas properties.  See “Note 18—Subsequent Events” for further information.


	  



	2016 Acquisitions


	Burleson North Acquisition

	.  As discussed in our 2016 Form 10-K, we completed an acquisition of approximately 158,000 net acres of oil and natural gas properties adjacent to our existing Eagle Ford acreage on December 19, 2016 in connection with our initial public offering (the “Burleson North Acquisition”). Funds wired on December 19, 2016 were $389.8 million.  During the three months ending March 31, 2017, we received a post-closing receipt of $3.9 million.  The following table summarizes the fair value assessment of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date after customary post-closing adjustments (in thousands).  We allocated $162.9 million of the purchase price to unproved oil and natural gas properties.  



	 


	 








	 




	 




	Purchase Price




	 






	Oil and natural gas properties




	 




	$




	395,591




	 






	Other property and equipment




	 




	 




	478




	 






	Accounts receivable




	 




	 




	1,257




	 






	Accounts payable




	 




	 




	(1,816




	)






	Asset retirement obligations




	 




	 




	(3,101




	)






	Accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	(6,503




	)






	Total identifiable net assets




	 




	$




	385,906




	 







	 


	Supplemental Pro forma Information

	.  The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for the three months ended March 31, 2016  as though the Burleson North Acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2015. The unaudited pro forma financial information was derived from the historical combined statements of operations of the predecessor and previous owners and adjusted to include: (i) the revenues and direct operating expenses associated with oil and natural gas properties acquired and (ii) depletion expense applied to the adjusted basis of the properties acquired. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of results of operations that would have occurred had the transaction occurred on the basis assumed above, nor is such information indicative of expected future results of operations.



	 






	 




	 




	For Three Months Ended March 31, 2016




	 






	Revenues




	 




	$




	35,334




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	(14,229




	)






	Basic and diluted earnings per unit




	 




	n/a




	 






	 






	Note 4. Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments


	Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at a specified measurement date. Fair value estimates are based on either (i) actual market data or (ii) assumptions that other market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including estimates of risk. A three-tier hierarchy has been established that classifies fair value amounts recognized or disclosed in the financial statements. The hierarchy considers fair value amounts based on observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) to be more reliable and predictable than those based primarily on unobservable inputs (Level 3). All of the derivative instruments reflected on the accompanying balance sheets were considered Level 2.


	Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


	The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivables, accounts payables (including accrued liabilities) and amounts outstanding under long-term debt agreements with variable rates included in the accompanying balance sheets approximated fair value at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. The fair value estimates are based upon observable market data and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. These assets and liabilities are not presented in the following tables.




	The fair market values of the derivative financial instruments reflected on the balance sheets as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 were based on estimated forward commodity prices (including nonperformance risk). Nonperformance risk is the


	16




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	risk that the obligation related to the derivative instrument will not be fulfilled. Financial assets and liabilities are classified based on


	the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities a


	nd their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.



	The following table presents the derivative assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 for each of the fair value hierarchy levels:


	 


	 








	 




	 




	Fair Value Measurements at March 31, 2017 Using




	 






	 




	 




	Quoted Prices


	in Active


	Market


	(Level 1)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Other


	Observable


	Inputs


	(Level 2)




	 




	 




	Significant Unobservable Inputs


	(Level 3)




	 




	 




	Fair Value




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands)




	 






	Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	15,689




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	15,689




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	6,697




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	6,697




	 






	 






	 




	 




	Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2016 Using




	 






	 




	 




	Quoted Prices


	in Active


	Market


	(Level 1)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Other


	Observable


	Inputs


	(Level 2)




	 




	 




	Significant


	Unobservable


	Inputs


	(Level 3)




	 




	 




	Fair Value




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands)




	 






	Assets:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	7




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	7




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Liabilities:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	22,185




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	22,185




	 







	Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis


	Certain assets and liabilities are reported at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as reflected on the balance sheets. The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair values:






	 





	•






	The fair value of AROs is based on discounted cash flow projections using numerous estimates, assumptions, and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal obligation for an ARO; amounts and timing of settlements; the credit-adjusted risk-free rate; and inflation rates. See “Note 8—Asset Retirement Obligations” for a summary of changes in AROs.











	 





	•






	If sufficient market data is not available, the determination of the fair values of proved and unproved properties acquired in transactions accounted for as business combinations are prepared by utilizing estimates of discounted cash flow projections. The factors to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of: (i) economic reserves; (ii) future operating and development costs; (iii) future commodity prices; and (iv) a market-based weighted average cost of capital. To compensate for the inherent risk of estimating and valuing unproved properties, the discounted future net revenues of probable and possible reserves are reduced by additional risk-weighting factors. The fair value of supporting equipment, such as plant assets, acquired in transactions accounted for as business combinations are commonly estimated using the depreciated replacement cost approach.











	 





	•






	Proved oil and natural gas properties are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value of such properties may not be recoverable. The factors used to determine fair value include, but are not limited to, estimates of proved reserves, future commodity prices, the timing of future production and capital expenditures and a discount rate commensurate with the risk reflective of the lives remaining for the respective oil and natural gas properties. We did not record impairments during the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.







	17




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 






	 





	•












	Unproved oil and natural gas properties are reviewed for impairment based on passage of time or geologic factors.  Information such as remaining lease terms, drilling results,


	reservoir performance, seismic interpretation or future plans to develop acreage is also considered.  When unproved properties are deemed to be impaired, the expense is recorded as a component of exploration expenses.  For the three months ended March 31,


	2017, we recorded $0.7 million of impairments of unproved properties.  We did not record any impairments for the three months ended March 31, 2016


	.











	Note 5. Risk Management and Derivative Instruments


	We have entered into certain derivative arrangements with respect to portions of our oil and natural gas production to reduce our sensitivity to volatile commodity prices. None of our derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. We believe that these derivative arrangements, although not free of risk, allow us to achieve more predictable cash flows and to reduce exposure to commodity price fluctuations. However, derivative arrangements limit the benefit of increases in the prices of oil and natural gas sales. Moreover, our derivative arrangements apply only to a portion of our production and provide only partial protection against declines in commodity prices. Such arrangements may expose us to risk of financial loss in certain circumstances. We continuously reevaluate our risk management program in light of changes in production, market conditions, commodity price forecasts, capital spending, interest rate forecasts and debt service requirements.


	Commodity Derivatives


	We have fixed price commodity swaps, collars and deferred purchased puts to accomplish our hedging strategy. Collars consist of a sold call and a purchased put that establishes a ceiling and floor price for expected future oil and natural gas sales. We recognize all derivative instruments at fair value; however, certain of our derivative instruments have a deferred premium. The deferred premium is factored into the fair value measurement and where the Company agrees to defer the premium paid or received until the time of settlement. Cash received on settled derivative positions during the three months ended March 31, 2017 is net of deferred premiums of $0.1 million.


	Derivative instruments are netted when the right to net exists under a master netting agreement, future liabilities and assets correspond to the same commodity type and future cash flows have the same balance sheet current or non-current classification. We have exposure to financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions. These transactions are with counterparties in the financial services industry, specifically only lenders under our revolving credit facility. These transactions could expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparties. We have master netting agreements for our derivative transactions with our counterparties and although we do not require collateral, we believe our counterparty risk is low because of the credit worthiness of our counterparties. See “Note 4—Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments” for further information.


	18






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	The following derivative contracts were in place a


	t March 31, 2017:



	  






	 




	 




	Remainder 2017




	 




	 




	2018




	 




	 




	2019




	 






	Natural Gas Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	6,346,000




	 




	 




	 




	11,565,800




	 




	 




	 




	9,877,900




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	3.15




	 




	 




	$




	3.03




	 




	 




	$




	2.81




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	4,140,000




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	3.36




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (MMBtu)




	 




	 




	3,095,895




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	3.40




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(0.37




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Crude Oil Derivative Contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fixed price swap contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	1,526,900




	 




	 




	 




	1,638,500




	 




	 




	 




	1,381,300




	 






	Weighted-average fixed price




	 




	$




	52.82




	 




	 




	$




	53.68




	 




	 




	$




	54.92




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Collar contracts:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	43,872




	 




	 




	 




	25,096




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	50.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average ceiling price




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	62.10




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Put options:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Volume (Bbls)




	 




	 




	1,325,036




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Weighted-average floor price




	 




	$




	55.00




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Weighted-average put premium




	 




	$




	(4.77




	)




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 







	Balance Sheet Presentation


	The following table summarizes both: (i) the gross fair value of derivative instruments by the appropriate balance sheet classification even when the derivative instruments are subject to netting arrangements and qualify for net presentation in the balance sheet and (ii) the net recorded fair value as reflected on the balance sheet at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. There was no cash collateral received or pledged associated with our derivative instruments since the counterparties to our derivative contracts are lenders under our credit agreement.


	 


	 








	 




	 




	 




	 




	Asset Derivatives




	 




	 




	Liability Derivatives




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	March 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 




	 




	March 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	Type




	 




	Balance Sheet Location




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Commodity contracts




	 




	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	$




	6,626




	 




	 




	$




	4




	 




	 




	$




	5,660




	 




	 




	$




	14,091




	 






	Netting arrangements




	 




	Short-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(952




	)




	 




	 




	(4




	)




	 




	 




	(952




	)




	 




	 




	(4




	)






	Net recorded fair value




	 




	 




	 




	$




	5,674




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	4,708




	 




	 




	$




	14,087




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Commodity contacts




	 




	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	$




	9,063




	 




	 




	$




	3




	 




	 




	$




	1,037




	 




	 




	$




	8,094




	 






	Netting arrangements




	 




	Long-term derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(670




	)




	 




	 




	(3




	)




	 




	 




	(670




	)




	 




	 




	(3




	)






	Net recorded fair value




	 




	 




	 




	$




	8,393




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	367




	 




	 




	$




	8,091




	 







	19




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	(Gains) & Losses on Derivatives



	All gains and losses, including changes in the derivative instruments’ fair values, are included as a component of “Other income (expense)” in the Statements of Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Operations. The following table details the gains and losses related to derivative instruments for the three months ending March 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	Statements of




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	Operations Location




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Commodity derivative contracts




	 




	(Gain)

	 

	loss on commodity derivatives




	 




	$




	(31,291




	)




	 




	$




	(3,246




	)






	 








	Note 6. Accounts Receivable


	Accounts receivable consist of the following (in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	March  31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Oil, natural gas and NGL sales




	 




	$




	17,309




	 




	 




	$




	13,390




	 






	Joint interest billings




	 




	 




	8,993




	 




	 




	 




	7,898




	 






	Severance tax




	 




	 




	89




	 




	 




	 




	392




	 






	Other current receivables




	 




	 




	755




	 




	 




	 




	4,848




	 






	Allowance for doubtful accounts




	 




	 




	(100




	)




	 




	 




	(100




	)






	Total




	 




	$




	27,046




	 




	 




	$




	26,428




	 







	 








	Note 7. Accrued Liabilities


	Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):


	 






	 




	 




	March 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Capital expenditures




	 




	$




	43,462




	 




	 




	$




	17,934




	 






	Deferred rent




	 




	 




	392




	 




	 




	 




	386




	 






	Lease operating expense




	 




	 




	2,565




	 




	 




	 




	2,608




	 






	General and administrative




	 




	 




	2,849




	 




	 




	 




	1,471




	 






	Severance and ad valorem taxes




	 




	 




	2,220




	 




	 




	 




	194




	 






	Interest expense




	 




	 




	4,014




	 




	 




	 




	346




	 






	Other accrued liabilities




	 




	 




	501




	 




	 




	 




	432




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	56,003




	 




	 




	$




	23,371




	 







	 








	Note 8. Asset Retirement Obligations


	The Company’s AROs primarily relate to the Company’s portion of future plugging and abandonment costs for wells and related facilities.  The following table presents the changes in the asset retirement obligations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 (in thousands): 


	 






	Asset retirement obligations at beginning of period




	 




	$




	11,033




	 






	Accretion expense




	 




	 




	150




	 






	Liabilities incurred




	 




	 




	60




	 






	Revisions




	 




	 




	(285




	)






	Asset retirement obligations at end of period




	 




	 




	10,958




	 






	Less: current portion




	 




	 




	(90




	)






	Asset retirement obligations – long-term




	 




	$




	10,868




	 







	 


	20






	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 









	Note 9. Long


	Term Debt



	Our debt obligations consisted of the following at the dates indicated (in thousands):


	 


	 






	 




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31,




	 






	Credit Facility




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	$




	—




	 




	 




	$




	242,750




	 






	6.875% senior unsecured notes, due February 2025 (1)




	 




	 




	350,000




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Unamortized discounts




	 




	 




	(2,604




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Unamortized debt issuance costs - 6.875% senior unsecured notes




	 




	 




	(8,613




	)




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Total long-term debt




	 




	$




	338,783




	 




	 




	$




	242,750




	 







	 







	(1)





	The estimated fair value of this fixed-rate debt was $338.2 million at March 31, 2017.  The estimated fair value is based on quoted market prices and is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.








	Borrowing Base


	Credit facilities tied to borrowing base are common throughout the oil and natural gas industry.  Our borrowing base is subject to redetermination, on at least a semi-annual basis, primarily based on estimated proved reserves. The borrowing base for our credit facility was the following at the date indicated (in thousands):


	 

	 







	 




	 




	March 31,




	 






	Credit Facility




	 




	2017




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	$




	362,500




	 







	 


	Subsequent Events

	.  


	On April 4, 2017, WRD’s revolving credit facility borrowing base was increased to $450.0 million in connection with the semi-annual borrowing redetermination by the lenders.  On April 27, 2017, standby letters of credit of $1.9 million were issued to the Railroad Commission of Texas under our revolving credit facility. 



	2025 Senior Notes


	On February 1, 2017, we completed a private placement of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”).  The 2025 Senior Notes were issued at a price of 99.244% of par and resulted in net proceeds of approximately $338.6 million.  The 2025 Senior Notes will mature on February 1, 2025 and interest is payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year.  The 2025 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of our existing and certain future subsidiaries (subject to customary release provisions).  The consummation of our 2025 Senior Notes offering automatically reduced the borrowing base of our revolving credit facility by $87.5 million. The net proceeds from the 2025 Senior Notes were used to repay borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.


	We may redeem all or any part of the 2025 Senior Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, at any time before February 1, 2020.  We may also redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes prior to February 1, 2020 in an amount not greater than the net cash proceeds from one or more equity offerings at a redemption price of 106.875% of the principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


	21




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	In connection with the issuance


	and sale of the 2025 Senior Notes, the Company and our subsidiary guarantors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) with a representative of the initial purchasers of the 2025 Senior Notes, dated February 1, 201


	7. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, we agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC so that holders of the 2025 Senior Notes can exchange the 2025 Senior Notes for registered notes that have substantially identical terms. In addition,


	we have agreed to exchange the guarantees related to the 2025 Senior Notes for registered guarantees having substantially the same terms as the original guarantees. The Company and the guarantors will use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause the


	exchange to be consummated within 365 days after the issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes. The Company and the guarantors are required to pay additional interest if they fail to comply with their obligations to register the 2025 Senior Notes within the specif


	ied time periods.





	Weighted-Average Interest Rates


	The following table presents the weighted-average interest rates paid on our consolidated and combined variable-rate debt obligations for the periods presented:


	 


	 






	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	Credit Facility




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility




	 




	 




	3.52




	%




	 




	n/a




	 






	WHR II revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	3.00




	%






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated December 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	2.81




	%






	Esquisto - revolving credit facility terminated January 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	2.97




	%






	Esquisto - Second lien terminated in January 2016




	 




	n/a




	 




	 




	 




	9.50




	%









	Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs


	Unamortized deferred financing costs associated with our consolidated debt obligations were as follows at the dates indicated (in thousands):


	 


	 






	 




	 




	March 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	WRD revolving credit facility (1)




	 




	$




	2,479




	 




	 




	$




	2,904




	 






	6.875% senior unsecured notes, due February 2025




	 




	 




	8,613




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	11,092




	 




	 




	$




	2,904




	 







	 






	 





	(1)





	We classified $0.5 million and $0.6 million of unamortized deferred financing costs at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, under current assets as a component of “prepaid expenses and other current assets.”












	Note 10. Equity


	Common Stock


	The Company’s authorized capital stock includes 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share. The following is a summary of the changes in our common shares issued for the three months ended March 31, 2017:


	 


	 






	Balance, December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	91,680,441




	 






	Common stock issued




	 




	 




	2,297,100




	 






	Restricted common stock issued




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	Balance, March 31, 2017




	 




	 




	93,987,541




	 







	 


	On January 17, 2017, we issued and sold 2,297,100 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $15.00 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option associated with our initial public offering the (“Option Exercise”). We received net proceeds of $32.6 million from the Option Exercise, all of which was used to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.


	22




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	See “Note 12—Long Term Incentive Plan” for additional information regarding the shares of restricted common stock that were granted in conn


	ection with our initial public offering. Restricted shares of common stock are considered issued and outstanding on the grant date of the restricted stock award.



	Predecessor Equity


	The predecessor received capital contributions of $12.8 million from its members during the three months ended March 31, 2016. 








	Note 11. Earnings per share


	The following sets forth the calculation of earnings (loss) per share, or EPS, for the three months ending March 31, 2017 (in thousands, except per share amounts):


	 


	 






	Numerator:




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	20,252




	 






	Denominator:




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in thousands) (1)




	 




	 




	93,216




	 






	Basic EPS




	 




	$




	0.22




	 






	Diluted EPS (1)




	 




	$




	0.22




	 







	 







	(1)





	The Company determines the more dilutive of either the two-class method or the treasury stock method for diluted EPS. The two-class method was more dilutive for the three months ended March 31, 2017.  For the three months ended March 31, 2017, 6 incremental shares were included in the calculation of diluted EPS under the treasury stock method.












	Note 12. Long Term Incentive Plans


	In connection with our initial public offering, our board of directors adopted the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (or “2016 LTIP”). The 2016 LTIP, authorizes the issuance of 9,512,500 shares of our common stock.  The following table summarizes information regarding restricted common stock awards granted under the 2016 LTIP for the periods presented:


	 






	 




	 




	Number of Shares




	 




	 




	Weighted-Average


	Grant Date Fair


	Value per Share (1)




	 






	Restricted common stock outstanding at December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	353,334




	 




	 




	$




	14.50




	 






	Granted (2)




	 




	 




	10,000




	 




	 




	$




	14.22




	 






	Restricted common stock outstanding at March 31, 2017




	 




	 




	363,334




	 




	 




	$




	14.49




	 







	 







	(1)





	Determined by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of shares subject to granted awards by the number of awards.











	(2)





	The aggregate grant date fair value of restricted common stock awards granted in 2017 was $0.1 million based on grant date market price of $14.22 per share.






	For the three months ended March 31, 2017, we recorded $0.5 million of recognized compensation expense associated with these awards.  Unrecognized compensation cost associated with the restricted common stock awards was an aggregate of $4.7 million at March 31, 2017.  We expect to recognize the unrecognized compensation cost for these awards over a weighted-average period of 2.58 years.


	 


	23




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 









	Note 13. Inc


	entive Units



	The governing documents of WHR II provided for the issuance of incentive units. WHR II granted incentive units to certain of its members who were key employees at the time of grant. The incentive units were accounted for similar to liability-classified awards as achievement of the payout conditions required settlement of such awards by transferring cash to the incentive unit holder. Compensation cost was recognized only if the performance condition was probable of being satisfied at each reporting date.

	The payment likelihood related to the WHR II incentive units was not deemed probable for the three months ended March 31, 2016.  As such, no compensation expense was recognized by our predecessor.



	In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, the WHR II incentive units were transferred to WildHorse Investment Holdings in exchange for substantially similar incentive units in WildHorse Investment Holdings and WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings granted certain officers and employees awards of incentive units in WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings. The fair value of the incentive units will be remeasured on a quarterly basis until all payments have been made.  Any future compensation expense recognized will be a non-cash charge, with the settlement obligation resting with WildHorse Investment Holdings, WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings, respectively.  Accordingly, no payments will ever be made by us related to these incentive units; however, non-cash compensation expense (income) will be allocated to us in future periods offset by deemed capital contributions (distributions). As such, these awards are not dilutive to our stockholders. Compensation cost is recognized only if the performance condition is probable of being satisfied at each reporting date. The payment likelihood related to these incentive units was not deemed probable at March 31, 2017.  As such, no compensation expense was recognized by us.  Unrecognized compensation costs associated with these incentive units was $27.6 million at March 31, 2017.


	The fair value of the incentive units was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model with the following key assumptions:


	 








	 




	 




	Incentive Unit Valuation As Of March 31, 2017






	Expected life (years)




	 




	1.29 - 5.54






	Expected volatility (range)




	 




	57.0% - 64.0%






	Dividend yield




	 




	0.0%






	Risk-free rate (range)




	 




	1.09% - 1.99%







	 






	Note 14. Related Party Transactions


	Board of Directors Relationships


	Mr. Grant E. Sims has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017. Mr. Sims has served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of the general partner of Genesis Energy Partners, L.P. (“Genesis”) since August 2006 and Chairman of the board of directors of the general partner since October 2012. Genesis is one of our purchasers of hydrocarbons and other liquids. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, we received $0.9 million from Genesis.  


	NGP Affiliated Companies


	Highmark Energy Operating, LLC.  

	During the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, we received net payments of less than $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, from Highmark Energy Operating, LLC, a NGP affiliated company, for non-operated working interests in oil and natural gas properties we operate.  



	Cretic Energy Services, LLC.  

	During the three months ended 2016, we made payments of $0.1 million to Cretic Energy Services, LLC, a NGP affiliated company, for services related to our drilling and completion activities. We did not record any related party payments or receipts for the three months ended March 31, 2017.



	PennTex Midstream Partners, LP.

	During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we made net payments of less than $0.1 million to PennTex Midstream Partners, LP (“PennTex”), a former NGP affiliated company, for the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas and NGLs.  Our related party relationship ceased in the fall of 2016 when a third-party acquired controlling interests in PennTex.



	24




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	WildHorse Resources, LLC


	. WildHorse Resources, LLC (“WHR”), an entity formerly under common control with WHR II,


	ceased being a related party in September 2016 when its parent company was acquired by a third party. During the three months ended March 31,


	2016, we paid net payments of less than $0.1 million to WHR’s parent company for non-operated working interests in oil and natural gas properties we operate.  



	NGP X US Holdings LP.  

	Our predecessor paid NGP X US Holdings LP. less than $0.1 million during the three months ended March 31, 2016 for director fees.



	CH4 Energy.

	  CH4 Energy entities are NGP affiliated companies and Mr. Brannon is President of these entities.  During the three months ended March 31, 2017 we had net receipts of $0.3 million from certain CH4 Energy entities for non-operated working interests in oil and natural gas properties we operate.  We did not have any related party payments or receipts for the three months ended March 31, 2016.



	Promissory Notes.

	 


	WHR II issued promissory notes in favor of certain members of WHR II’s management to fund future capital commitments and carried


	an interest rate of 2.5%


	.  On November, 9, 2016, the management members conveyed to the predecessor certain ownership interests in the predecessor in exchange for the discharge in full and the termination of all the promissory note advances then outstanding.




	There were no management payments of promissory note interest during the three months ended March 31, 2016.


	 



	Previous Owner Related Party Transactions


	Notes payable to members.  

	During the three months ended March 31, 2016, Esquisto accrued $1.0 million, as general and administrative expenses payable to its members. In connection with our initial public offering, the Esquisto notes payable to its members were paid off.



	Services provided by member.  

	Esquisto paid Calbri Energy, Inc. (“Calbri”), a less than 1% former owner, $0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016, for completion consulting services.  



	Operator.

	Esquisto paid Petromax Operating Company, Inc. (“Petromax”), who was the operator of the majority of Esquisto’s wells, $0.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2016 for overhead charges on drilling and producing wells at market rates as set forth in joint operating agreements and in accordance with an operating agreement between Petromax and Esquisto. Petromax is owned 33.3% by Mike Hoover, the former Chief Operating Officer of Esquisto, who also indirectly owned one of the former members of Esquisto.  



	Related Party Agreements


	Registration Rights Agreement and Stockholders’ Agreement


	A discussion of these agreements is included in our 2016 Form 10-K.


	Transition Services Agreement


	Upon the closing of our initial public offering, we entered into a transition services agreement with CH4 Energy IV, LLC, PetroMax and Crossing Rocks Energy, LLC (collectively, the “Service Providers”), pursuant to which the Service Providers agreed to provide certain engineering, land, operating and financial services to us for six months relating to our Eagle Ford Acreage. In exchange for such services, we will pay a monthly management fee to the Service Providers.  NGP and certain former management members of Esquisto own the Service Providers.  During the three months ended March 31, 2017, we paid the Service Providers $0.1 million.






	Note 15. Segment Disclosures




	Our chief executive officer has been identified as our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”).  We have identified two operating segments – the Eagle Ford and North Louisiana – that have been aggregated into one reportable segment that is engaged in the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources in the United States.  Our reportable segment includes midstream operations that primarily support the Company’s oil and natural gas producing activities.  There are no differences between reportable segment revenues and consolidated revenues.  Furthermore, all of our revenues are from external


	25




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 



	customers.  The Company u


	ses Adjusted EBITDAX as its measure of profit or loss to assess performance and allocate resources.  Information regarding assets by reportable segment is not presented because it is not reviewed by the CODM.



	The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDAX (in thousands):


	 








	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Adjusted EBITDAX reconciliation to net (loss) income:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	20,252




	 




	 




	$




	(14,216




	)






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	5,571




	 




	 




	 




	1,972




	 






	Income tax (benefit) expense




	 




	 




	11,700




	 




	 




	 




	139




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	26,443




	 




	 




	 




	22,063




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	1,615




	 




	 




	 




	7,443




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(31,291




	)




	 




	 




	(3,246




	)






	Cash settlements received (paid) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(983




	)




	 




	 




	3,373




	 






	Stock-based compensation




	 




	 




	495




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Acquisition related costs




	 




	 




	599




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	(11




	)




	 




	 




	358




	 






	Public offering costs




	 




	 




	182




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Non-cash liability amortization




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(183




	)






	Total Adjusted EBITDAX




	 




	$




	34,572




	 




	 




	$




	17,703




	 







	 






	Note 16. Income Taxes


	The Company is a corporation subject to federal and state income taxes.

	Prior to our initial public offering, we were primarily organized as pass-through entities for federal income tax purposes and were not subject to federal income taxes; however, one of our predecessor subsidiaries previously elected to be taxed as a corporation and was subject to federal and state income taxes.

	Compensation expense or benefit associated with the incentive units (discussed in Note 13) creates a nondeductible permanent difference for income tax purposes. 


	Income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $11.7 million compared to income tax expense of $0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The period-to-period increase was primarily a result of being a corporation subject to federal and state income tax subsequent to our initial public offering. The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was 36.6% and negative 1.0%, respectively. The effective tax rate differed from the statutory federal income tax rate during the three months ended March 31, 2017 primarily due to the impact of state income tax (net of federal benefit).  The effective tax rate differed from the statutory federal income tax rate during the three months ended March 31, 2016 primarily due to the impact of pass-through entities and state income tax (net of federal benefit).


	The Company reported no liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2017 and expects no significant change to the unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months.




	Note 17. Commitme


	nts and Contingencies


	Litigation & Environmental


	We are party to various ongoing and threatened legal actions relating to our entitled ownership interests in certain properties. We evaluate the merits of existing and potential claims and accrue a liability for any that meet the recognition criteria and can be reasonably estimated. We did not recognize any liability as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. Our estimates are based on information known about the matters and the input of attorneys experienced in contesting, litigating, and settling similar matters. Actual amounts could differ from our estimates and other claims could be asserted.


	From time to time, we could be liable for environmental claims arising in the ordinary course of business. No environmental obligations were recognized at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016.


	26




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Firm Gas Transportation Service Agreement



	The Company has an existing firm gas transportation service agreement with Regency Intrastate Gas LLC as discussed in our 2016 Form 10-K.



	Letters of Credit and Certificate of Deposit



	The company has existing standby letters of credit issued to the Louisiana Office of Conservation and the Railroad Commission of Texas.  These standby letters of credit are cash collateralized by certificates of deposits.  The fair value of the certificates of deposits were $0.8 million and $0.9 million at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, and were recorded on our balance sheet as restricted cash.  


	Dedicated Fracturing Fleet Services Agreement


	During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company entered into a 20-month dedicated fracturing fleet services agreement to complete wells in a timely manner following conclusion of drilling operations. The agreement may be extended for an additional twelve months. We have agreed to pay a fixed monthly service fee of $2.7 million that covers the cost of equipment and personnel.  In addition to the fixed monthly service charge, we have agreed to pay $6,000 for each stage completed in excess of 360 stages per calendar quarter.  We have also agreed to pay a pass through fee for the cost of chemicals and fuel plus 10%.  We have the right to terminate the contract with appropriate notice; however, an early termination fee of approximately $1.4 million times the number of months remaining under the initial term of the contract would be payable on the termination date.


	Interruptible Water Availability Agreement


	The Company entered into an interruptible water availability agreement with the Brazos River Authority (“BRA”) that began on February 1, 2017 and ends on December 31, 2021.  The agreement provides us with an aggregate of 6,978 acre-feet of water per year from the Brazos River at prices that may be adjusted periodically by BRA. The agreement requires annual payments to be made on or before February 15 of each year during the term of the agreement.  We recorded a payment of $0.4 million during the three months ended March 31, 2017.








	Note 18. Subsequent Events


	APC/KKR Acquisition


	On May 10, 2017, we, through our new wholly owned subsidiary, WHR Eagle Ford LLC (“WHR EF”),  entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “First Acquisition Agreement”) by and among WHR EF, as purchaser, and Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC (“APC”), Admiral A Holding L.P., TE Admiral A Holding L.P. and Aurora C-I Holding L.P. (collectively, “KKR” and, together with APC, the “First Sellers”), as sellers, to acquire certain acres and associated production in Burleson, Brazos, Lee, Milam, Robertson, and Washington Counties, Texas (the “Purchase”). Also on May 10, 2017, WHR EF entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (together, with the First Acquisition Agreement, the “Acquisition Agreements”), by and among WHR EF, as purchaser, and APC and Anadarko Energy Services Company (together, with APC, the “APC Subs” and together, with the First Sellers, the “Sellers”), as sellers, to acquire certain acres and associated production in Burleson, Brazos, Lee, Milam, Robertson, and Washington Counties, Texas (together, with the Purchase, the “Acquisition”).


	Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreements, we are acquiring approximately 111,000 aggregate net acres and the associated production therefrom. The aggregate purchase price for the assets, as described in the Acquisition Agreements, subject to customary adjustments as provided in the Acquisition Agreements, consists of approximately $556 million of cash to the APC Subs, as applicable, and approximately 6.3 million shares of our common stock valued at approximately $69 million to KKR (in the aggregate, the “Purchase Price”).  The common stock portion of the Purchase price payable to KKR will be issued pursuant to a Stock Issuance Agreement that was executed, on May 10, 2017 (the “Stock Issuance Agreement”), by and among us and KKR. We and KKR have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Stock Issuance Agreement. The closing of the common stock issuance is conditioned upon and will occur simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition.

	We and the Sellers have made customary rep

	resentations, warranties and covenants in the Acquisition Agreements. The Sellers have made certain additional customary covenants, including, among others, covenants to conduct its business in the ordinary course between the execution of the Acquisition Agreements and the closing of the Acquisition and not to engage in certain kinds of transactions during that period, subject to certain exceptions. The Sellers have agreed not to take certain specified actions without our consent during the time between execution of the Acquisition Agreements and the closing of the Acquisition.


	27




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	Consummation of the Acquisition is subject to customary conditions. The Acquisition is expected to close on or about June 30, 2017 with an effective date of January 1, 2017. The Acqu


	isition Agreements may be terminated under customary circumstances.




	Preferred Stock Issuance



	To partially fund the cash portion of the Purchase Price, on May 10, 2017, we entered in to a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement”), by and among us and CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P. (“Carlyle”), an affiliate of The Carlyle Group, whereby we agreed to issue and sell to Carlyle, and Carlyle agreed to purchase from us, 435,000 shares of our preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, designated as “Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Preferred Stock”), having terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations, a form of which is an annex to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.


	The Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and with respect to rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution.  The Preferred Stock will have an initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and will pay a dividend rate of 6% per annum in cash or, if a cash dividend is not declared and paid in respect of any dividend payment period, by adding additional amounts to the liquidation preference in kind. The Preferred Stock will also participate in dividends and distributions on our common stock on an as-converted basis. If at any time following the 30-month anniversary of the issuance date the closing sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 130% of the Conversion Price (as defined below) for at least 25 consecutive trading days, our obligation to pay dividends on the Preferred Stock shall terminate permanently.


	The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders at any time following the first anniversary of the closing date into the amount of shares of common stock per share of Preferred Stock (such rate, the “Conversion Rate”) equal to (i) the quotient of (A) the sum of the Liquidation Preference (as defined in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement) plus an amount equal to the accrued but unpaid dividends and distributions not previously added to the Liquidation Preference divided by (B) a conversion price of $13.90 (the “Conversion Price”), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.  The holders of Preferred Stock may also convert their Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate prior to the first anniversary of the closing date in connection with certain change of control transactions and in connection with sales of common stock by certain of our existing shareholders.


	Following the fourth anniversary of the closing date, the Company may cause the conversion of the Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate, provided the closing sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 140% of the Conversion Price for the 20 trading days ending on and including the date of delivery of the Company’s notice to convert and subject to certain other requirements regarding registration of the shares issuable upon conversion.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall only be permitted to deliver one conversion notice during any 180 day period and the number of shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock for which such automatic conversion notice is given shall be limited to 25 times the average daily trading volume of our common stock during the 20 trading days ending on and including the date of delivery of the Company’s notice to convert.


	If the Company undergoes certain change of control transactions, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem the Preferred Stock for cash in an amount equal to the Liquidation Preference, plus the net present value of dividend payments that would have been accrued as payable to the holders following the date of the consummation of such change of control and through the day that is 30 months after the closing date, in the case of any change of control occurring prior to the 30-month anniversary of the closing date (the “COC Redemption Price”).  In addition, the Company will have the right in connection with any such change of control transaction to redeem any Preferred Stock that is not otherwise converted or redeemed as described in the preceding sentence for cash at the COC Redemption Price.


	At any time after the fifth anniversary of the closing date, the Company may redeem the Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, for an amount in cash equal to, per each share of Preferred Stock, (i) on or prior to the sixth anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 112%, (ii) on or prior to the seventh anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 109% or (ii) after the seventh anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 106%.


	Until conversion, the holders of the Preferred Stock will vote together with our common stock on an as-converted basis and will also have rights to vote as a separate class on certain matters impacting the Preferred Stock. However, the Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote with the common stock on an as-converted basis, will not be convertible into our common stock and will not be entitled to the board election rights described below until the later of (i) the 21st day after the date on which we mail to our shareholders an information statement regarding the issuance of the Preferred Stock and (ii) the date certain required regulatory approvals are obtained.


	In addition, Carlyle as a holder of Preferred Stock will be entitled to elect (i) two directors to our board of directors for so long as Carlyle owns 10% of our outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis and (ii) one board seat for so long as Carlyle holds 5% of our outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis.


	The closing of the Preferred Stock issuance is conditioned upon and will close simultaneously with the closing of the Acquisition.


	28




	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	 





	As conditions to closing under the Stock Issuance Agreement and the Preferred Purchase Agreement we have agreed to amend and restate our existing registration rights agreement with WHR Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Holdings, LLC,


	WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., Jay C. Graham and Anthony Bahr in order to grant certain registration rights to KKR and Carlyle.



	The remainder of the cash portion of the Purchase Price is to be funded by borrowings under our revolving credit facility.



	Eagle Ford Acquisitions



	In February 2017, we announced multiple transactions to acquire certain oil and natural gas producing and non-producing properties from third-parties in Burleson County, Texas.  We closed one transaction in February 2017 as discussed in “Note 3—Acquisitions and Divestitures.”  The remaining transactions closed in April 2017 for an aggregate price of approximately $13.2 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.


	 


	 


	 


	29







	 











	ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF


	FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes in “Item 1. Financial Statements” contained herein and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the SEC on March 31, 2017 (“2016 Form 10-K”). The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, market prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, production volumes, estimates of proved reserves, capital expenditures, economic and competitive conditions, drilling results, regulatory changes and other uncertainties, as well as those factors discussed in “Part I—Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our 2016 Form 10-K, “Part II—Item 1A. Risk Factors” contained in this Quarterly Report and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the front of the Quarterly Report. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur.  We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law.


	Overview


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation, the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “WRD.”


	We operate in one reportable segment engaged in the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL resources. Our assets are characterized by concentrated acreage positions in Southeast Texas and North Louisiana with multiple producing stratigraphic horizons, or stacked pay zones, and attractive single-well rates of return. In Southeast Texas, we primarily operate in Burleson, Lee and Washington Counties where we primarily target the Eagle Ford Shale. In North Louisiana, we operate in and around the highly prolific Terryville Complex, where we primarily target the over-pressured Cotton Valley play.


	As of December 31, 2016, we had assembled a total leasehold position of approximately 467,319 gross (371,198 net) acres across our expanding acreage, including approximately 321,661 gross (262,742 net) acres in the Eagle Ford and approximately 145,658 gross (108,456 net) acres in North Louisiana. We have identified a total of approximately 4,548 gross (2,350 net) drilling locations across our acreage as of December 31, 2016.


	Recent Developments


	APC/KKR Acquisition


	On May 10, 2017, we, through our new wholly owned subsidiary, WHR Eagle Ford LLC (“WHR EF”),  entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “First Acquisition Agreement”) by and among WHR EF, as purchaser, and Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC (“APC”), Admiral A Holding L.P., TE Admiral A Holding L.P. and Aurora C-I Holding L.P. (collectively, “KKR” and, together with APC, the “First Sellers”), as sellers, to acquire certain acres and associated production in Burleson, Brazos, Lee, Milam, Robertson, and Washington Counties, Texas (the “Purchase”). Also on May 10, 2017, WHR EF entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (together, with the First Acquisition Agreement, the “Acquisition Agreements”), by and among WHR EF, as purchaser, and APC and Anadarko Energy Services Company (together, with APC, the “APC Subs” and together, with the First Sellers, the “Sellers”), as sellers, to acquire certain acres and associated production in Burleson, Brazos, Lee, Milam, Robertson, and Washington Counties, Texas (together, with the Purchase, the “Acquisition”).


	Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreements, we are acquiring approximately 111,000 aggregate net acres and the associated production therefrom. The aggregate purchase price for the assets, as described in the Acquisition Agreements, subject to customary adjustments as provided in the Acquisition Agreements, consists of approximately $556 million of cash to the APC Subs, as applicable, and approximately 6.3 million shares of our common stock valued at approximately $69 million to KKR (in the aggregate, the “Purchase Price”).  The common stock portion of the Purchase price payable to KKR will be issued pursuant to a Stock Issuance Agreement that was executed, on May 10, 2017 (the “Stock Issuance Agreement”), by and among us and KKR. We and KKR have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Stock Issuance Agreement. The closing of the common stock issuance is conditioned upon and will occur simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition.

	We and the Sellers have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Acquisition Agreements. The Sellers have made certain additional customary covenants, including, among others, covenants to conduct its business in the ordinary

	course between the execution of the Acquisition Agreements and the closing of the Acquisition and not to engage in certain kinds of transactions during that period, subject to certain exceptions. The Sellers have agreed not to take certain specified actions without our consent during the time between execution of the Acquisition Agreements and the closing of the Acquisition.


	30




	 





	Consummation of the Acquisition is subject to customary conditions. The Acquisition is expected to close on or about June 30, 2017 wi


	th an effective date of January 1, 2017. The Acquisition Agreements may be terminated under customary circumstances.



	The foregoing summary of the Acquisition Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Acquisition Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 2.2 and 2.3 to this Quarterly Report, and incorporated herein by reference.



	Preferred Stock Issuance



	To partially fund the cash portion of the Purchase Price, on May 10, 2017, we entered in to a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement”), by and among us and CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P. (“Carlyle”), an affiliate of The Carlyle Group, whereby we agreed to issue and sell to Carlyle, and Carlyle agreed to purchase from us, 435,000 shares of our preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, designated as “Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “Preferred Stock”), having terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations, a form of which is an annex to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.


	The Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and with respect to rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution.  The Preferred Stock will have an initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and will pay a dividend rate of 6% per annum in cash or, if a cash dividend is not declared and paid in respect of any dividend payment period, by adding additional amounts to the liquidation preference in kind. The Preferred Stock will also participate in dividends and distributions on our common stock on an as-converted basis. If at any time following the 30-month anniversary of the issuance date the closing sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 130% of the Conversion Price (as defined below) for at least 25 consecutive trading days, our obligation to pay dividends on the Preferred Stock shall terminate permanently.


	The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders at any time following the first anniversary of the closing date into the amount of shares of common stock per share of Preferred Stock (such rate, the “Conversion Rate”) equal to (i) the quotient of (A) the sum of the Liquidation Preference (as defined in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement) plus an amount equal to the accrued but unpaid dividends and distributions not previously added to the Liquidation Preference divided by (B) a conversion price of $13.90 (the “Conversion Price”), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.  The holders of Preferred Stock may also convert their Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate prior to the first anniversary of the closing date in connection with certain change of control transactions and in connection with sales of common stock by certain of our existing shareholders.


	Following the fourth anniversary of the closing date, the Company may cause the conversion of the Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate, provided the closing sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 140% of the Conversion Price for the 20 trading days ending on and including the date of delivery of the Company’s notice to convert and subject to certain other requirements regarding registration of the shares issuable upon conversion.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall only be permitted to deliver one conversion notice during any 180 day period and the number of shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock for which such automatic conversion notice is given shall be limited to 25 times the average daily trading volume of our common stock during the 20 trading days ending on and including the date of delivery of the Company’s notice to convert.


	If the Company undergoes certain change of control transactions, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem the Preferred Stock for cash in an amount equal to the Liquidation Preference, plus the net present value of dividend payments that would have been accrued as payable to the holders following the date of the consummation of such change of control and through the day that is 30 months after the closing date, in the case of any change of control occurring prior to the 30-month anniversary of the closing date (the “COC Redemption Price”).  In addition, the Company will have the right in connection with any such change of control transaction to redeem any Preferred Stock that is not otherwise converted or redeemed as described in the preceding sentence for cash at the COC Redemption Price.


	At any time after the fifth anniversary of the closing date, the Company may redeem the Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, for an amount in cash equal to, per each share of Preferred Stock, (i) on or prior to the sixth anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 112%, (ii) on or prior to the seventh anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 109% or (ii) after the seventh anniversary of the closing date, the Liquidation Preference multiplied by 106%.


	Until conversion, the holders of the Preferred Stock will vote together with our common stock on an as-converted basis and will also have rights to vote as a separate class on certain matters impacting the Preferred Stock. However, the Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote with the common stock on an as-converted basis, will not be convertible into our common stock and will not be entitled to the board election rights described below until the later of (i) the 21st day after the date on which we mail to our shareholders an information statement regarding the issuance of the Preferred Stock and (ii) the date certain required regulatory approvals are obtained.


	In addition, Carlyle as a holder of Preferred Stock will be entitled to elect (i) two directors to our board of directors for so long as Carlyle owns 10% of our outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis and (ii) one board seat for so long as Carlyle holds 5% of our outstanding common stock on an as-converted basis.


	31




	 





	The closing of the Preferred Stock issuance is conditi


	oned upon and will close simultaneously with the closing of the Acquisition.



	As conditions to closing under the Stock Issuance Agreement and the Preferred Purchase Agreement we have agreed to amend and restate our existing registration rights agreement with WHR Holdings, LLC, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., Jay C. Graham and Anthony Bahr in order to grant certain registration rights to KKR and Carlyle.


	The remainder of the cash portion of the Purchase Price is to be funded by borrowings under our revolving credit facility.


	The foregoing summary of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 4.4 to this Quarterly Report and incorporated herein by reference.


	Borrowing Base Redetermination


	On April 4, 2017, our revolving credit facility borrowing base was increased from $362.5 million to $450.0 million in connection with the semi-annual borrowing base redetermination by our lenders.  In addition to our semi-annual borrowing base redetermination, we amended our revolving credit facility to add additional lenders.


	Eagle Ford Acquisitions


	In February 2017, we announced multiple transactions to acquire certain oil and natural gas producing and non-producing properties from third-parties in Burleson County, Texas for an aggregate price of approximately $15.6 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.  One transaction closed in February 2017 and the remaining transactions closed in April 2017.


	Sources of Our Revenues


	Our revenues are derived from the sale of our oil and natural gas production, the sale of NGLs that are extracted from our natural gas during processing, and the gathering charge paid by certain third parties for their share of volumes that run through our gathering system. Production revenues are derived entirely from the continental United States.


	Natural gas, NGL and oil prices are inherently volatile and are influenced by many factors outside our control. In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in natural gas and oil prices on revenues, or to protect the economics of property acquisitions, we intend to periodically enter into derivative contracts with respect to a significant portion of estimated natural gas and oil production through various transactions that fix the future prices received. Our oil, natural gas and NGL revenues do not include the effects of derivatives.


	Principal Components of Cost Structure


	Costs associated with producing oil, natural gas and NGLs are substantial. Some of these costs vary with commodity prices, some trend with the type and volume of production, and others are a function of the number of wells we own. The sections below summarize the primary operating costs we typically incur.






	 





	•






	Lease Operating Expenses.


	Lease operating expenses (“LOE”) are the costs incurred in the operation of producing properties and workover costs. Expenses for utilities, direct labor, water injection and disposal, workover rigs and workover expenses, materials and supplies comprise the most significant portion of our LOE. Certain items, such as direct labor and materials and supplies, generally remain relatively fixed across broad production volume ranges, but can fluctuate depending on activities performed during a specific period. For instance, repairs to our pumping equipment or surface facilities result in increased LOE in periods during which they are performed. Certain of our operating cost components are variable and increase or decrease as the level of produced hydrocarbons and water increases or decreases. For example, we incur power costs in connection with various production-related activities, such as pumping to recover oil and natural gas and separation and treatment of water produced in connection with our oil and natural gas production.









	We monitor our operations to ensure that we are incurring LOE at an acceptable level. For example, we monitor our LOE per Boe to determine if any wells or properties should be shut in, recompleted or sold. This unit rate also allows us to monitor these costs in certain fields and geographic areas to identify trends and to benchmark against other producers. Although we strive to reduce our LOE, these expenses can increase or decrease on a per unit basis as a result of various factors as we operate our properties or make acquisitions and dispositions of properties. For example, we may increase field-level expenditures to optimize our operations, incurring higher expenses in one quarter relative to another, or we


	32




	 



	may acquire or dispose of properties that have different LOE per Boe. These initiatives would influence our overall operating cost and could cause fluctuations whe


	n comparing LOE on a period to period basis.







	 





	•






	Gathering, processing and transportation (“GP&T”).


	These are costs incurred to deliver production of our natural gas, NGLs and oil to the market. Cost levels of these expenses can vary based on the volume of natural gas, NGLs and oil produced as well as the cost of commodity processing.











	 





	•






	Gathering System Operating Expense.


	Gathering system operating expenses include contract labor, water disposal, dehydration equipment rentals, chemical and facilities-related expenses and facility termination fees that are incurred in the operation of our North Louisiana gathering system.











	 





	•






	Taxes other than Income Taxes.


	Production taxes are paid on produced oil and natural gas based on rates established by federal, state or local taxing authorities. In general, the production taxes we pay correlate to the changes in oil, natural gas and NGLs revenues. Production taxes for our Texas properties are based on the market value of our production at the wellhead.  Production taxes for our Louisiana properties are based on our gross production at the wellhead. We are also subject to ad valorem taxes in the counties and parishes where our production is located. Ad valorem taxes for our Texas properties are based on the fair market value of our mineral interests for producing wells. Ad valorem taxes for our Louisiana properties are assessed based on the cost of our oil and natural gas properties. Louisiana imposes a capital based franchise tax on corporations based on capital employed within the state.











	 





	•






	Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization.


	Depreciation, depletion and amortization (“DD&A”) is the systematic expensing of the capitalized costs incurred to acquire and develop oil and natural gas properties. We use the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and natural gas activities and, as such, we capitalize all costs associated with our development and acquisition efforts and all successful exploration efforts, which are then allocated to each unit of production using the unit of production method. Our DD&A rate can fluctuate as a result of impairments, dispositions, finding and development costs and proved reserve volumes, which are all impacted by oil, natural gas and NGL prices.











	 





	•






	Impairment Expense.


	We review our proved properties and unproved leasehold costs for impairment whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that a decline in the recoverability of their carrying value may have occurred. Impairment of unproved leasehold costs are recorded within exploration expense.











	 





	•






	General and Administrative Expenses.


	General and administrative (“G&A”) expenses are costs incurred for overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of maintaining our headquarters, costs of managing our production and development operations, stock-based compensation, public company expenses, IT expenses, audit and other fees for professional services, including legal compliance and acquisition-related expenses.











	 





	•






	Exploration Expense.


	Exploration expense is geological and geophysical costs that include seismic surveying costs, costs of unsuccessful exploratory dry holes, lease abandonment and delay rentals. Exploration expense also includes rig standby and rig contract termination fees.











	 





	•






	Incentive unit compensation expense.




	See “Note 13—Incentive Units” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report for additional information.











	 





	•






	Interest expense.


	We finance a portion of our working capital requirements and acquisitions with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and senior note issuances. As a result, we incur substantial interest expense that is affected by both fluctuations in interest rates and financing decisions. We expect to continue to incur significant interest expense as we continue to grow.  Interest expense includes the amortization of debt issuance costs as well as the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.











	 





	•






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments.


	Net realized and unrealized gains on our derivatives are a function of fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices and the monthly settlement of the instruments. Given the volatility of commodity prices, it is not possible to predict future reported unrealized mark-to-market net gains or losses and the actual net gains or losses that will ultimately be realized upon settlement of the hedge positions in future years. If commodity prices at settlement are lower than the prices of the hedge positions, the hedges are expected to mitigate the otherwise negative effect on earnings of lower oil, natural gas and NGL prices. However, if commodity prices at settlement are higher than the prices of the hedge positions, the hedges are expected to dampen the otherwise positive effect on earnings of higher oil, natural gas and NGL prices and will, in this context, be viewed as having resulted in an opportunity cost.











	 





	•






	Income tax expense.


	We are a corporation subject to federal and certain state income taxes. Prior to our initial public offering, we were primarily organized as pass-through entities for federal income tax purposes and were not subject to federal income taxes; however, one of our predecessor subsidiaries previously elected to be taxed as a corporation and was subject to federal and state income taxes.







	33




	 





	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates



	Preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


	We evaluate the estimates and assumptions on a regular basis; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements. Significant estimates with regard to these financial statements include (1) the estimate of proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom; (2) depreciation, depletion and amortization expense; (3) valuation of accounts receivable; (4) accrued capital expenditures and liabilities; (5) asset retirement obligations; (6) environmental remediation costs; (7) valuation of derivative instruments; (8) contingent liabilities and (9) impairment expense. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates, and such revisions could be material.


	A discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates is included in our 2016 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates.


	Results of Operations


	The results of operations of our predecessor were retrospectively recast due to common control considerations. Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests were accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost. As such, the results of operations presented below for the three months ended March 31, 2016 have been derived from the combined results attributable to our predecessor and Esquisto. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries.                          


	Factors Affecting the Comparability of the Combined Historical Financial Results


	The comparability of the results of operations among the periods presented is impacted by the following:






	 





	•






	the acquisition of approximately 158,000 net acres of oil and natural gas properties adjacent to our existing Eagle Ford acreage on December 19, 2016 in connection with our initial public offering (the “Burleson North Acquisition”) for a final purchase price of $385.9 million, net of customary post-closing adjustments;











	 





	•






	incremental G&A expenses


	as a result of being a publicly traded company


	 


	including, but not limited to, Exchange Act reporting expenses; expenses associated with Sarbanes Oxley compliance; expenses associated with shares of our common stock being listed on a national securities exchange; incremental independent auditor fees; incremental legal fees; investor relations expenses; registrar and transfer agent fees; incremental director and officer liability insurance costs; and independent director compensation; and











	 





	•






	the February 2017 private placement of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”).







	As a result of the factors listed above, the combined historical results of operations and period-to-period comparisons of these results and certain financial data may not be comparable or indicative of future results.


	34




	 





	The table below summarizes certain of the results of operations and period-to-period compa


	risons for the periods indicated.



	  








	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	 




	 




	(In thousands, except per share data)




	 






	Revenues:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Oil sales




	 




	$




	39,077




	 




	 




	$




	13,253




	 






	Natural gas sales




	 




	 




	12,145




	 




	 




	 




	10,206




	 






	NGL sales




	 




	 




	2,663




	 




	 




	 




	945




	 






	Other income




	 




	 




	407




	 




	 




	 




	723




	 






	Total operating revenues




	 




	 




	54,292




	 




	 




	 




	25,127




	 






	Operating expenses:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	 




	6,928




	 




	 




	 




	2,760




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	 




	1,700




	 




	 




	 




	1,891




	 






	Gathering system operating expense




	 




	 




	19




	 




	 




	 




	54




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	 




	3,899




	 




	 




	 




	1,472




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	26,443




	 




	 




	 




	22,063




	 






	General and administrative expenses




	 




	 




	7,482




	 




	 




	 




	4,449




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	1,615




	 




	 




	 




	7,443




	 






	Total operating expenses




	 




	 




	48,086




	 




	 




	 




	40,132




	 






	Income (loss) from operations




	 




	 




	6,206




	 




	 




	 




	(15,005




	)






	Other income (expense):




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense




	 




	 




	(5,571




	)




	 




	 




	(1,972




	)






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	11




	 




	 




	 




	(358




	)






	Gain (loss) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	31,291




	 




	 




	 




	3,246




	 






	Other income (expense)




	 




	 




	15




	 




	 




	 




	12




	 






	Total other income (expense)




	 




	 




	25,746




	 




	 




	 




	928




	 






	Income (loss) before income taxes




	 




	 




	31,952




	 




	 




	 




	(14,077




	)






	Income tax benefit (expense)




	 




	 




	(11,700




	)




	 




	 




	(139




	)






	Net income (loss)




	 




	 




	20,252




	 




	 




	 




	(14,216




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to previous owners




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(2,517




	)






	Net income (loss) allocated to predecessor




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(11,699




	)






	Net income (loss) available to WildHorse Resources




	 




	$




	20,252




	 




	 




	$




	—




	 






	Net income (loss) per common share:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	$




	0.22




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Weighted-average common shares outstanding:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Basic and diluted




	 




	 




	93,216




	 




	 




	n/a




	 






	Oil and natural gas revenue:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas




	 




	$




	12,145




	 




	 




	$




	10,206




	 






	Crude oil




	 




	 




	39,077




	 




	 




	 




	13,253




	 






	Natural gas liquids




	 




	 




	2,663




	 




	 




	 




	945




	 






	Total oil and natural gas revenue




	 




	$




	53,885




	 




	 




	$




	24,404




	 






	Production volumes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (MMcf)




	 




	 




	3,849




	 




	 




	 




	4,801




	 






	Oil (MBbls)




	 




	 




	783




	 




	 




	 




	446




	 






	NGLs (MBbls)




	 




	 




	160




	 




	 




	 




	111




	 






	Total (MBoe)




	 




	 




	1,584




	 




	 




	 




	1,357




	 






	Average sales price:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (per Mcf)




	 




	$




	3.16




	 




	 




	$




	2.13




	 






	Oil (per Bbl)




	 




	 




	49.90




	 




	 




	 




	29.72




	 






	NGLs (per Bbl)




	 




	 




	16.65




	 




	 




	 




	8.51




	 






	Total (per Boe)




	 




	$




	34.01




	 




	 




	$




	17.98




	 






	Average production volumes:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Natural gas (MMcf/d)




	 




	 




	42.8




	 




	 




	 




	52.8




	 






	Oil (MBbls/d)




	 




	 




	8.7




	 




	 




	 




	4.9




	 






	NGLs (MBbls/d)




	 




	 




	1.8




	 




	 




	 




	1.2




	 






	Average net production (MBoe/d)




	 




	 




	17.6




	 




	 




	 




	14.9




	 






	Average unit costs per Boe:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Lease operating expenses




	 




	$




	4.37




	 




	 




	$




	2.03




	 






	Gathering, processing and transportation




	 




	$




	1.07




	 




	 




	$




	1.39




	 






	Taxes other than income tax




	 




	$




	2.46




	 




	 




	$




	1.08




	 






	General and administrative expenses




	 




	$




	4.72




	 




	 




	$




	3.28




	 






	Depletion, depreciation and amortization




	 




	$




	16.69




	 




	 




	$




	16.26




	 







	 





	35




	 





	Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2016



	For purposes of the following discussion, references to 2017 and 2016 refer to the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2016, respectively, unless otherwise indicated.






	 





	•






	Oil, natural gas and NGL revenues were $53.9 million for 2017 compared to $24.4 million for 2016, an increase of $29.5 million (approximately 120%). Production increased 0.2 MMBoe (approximately 14%) primarily due to the December 2016 Burleson North acquisition and to drilling successful wells in the Eagle Ford. The average realized sales price increased $16.03 per Boe (approximately 89%) due to a higher percentage of oil in the production mix. Oil revenues increased $15.8 million and $10.0 million due to favorable pricing and production variances, respectively. Natural gas revenues increased $3.9 million due to a favorable pricing variance offset by a $2.0 million decrease due to an unfavorable volume variance.  NGL revenues increased $1.3 million and $0.4 million due to favorable price and volume variances, respectively.











	 





	•






	LOE was $6.9 million and $2.8 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.


	 


	On a per Boe basis, total LOE was $4.37 and $2.03 for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The increase in LOE on a per unit basis is largely attributable to the Burleson North acquisition which came with less efficient legacy production. Net production in 2017 consisted of 49% oil compared to 33% oil in 2016.  Generally, the production of oil is more expensive than natural gas on a per Boe basis.  











	 





	•






	GP&T expenses were $1.7 million and $1.9 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The 11% decrease in GP&T expenses was primarily attributable to lower fee gas purchasing and processing contracts associated with the Burleson North properties.  On a per Boe basis, GP&T expenses were $1.07 and $1.39 for 2017 and 2016, respectively.   











	 





	•






	Taxes other than income tax were $3.9 million and $1.5 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively; an increase of $2.4 million (approximately 160%).  On a per Boe basis, taxes other than income tax were $2.46 and $1.08 for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The 128% increase was primarily due to higher price realizations, higher ad valorem taxes, and Louisiana franchise taxes incurred as a result of our corporate reorganization that occurred in conjunction with our initial public offering.











	 





	•






	DD&A expense for 2017 was $26.4 million compared to $22.1 million for 2016, a $4.3 million increase (approximately 20%) primarily due to an increase in production volumes related to drilling activities.  Increased production volumes caused DD&A expense to increase by $3.7 million and the change in the DD&A rate between periods caused DD&A expense to increase by $0.7 million.











	 





	•






	G&A expenses were $7.5 million and $4.4 million (an increase of approximately 71%) for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The $3.1 million increase was primarily due to increased staffing for 2017 compared to 2016 and increased costs associated with being a public company.  Salaries and wages increased by $2.4 million primarily due to additional staffing.  Fees related to accounting and audit services increased $0.6 million between 2017 and 2016.  During 2017, we recorded $0.6 million in acquisition costs and $0.5 million in stock-based compensation costs related to our long term incentive plan.  These increases were offset by the previous owner’s $1.0 million G&A accrual payable to its members during 2016.  











	 





	•






	Exploration expense was $1.6 million and $7.4 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.


	 


	The $5.8 million reduction (approximately 78%) in exploration expense was primarily due to an increase in undeveloped leasehold impairments of $0.7 million, and an increase in seismic acquisitions of $0.3 million, offset by $6.8 million in expenses associated with the early termination of a rig contract, which was laid down in March 2016 due to low commodity prices.











	 





	•






	Interest expense was $5.6 million and $2.0 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The $3.6 million increase (approximately 180%) was due to an increase in the average debt outstanding as a result of the February 2017 issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes. Interest is comprised of interest on our credit facilities, interest on our senior notes and amortization of debt issue costs. Amortization of debt issue costs was $0.8 million for 2017 compared to $0.1 million for 2016.  The amortization of debt issue costs included a write off of $0.6 million due to the automatic reduction of our borrowing base in conjunction with the issuance of the senior notes.











	 





	•






	Debt extinguishment costs were $0.4 million in 2016 due to Esquisto’s retirement and termination of its revolving credit facility and second lien in January 2016 in connection with the merger of Esquisto I and Esquisto II. There were no debt extinguishment costs in 2017.











	 





	•






	Net gains on commodity derivatives of $31.3 million were recognized during 2017, of which $31.2 million was an unrealized gain and $0.1 million was a realized gain. During 2016, we recognized a $3.2 million gain on derivative instruments, of which $3.1 million was a realized gain and a $0.1 million was an unrealized gain.











	 





	•








	Income tax expense of $11.7 million was recognized in 2017 in comparison to income tax expense of a $0.1 million in 2016. The period-to-period increase was primarily a result of being a corporation subject to federal and state income tax subsequent to our initial public offering. The effective tax rate for 2017 differed from the federal statutory income tax rate







	36




	 






	 







	primarily due to the impact of state income tax. The effective tax rate for 2016 differed from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due the


	impact of pass-through entities and state income tax.







	Calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX


	Adjusted EBITDAX is a supplemental non-GAAP financial performance measure that is used by management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. We include in this Quarterly Report the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted EBITDAX and provide our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX. Adjusted EBITDAX is not a measure of net (loss) income as determined according to GAAP.


	We define Adjusted EBITDAX as net income (loss):


	Plus:






	 





	•






	Interest expense;











	 





	•






	Income tax expense;











	 





	•






	DD&A;











	 





	•






	Exploration expense;











	 





	•






	Impairment of proved oil and natural gas properties;











	 





	•






	Loss on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Cash settlements received on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Stock-based compensation;











	 





	•






	Incentive-based compensation expenses;











	 





	•






	Acquisition related costs;











	 





	•






	Debt extinguishment costs;











	 





	•






	Loss on sale of properties;











	 





	•






	Initial public offering costs; and











	 





	•






	Other non-cash and non-routine operating items that we deem appropriate.







	Less:






	 





	•






	Interest income;











	 





	•






	Income tax benefit;











	 





	•






	Gain on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Cash settlements paid on derivative instruments;











	 





	•






	Gain on sale of properties; and











	 





	•






	Other non-cash and non-routine operating items that we deem appropriate.







	Management believes Adjusted EBITDAX is a useful performance measure because it allows them to more effectively evaluate our operating performance without regard to our financing methods or capital structure. We exclude the items listed above from net (loss) income in arriving at Adjusted EBITDAX because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDAX should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net (loss) income as determined in accordance with GAAP. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDAX are significant components in understanding and assessing a company’s financial performance, such as a company’s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are components of Adjusted EBITDAX. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDAX should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDAX may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.


	37




	 







	Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDAX



	The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX to net (loss) income, our most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.


	 


	 






	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	Adjusted EBITDAX reconciliation to net (loss) income:




	 




	(in thousands)




	 






	Net income (loss)




	 




	$




	20,252




	 




	 




	$




	(14,216




	)






	Interest expense, net




	 




	 




	5,571




	 




	 




	 




	1,972




	 






	Income tax (benefit) expense




	 




	 




	11,700




	 




	 




	 




	139




	 






	Depreciation, depletion and amortization




	 




	 




	26,443




	 




	 




	 




	22,063




	 






	Exploration expense




	 




	 




	1,615




	 




	 




	 




	7,443




	 






	(Gain) loss on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(31,291




	)




	 




	 




	(3,246




	)






	Cash settlements received (paid) on derivative instruments




	 




	 




	(983




	)




	 




	 




	3,373




	 






	Stock-based compensation




	 




	 




	495




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Acquisition related costs




	 




	 




	599




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	(Gain) loss on sale of properties




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Debt extinguishment costs




	 




	 




	(11




	)




	 




	 




	358




	 






	Initial public offering costs




	 




	 




	182




	 




	 




	 




	—




	 






	Non-cash liability amortization




	 




	 




	—




	 




	 




	 




	(183




	)






	Total Adjusted EBITDAX




	 




	$




	34,572




	 




	 




	$




	17,703




	 







	Liquidity and Capital Resources


	Our development and acquisition activities require us to make significant operating and capital expenditures. Our primary use of capital has been the acquisition and development of oil, natural gas and NGL properties and facilities. As we pursue reserve and production growth, we plan to monitor which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to us to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements.  Historically, WHR II’s and Esquisto’s primary sources of liquidity were capital contributions from their former owners, borrowings under their respective revolving credit facilities and second lien loans and cash generated by their operations.  Our future success in growing proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us.


	Based on our current oil and natural gas price expectations, we believe our cash flows provided by operating activities and availability under our revolving credit facility will provide us with the financial flexibility and wherewithal to meet our cash requirements, including normal operating needs, and pursue our currently planned 2017 development drilling activities. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of our oil and natural gas production and the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas production, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties and acquire additional properties. We cannot assure you that operations and other needed capital will be available on acceptable terms, or at all.


	As of March 31, 2017, we had $93.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and $362.5 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2017, we had a working capital balance of $47.8 million. As of March 31, 2017, the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility was $362.5 million and we had no outstanding borrowings. The borrowing base under our revolving credit facility is subject to redetermination on at least a semi-annual basis based on an engineering report with respect to our estimated oil and natural gas reserves, which will take into account the prevailing oil and natural gas prices at such time, as adjusted for the impact of our commodity derivative contracts. Unanimous approval by the lenders is required for any increase to the borrowing base. On

	April 4, 2017, our revolving credit facility borrowing base was increased to $450.0 million in connection with the semi-annual borrowing redetermination by the lenders; however, we currently anticipate the borrowing base to increase to $650.0 million upon the closing of the APC/KKR acquisition.  

	The next scheduled borrowing base redetermination is set for October 2017. A continuing decline in oil and natural gas prices could result in a reduction of our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility and could trigger mandatory principal repayments.

	On April 27, 2017, standby letters of credit of $1.9 million were issued to the Railroad Commission of Texas under our revolving credit facility. 



	 


	 


	38




	 


	 


	Preferred Stock


	We are authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock.  Please see “Recent Developments” for additional information.


	Capital Expenditure Budget


	We established a $550.0 million to $675.0 million 2017 drilling and completion capital expenditure budget.

	For the three months ended March 31, 2017, our drilling and completion expenditures were approximately $85.4 million primarily related to the development of our Eagle Ford properties.



	Debt Agreements


	Revolving Credit Facility.

	In December 2016, we, as borrower, and certain of our current and future subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a five-year, $1.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility.  In April 2017, our revolving credit facility borrowing base was increased from $362.5 million to $450.0 million in connection with the semi-annual borrowing redetermination by our lenders.  Our revolving credit facility is reserve-based, and thus our borrowing base is primarily based on the estimated value of our oil, NGL and natural gas properties and our commodity derivative contracts as determined by our lenders in their sole discretion consistent with their normal and customary oil and gas lending practices semi-annually


	.  


	In the future, we may be unable to access sufficient capital under our revolving credit facility as a result of (i) a decrease in our borrowing base due to a borrowing base redetermination or (ii) an unwillingness or inability on the part of our lenders to meet their funding obligations.



	We believe we were in compliance with all the financial (interest coverage ratio and current ratio) and other covenants associated with our revolving credit facility as of March 31, 2017.


	See “Note 9—Long Term Debt”

	of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report

	for additional information regarding our revolving credit facility.


	2025 Senior Notes


	In February 2017, we completed a private placement of the 2025 Senior Notes.  The 2025 Senior Notes, issued at 99.244% of par, mature on February 1, 2025 and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of our existing and certain future subsidiaries (subject to customary release provisions).  The 2025 Senior Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of February 1, 2017.  The 2025 Senior Notes accrue interest at 6.875% per annum and payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year.  We used the net proceeds to repay the borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, including funding our 2017 capital expenditures.


	See “Note 9—Long Term Debt”

	of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report

	for additional information regarding the 2025 Senior Notes.


	Commodity Derivative Contracts


	Our hedging policy is designed to reduce the impact to our cash flows from commodity price volatility.


	For additional information regarding the volumes of our production covered by commodity derivative contracts and the average prices at which production is hedged as of March 31, 2017, see “Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk — Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk.”


	Counterparty Exposure


	Our hedging policy permits us to enter into derivative contracts with major financial institutions or major energy entities. Our derivative contracts are currently with major financial institutions, certain of which are also lenders under our revolving credit facility. We have rights of offset against the borrowings under our revolving credit facility. See “Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk — Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk” for additional information.


	39




	 





	Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities



	The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. Our predecessor’s cash flows were retrospectively revised due to common control considerations.  As such, the cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016 have been derived from the combined financial position and results attributable to the predecessor and  the previous owner. For periods after the completion of our initial public offering, our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries.  Because WHR II, Esquisto and Acquisition Co. Holdings were under the common control of NGP, the sale and contribution of the respective ownership interests was accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, whereby the assets and liabilities sold and contributed were recorded based on historical cost.


	For information regarding the individual components of our cash flow amounts, see the Statements of Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Cash Flows included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” contained herein.



	 


	 










	 




	 




	For the Three Months Ended March 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2017




	 




	 




	2016




	 






	 




	 




	(in thousands)




	 






	Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities




	 




	$




	27,819




	 




	 




	$




	(3,069




	)






	Net cash used in investing activities




	 




	$




	(65,164




	)




	 




	$




	(44,396




	)






	Net cash provided by financing activities




	 




	$




	127,572




	 




	 




	$




	19,120




	 







	Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2016


	For purposes of the following discussion, references to 2017 and 2016 refer to the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2016, respectively, unless otherwise indicated.


	Operating Activities.

	Net cash provided by operating activities was $27.8 million for 2017, compared to $3.1 million of net cash used in operating activities for 2016. Production increased 0.2 MMBoe (approximately 14%) and average realized sales prices increased to $34.01 per Boe for 2017 compared to $17.98 per Boe during 2016 as previously discussed above under “Results of Operations.”  Higher G&A and interest expense also contributed to the overall period-to-period increase in net cash provided by operating activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities included $1.0 million of cash payments on derivative instruments during 2017 compared to $3.4 million in cash receipts during 2016.  There was an $11.3 million increase in cash flow attributable to the timing of cash receipts and disbursements related to operating activities during 2017 compared to 2016.  



	Investing Activities.

	During 2017 and 2016, cash flows used in investing activities were $65.2 million and $44.4 million, respectively.  Acquisitions of oil and gas properties were $3.0 million and $2.2 million during 2017 and 2016, respectively. We received post-closing adjustment receipts of $3.9 million during 2017 related to the Burleson North Acquisition.  Additions to oil and gas properties were $63.3 million during 2017 primarily related to our drilling and completion activities in the Eagle Ford.  Additions to oil and gas properties were $39.8 million during 2016, of which $31.0 million was attributable to Esquisto’s drilling and completion activities in the Eagle Ford and $8.8 million was attributable to our predecessor’s drilling and completion activities in North Louisiana.



	Financing Activities.

	Net cash provided by financing activities during 2017 of $127.6 million was primarily attributable to $34.5 million and $347.4 million in proceeds from the partial exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and from the issuance of our 2025 Senior Notes, respectively. These cash inflows were offset by net payments under our revolving credit facilities of $242.8 million during 2017, debt issuance costs of $9.0 million, $1.9 million of costs associated with the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option and $0.6 million of costs related to our initial public offering which were previously accrued and cash settled during 2017.  



	Net cash provided by financing activities of $19.1 million during 2016 was primarily attributable to capital contributions of $12.8 million from our predecessor.  Net borrowings under our revolving credit facilities were $7.0 million during 2016. Amounts borrowed under our predecessor and previous owner credit facilities were primarily used for additions to oil and natural gas properties and working capital. Debt issuance costs were $0.4 million. Costs associated with Esquisto’s termination of its second lien were $0.2 million.


	40




	 





	Contractual Obligations



	During the three months ended March 31, 2017, there were no significant changes in our consolidated contractual obligations from those reported in our 2016 Form 10-K filed except for the additions of a long-term dedicated fracturing fleet services agreement and interruptible water availability agreement both of which were entered into as part of our ordinary course of business. For more information see “Note 17—Commitments and Contingencies” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report. Additionally, we had no indebtedness under our revolving credit facility at March 31, 2017 compared to $242.8 million at December 31, 2016. As previously discussed, our 2025 Senior Notes were issued in February 2017. See “Note 9—Long Term Debt” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report for additional information on our indebtedness.


	Off–Balance Sheet Arrangements


	As of March 31, 2017, we had no off–balance sheet arrangements.


	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements


	For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see “Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies”

	of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report.










	ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


	We are exposed to market risk, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term “market risk” refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil, natural gas and NGL prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than speculative trading.


	Commodity Price Risk


	Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs production. Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future.


	For additional information regarding the volumes of our production covered by commodity derivative contracts and the average prices at which production is hedged as of March 31, 2017, see “Note 5—Risk Management and Derivative Instruments” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report.


	Interest Rate Risk


	At March 31, 2017, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility or any other debt with variable interest rates. We do not currently have any derivative arrangements to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to indebtedness we may incur but may enter into such derivative arrangements in the future. To the extent we enter into any such interest rate derivative arrangement, we would subject to risk for financial loss.


	The fair value of 2025 Senior Notes is sensitive to changes in interest rates. We estimate the fair value of 2025 Senior Notes using quoted market prices. The carrying value (net of any discount and debt issuance cost) is compared to the estimated fair value in the table below (in thousands):


	 


	 






	 




	 




	March 31, 2017




	 






	 




	 




	Carrying Amount




	 




	 




	Estimated Fair Value




	 






	2025 Senior Notes, fixed-rate due February 2025




	 




	$




	338,783




	 




	 




	$




	338,188




	 






	41




	 





	Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk



	We are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers.

	We do not require our customers to post collateral, and the inability of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results.



	Joint operations receivables arise from billings to entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. These entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we intend to drill. We have little ability to control whether these entities will participate in our wells.


	In addition,

	our derivative contracts expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. While we do not require counterparties to our derivative contracts to post collateral, we do evaluate the credit standing of such counterparties as we deem appropriate. Each of the counterparties to our derivative contracts currently in place has an investment grade rating.

	See “Note 5—Risk Management and Derivative Instruments” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report for additional information regarding credit risk associated with our derivative instruments.









	ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.


	As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon the evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2017.


	Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting


	No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.


	The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2, respectively, to this Quarterly Report.


	42






	 











	PART


	II—OTHER INFOR


	MATION









	ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


	As part of our normal business activities, we may be named as defendants in litigation and legal proceedings, including those arising from regulatory and environmental matters. If we determine that a negative outcome is possible and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable, we accrue the estimated amount. We are not aware of any litigation, pending or threatened, that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. No amounts have been accrued at March 31, 2017.  For additional discussion of current legal proceedings, please see “Note 17—Commitments and Contingencies” of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included under “Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report.









	ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS


	In addition to the information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item IA. “Risk Factors” in our 2016 Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors since those disclosed in our 2016 Form 10-K.









	ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS






	 





	(a)





	Recent sales of unregistered securities.






	None.






	 





	(b)





	Use of proceeds.






	None.






	 





	(c)





	Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers.






	During the three months ended March 31, 2017, there were no repurchases of our common shares by us or our affiliates.









	ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES


	None.









	ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES


	Not applicable.









	ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION


	None.









	ITEM 6. EXHIBITS


	The information required by this Item 6. Exhibits is set forth in the Exhibit Index accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.


	43






	 











	SIGNAT


	URES



	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 




	 




	 




	 




	(Registrant)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Date:




	 




	May 15, 2017




	 




	By:




	 




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Name:




	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	 




	 




	Title:




	 




	Executive Vice President and


	Chief Financial Officer






	 


	 


	 


	44




	 





	 









	Exhibit


	Number




	 




	Description






	 




	 




	 






	  2.1




	 




	Master Contribution Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	  2.2*##




	 




	Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 10, 2017, by and among Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC, Admiral A Holding L.P., TE Admiral A Holding L.P., Aurora C-I Holding L.P. and WHR Eagle Ford LLC.






	 




	 




	 






	  2.3*##




	 




	Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 10, 2017, by and among Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC, Anadarko Energy Services Company and WHR Eagle Ford LLC.






	 




	 




	 






	  3.1




	 




	Amended and Restated Certification of Incorporation of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	  3.2




	 




	Amended and Restated Bylaws of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, effective December 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2016).






	 




	 




	 






	  4.1




	 




	Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	  4.2




	 




	Form of 6.875% Senior Note due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	  4.3




	 




	Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	  4.4*




	 




	Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P.






	 




	 




	 






	10.1*




	 




	First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2017, by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, each of the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent  for the lenders party thereto, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, the Lenders party thereto and the other parties party thereto.






	 




	 




	 






	10.2




	 




	Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017, by and between WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Grant E. Sims (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017).






	 




	 




	 






	31.1*




	 




	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.






	 




	 




	 






	31.2*




	 




	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.






	 




	 




	 






	32.1*




	 




	Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 






	101.CAL*




	 




	XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document






	 




	 




	 






	101.DEF*




	 




	XBRL Definition Linkbase Document






	 




	 




	 






	101.INS*




	 




	XBRL Instance Document






	 




	 




	 






	101.LAB*




	 




	XBRL Labels Linkbase Document






	 




	 




	 






	101.PRE*




	 




	XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document






	 




	 




	 






	101.SCH*




	 




	XBRL Schema Document







	 







	*





	Filed or furnished as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.











	##  





	Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon request.







	 


	 








	Exhibit 2.2


	 


	PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


	BY AND AMONG


	ANADARKO E&P ONSHORE LLC,


	ADMIRAL A HOLDING L.P.,


	TE ADMIRAL A HOLDING L.P.,


	AND


	AURORA C-I HOLDING L.P.,


	AS SELLERS


	AND


	WHR EAGLE FORD LLC,


	AS PURCHASER


	__________________________________________


	EXECUTION DATE: May 10, 2017


	EFFECTIVE TIME:  12:01 AM, January 1, 2017

	__________________________________________


	 


	 








	 







	Table of Contents






	Page





	ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION






	 





	Section 1.1





	Defined Terms1




	 










	 





	Section 1.2





	References and Rules of Construction1




	 






	ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE AND SALE






	 





	Section 2.1





	Purchase and Sale2




	 










	 





	Section 2.2





	Assets2




	 










	 





	Section 2.3





	Excluded Assets4




	 










	 





	Section 2.4





	Effective Time; Proration of Costs and Revenues4




	 










	 





	Section 2.5





	Procedures5




	 






	ARTICLE 3 PURCHASE PRICE






	 





	Section 3.1





	Unadjusted Purchase Price6




	 










	 





	Section 3.2





	Deposit6




	 










	 





	Section 3.3





	Allocation of Unadjusted Purchase Price6




	 










	 





	Section 3.4





	Adjustments to Unadjusted Purchase Price7




	 










	 





	Section 3.5





	Parent Guaranty.9




	 






	ARTICLE 4 TITLE MATTERS; CONSENTS






	 





	Section 4.1





	Sellers’ Title9




	 










	 





	Se


	ction 4.2





	Title Defects10




	 










	 





	Section 4.3





	Title Benefits13




	 










	 





	Section 4.4





	Title Disputes14




	 










	 





	Se


	ction 4.5





	Limitations on Applicability16




	 










	 





	Section 4.6





	Consents to Assignment and Preferential Rights to Purchase17




	 










	 





	Section 4.7





	Casualty Loss or Condemnation20




	 






	ARTICLE 5 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS






	 





	Section 5.1





	Adverse Environmental Conditions21




	 










	 





	Section 5.2





	Adverse Environmental Condition Disputes24




	 










	 





	Section 5.3





	Limitations on Applicability26




	 






	ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS






	 





	Section 6.1





	Organization and Power27




	 










	 





	Section 6.2





	Authorization and Enforceability27




	 










	 





	Section 6.3





	Liability for Brokers’ Fees28




	 










	 





	Section 6.4





	No Conflicts.28




	 










	 





	Section 6.5





	Litigation.28




	 










	 





	Section 6.6





	Taxes and Assessments28




	 










	 





	Section 6.7





	Capital Commitments29




	 










	 





	Section 6.8





	Compliance with Laws29




	 










	 





	Section 6.9





	Contracts29




	 










	 





	Sectio


	n 6.10





	Consents and Preferential Purchase Rights31




	 






	- i -




	 






	 





	Section 6.11










	Leases




	31





	 










	 





	Section 6.12





	Advance Payments31




	 










	 





	Section 6.13





	Surface Agreements31




	 










	 





	Section 6.14





	Imbalances31




	 










	 





	Section 6.15





	Suspense Funds32




	 










	 





	Section 6.16





	Bankruptcy32




	 










	 





	Section 6.17





	Condemnation32




	 










	 





	Section


	6.18





	Permits32




	 










	 





	Section 6.19





	Plugging and Abandonment32




	 










	 





	Section 6.20





	Labor, Employment and Benefits32




	 










	 





	Section 6.21





	Environmental Matters33




	 










	 





	Section 6.22





	Payout Balances34




	 










	 





	Section 6.23





	Certain Disclaimers34




	 






	ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER






	 





	Section 7.1





	Organization35




	 










	 





	Section 7.2





	Authorization and Enforceability35




	 










	 





	Section 7.3





	Liability for Brokers’ Fees36




	 










	 





	Section 7.4





	No Conflicts36




	 










	 





	Section 7.5





	Litigation36




	 










	 





	Sectio


	n 7.6





	Financing36




	 










	 





	Section 7.7





	Securities Law Compliance36




	 










	 





	Section 7.8





	Independent Evaluation36




	 










	 





	Section 7.9





	Consents, Approvals or Waivers37




	 










	 





	Section 7.10





	Bankruptcy37




	 










	 





	Section 7.11





	Qualification37




	 










	 





	Section 7.12





	Tax37




	 










	 





	Section 7.13





	Limitation37




	 






	ARTICLE 8 COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES






	 





	Section 8.1





	Access38




	 










	 





	Section 8.2





	Government Reviews40




	 










	 





	Section 8.3





	Public Announcements; Confidentiality41




	 










	 





	Section 8.4





	Operation of Business42




	 










	 





	Section 8.5





	Operatorship44




	 










	 





	Section 8.6





	Change of Name44




	 










	 





	Section 8.7





	Replacement of Bonds, Letters of Credit and Guaranties44




	 










	 





	Section 8.8





	Amendment to Schedules44




	 










	 





	Section 8.9





	Further Assurances45




	 










	 





	Section 8.10





	Employee Matters45




	 










	 





	Section 8.11





	Suspense Funds46




	 










	 





	Section 8.12





	Access to Financial Information47




	 






	ARTICLE 9 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING






	 





	Section 9.1





	Sellers’ Conditions to Closing48




	 










	 





	Se


	ction 9.2





	Purchaser’s Conditions to Closing49




	 






	- ii -




	 





	ARTICLE 10 CLOSING







	 





	Section 10.1





	Time and Place of Closing51




	 










	 





	Section 10.2





	Obligations of Sellers at Closing51




	 










	 





	Section 10.3





	Obligations of Purchaser at Closing52




	 










	 





	Section 10.4





	Closing Payment and Post-Closing Unadjusted Purchase Price Adjustments53




	 






	ARTICLE 11 TERMINATION






	 





	Sectio


	n 11.1





	Termination55




	 










	 





	Section 11.2





	Effect of Termination56




	 










	 





	Section 11.3





	Remedies for Breach; Distribution of Deposit Upon Termination56




	 






	ARTICLE 12 ASSUMPTION; INDEMNIFICATION






	 





	Section 12.1





	Assumption by Purchaser57




	 










	 





	Section 12.2





	Indemnification57




	 










	 





	Section 12.3





	Indemnification Actions60




	 










	 





	Section 12.4





	Limitation on Actions60




	 






	ARTICLE 13 TAX MATTERS






	 





	Section 13.1





	Responsibility for Tax Filings and Payment62




	 










	 





	Section 13.2





	Apportionment of Property Taxes63




	 










	 





	Section 13.3





	Cooperation.63




	 










	 





	Section 13.4





	Like-Kind Exchange64




	 










	 





	Section 13.5





	Refunds65




	 










	 





	Section 13.6





	Audits65




	 










	 





	Section 13.7





	Characterization of Certain Payments65




	 










	 





	Section 13.8





	Transfer Taxes, Recording Fees & Transaction Fees65




	 










	 





	Section 13.9





	Tax Characterization66




	 






	ARTICLE 14 MISCELLANEOUS






	 





	Section 14.1





	Counterparts66




	 










	 





	Section 14.2





	Notices66




	 










	 





	Section 14.3





	Governing Law; Jurisdiction68




	 










	 





	Section 14.4





	Knowledge Qualifications; Schedules69




	 










	 





	Section 14.5





	Waivers70




	 










	 





	Section 14.6





	Assignment70




	 










	 





	Section 14.7





	Entire Agreement70




	 










	 





	Section 14.8





	Amendment70




	 










	 





	Section 14.9





	No Third Party Beneficiaries71




	 










	 





	Section 14.10





	Construction71




	 










	 





	Section 14.11





	Limitation on Damages71




	 










	 





	Section 14.12





	Recording71




	 










	 





	Section 14.13





	Conspicuousness71




	 










	 





	Section 14.14





	Time of Essence71




	 










	 





	Section 14.15





	Delivery of Records72




	 










	 





	Section 14.16





	Severability72




	 










	 





	Section 14.17





	Specific Performance72




	 






	- iii -




	 






	 





	Section 14.18










	Seller Representative




	72





	 










	 





	Section 14.19





	Sellers’ Liability72




	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	- iv -




	 





	APPENDICES


	:



	Appendix A

	-


	Definitions



	EXHIBITS:


	Exhibit A‑1

	-


	Leases



	Exhibit A‑2

	-


	Wells



	Exhibit A-3

	-


	Undeveloped Leases



	Exhibit A-4

	-


	Excluded Assets



	Exhibit A-5

	-


	Contracts



	Exhibit A-6

	-


	Surface

	Agreements


	Exhibit A-7

	-


	Permits



	Exhibit A-8

	-


	Units


	Exhibit B

	-


	Form of Conveyance – AEPO



	Exhibit C

	-


	Form of Conveyance – Admiral Sellers



	Exhibit D

	-


	Form of Certificate of Non-Foreign Status



	Exhibit E

	-


	Form of Letter-in-Lieu



	SCHEDULES:  


	Schedule 1.1(a)

	-


	Contested Liens



	Schedule 3.1

	-


	Allocation of Purchase Price Among Sellers



	Schedule 3.4

	-


	Imbalance Procedures



	Schedule 5.1

	-


	Disclosed Environmental Conditions


	Schedule 6.4

	-


	Conflicts


	Schedule 6.5

	-


	Litigation


	Schedule 6.6(b)

	-


	Taxes and Assessments


	Schedule 6.7

	-


	Capital Commitments


	Schedule 6.8

	-


	Compliance with Laws


	Schedule 6.9(a)

	-


	Material Contracts


	Schedule 6.9(b)

	-


	Exceptions to Material Contracts



	Schedule 6.10

	-


	Seller Consents and Preferential Rights to Purchase


	Schedule 6.11

	-


	E

	xceptions to Leases


	Schedule 6.13

	-


	Surface Agreements



	Schedule 6.14

	-


	Imbalances



	Schedule 6.15

	-


	Suspense Funds



	Schedule 6.18

	-


	Permits



	Schedule 6.19

	-


	Plugging and Abandonment



	Schedule 6.20

	-


	Employee Pension Benefit Plans



	Schedule 6.22

	-


	Payout Balances



	Schedule 7.5

	-


	Purchaser Knowledge Individuals


	Schedule 7.9

	-


	Purchaser Consents


	Schedule 8.4

	-


	Operations


	Schedule 8.7

	-


	Replacement Bonds



	Schedule 14.4(a)

	-


	AEPO Knowledge Individuals



	Schedule 14.4(b)

	-


	Admiral Sellers Knowledge Individuals



	 


	- i -




	 





	PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT



	This Purchase and Sale Agreement (this “

	Agreement

	”) is dated as of May 10, 2017 (the “

	Execution Date

	”), by and among:






	 





	(a)





	Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“

	AEPO

	”);










	 





	(b)





	Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“

	Admiral A

	”), TE Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“

	TE Admiral

	”) and Aurora C-I Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“

	Aurora

	” and together with Admiral A and TE Admiral, the “

	Admiral Sellers

	” and collectively with AEPO, “

	Sellers

	”); and










	 





	(c)





	WHR Eagle Ford LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“

	Purchaser

	”).






	Sellers and Purchaser are sometimes referred to herein individually as a “

	Party

	” and collectively as the “

	Parties

	.”


	RECITALS:







	A.





	Sellers own certain interests in oil and gas properties, rights and related assets that are defined and described herein as the “

	Assets

	.”











	B.





	Sellers desire to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser desires to purchase from Sellers the Assets in the manner and upon the terms and conditions hereafter set forth.











	C.





	Purchaser, WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“

	Purchaser Parent

	”), and the Admiral Sellers have entered into a Stock Issuance Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “

	Stock Issuance Agreement

	”).






	NOW

	,

	THEREFORE

	, in consideration of the premises and mutual promises, representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof, agree as follows:













































































	ARTICLE 1












































































	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION


































































	Section 1.1




	Defined Terms



	.  In addition to the terms defined in the introductory paragraph and the Recitals of this Agreement, for purposes hereof, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in

	Appendix A

	.

































































	Section 1.2




	References and Rules of Construction





	.  All references in this Agreement to Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions of or to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.  Titles appearing at the beginning of any Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience


	 





	only,


	do not constitute any part of this Agreement and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof.  The words “this Agreement,” “herein,” “hereby,” “hereunder” and “hereof,” and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to


	any particular Article, Section, subsection, clause or other subdivision unless expressly so limited.  The words “this Article,” “this Section,” “this subsection,” “this clause” and words of similar import refer only to the Article, Section, subsection and


	clause hereof in which such words occur.  The word “including” (in its various forms) means including without limitation.  The words “shall” and “will” are used interchangeably and have the same meaning.  All references to “$” or “dollars” shall be deemed


	references to United States dollars.  Each accounting term not defined herein will have the meaning given to it under GAAP as interpreted as of the date of this Agreement.  Unless (i) expressly provided to the contrary herein or (ii) used to set forth a l


	ist of elections available to a Party pursuant hereto, the word “or” is not exclusive.  Pronouns in masculine, feminine or neuter genders shall be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms and titles (including terms defined herein)


	in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires.  Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules referred to herein are attached to and by this reference incorporated herein for all purposes.  Refere


	nce herein to any federal, state, local or foreign Law shall be deemed to also refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise, and reference herein to any agreement, instrument or Law means such agreement,


	instrument or Law as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including, in the case of agreements or instruments, by waiver or consent and, in the case of Laws, by succession of comparable successor Laws.  References to a Person are also to it


	s permitted successors and permitted assigns. Any requirement that a Party use “commercially reasonable efforts” hereunder shall not be construed to include any requirement of such Party or any of its Affiliates to expend money, commence or participate in


	any litigation or offer or grant any accommodation (financial or otherwise) to any Third Party.


	  

































































	ARTICLE 2
































































	PURCHASE AND SALE


































































	Section 2.1




	Purchase and Sale



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Sellers shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver the Assets to Purchaser and Purchaser shall purchase, acquire, accept and pay for the Assets and shall assume the Assumed Purchaser Obligations.











































































	Section 2.2




	Assets



	.  As used herein, the term “

	Assets

	” means, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all of Sellers’ right, title and interest, whether real or personal, recorded or unrecorded, tangible or intangible, vested, contingent or reversionary, in and to the following (but excepting and excluding, in all such instances, the Excluded Assets):










	(a)



	The oil, gas and mineral leases, subleases and other leaseholds that are identified on


	Exhibit A‑1


	(collectively, the “


	Leases


	”), subject to the depth limitations and other restrictions that may be set forth in the Leases or in any conveyances in the chain of title, together with (i) all rights, privileges, benefits and powers conferred upon the holder of the Leases with respect to the use and occupation of the lands covered thereby, (ii) all rights, options, titles and interests of Sellers with respect to the Leases, including rights to obtain or otherwise earn any interest in the Leases or within the lands covered by or described in the Leases or any acreage pooled,



	-2-





	communitized or unitized therewith (the “


	Lands


	”) and (iii) all royalties, overridi


	ng royalties, net profits interests, carried interests, reversionary interests, leasehold interests and other rights in and to the Lands;









	(b)



	All pooled, communitized or unitized acreage which includes all or a part of any Lease or the Lands (the “


	Pooled Acreage


	”), and all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging to the Leases and Pooled Acreage;











	(c)



	All oil, gas, water, carbon dioxide, water disposal or injection wells, whether producing, shut-in or abandoned, located on the Leases or Lands together with the Allocated Leasehold for such well, including the interests in the wells identified on


	Exhibit A‑2


	(the “


	Wells


	” and collectively with the Leases, the Lands and the Pooled Acreage, the “


	Properties


	”);









	(d)



	All flowlines, pipelines, gathering systems and appurtenances thereto located on the Properties or used, or held for use, in connection with the Properties;  









	(e)



	All contracts, agreements and instruments to the extent, but only to the extent, applicable to the Properties, the production of Hydrocarbons from the Properties or the other Assets, including operating agreements, unitization, pooling and communitization agreements, production sharing agreements, declarations and orders, area of mutual interest agreements, joint venture agreements, farmin and farmout agreements, participation agreements, exchange agreements, joint development agreements, storage agreements, crossing agreements, agreements for the sale and purchase of Hydrocarbons and gathering, processing and transportation agreements, including those contracts, agreements and instruments described on


	Exhibit A-5


	, but excluding (i) any contracts, agreements and instruments to the extent transfer is restricted by Third Party agreement, a Governmental Body or applicable Law (unless and until the necessary consents or approvals to transfer have been obtained pursuant to


	Section 4.6


	or unless as otherwise set forth in this Agreement) and (ii) the Leases and Surface Agreements (subject to such exclusions, the “


	Contracts


	”);









	(f)



	All easements, licenses, servitudes, rights‑of‑way, surface leases and other surface rights appurtenant to and used or held for use, in connection with the Properties, including those described on


	Exhibit A-6


	; but excluding, in all instances, any such interest or right to the extent transfer is restricted by Third Party agreement, a Governmental Body or applicable Law (unless and until the necessary consents or approvals to transfer have been obtained pursuant to


	Section 


	4.6


	or unless as otherwise set forth in this Agreement) (subject to such exclusion, the “


	Surface Agreements


	”);











	(g)



	All equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures and owned rolling stock, including (i) trailers, rolling test equipment, rolling machinery and other portable wheeled equipment, and other tangible personal property and improvements and (ii)


	manifolds, well equipment, casing, tubing, pumps, motors, fixtures, machinery, compression equipment, flow lines, processing and separation facilities, pads, materials, SCADA equipment and transmitters, telecommunications equipment, field radio telemetry and associated frequencies, pressure transmitters and central processing equipment, in each case, that is owned by any Seller and that is used or held for use in connection with the ownership or operation of the Properties


	(the “


	Equipment


	”);



	-3-



















	(h)




	All Hydrocarbons (or proceeds from the sa








	le of Hydrocarbons) produced from or attributable to the Properties after the Effective Time and the Stored Hydrocarbons, together with Imbalances associated with the Properties, which would otherwise accrue for the Sellers’ benefit;







































	(i)

































	The Records;





	(j)



	To the extent assignable or re-issuable into Purchaser’s name (which reissuance will be at Purchaser’s sole cost and expense), all permits, approvals, allowances, emission or pollution credits, or authorizations by, or filings with, any Governmental Body and all water rights relating to the construction, ownership or operation of the Assets


	, including those described on


	Exhibit A-7


	(the “


	Permits


	”);





	(k)



	All trade credits, account receivables, receivables, take-or-pay amounts receivable, and other receivables to the extent attributable to the Assets and attributable to periods after the Effective Time, excluding any items (i) related to the Retained Seller Obligations or (ii) to which Sellers are otherwise entitled pursuant to


	Section 2.4


	; and



	(l)



	All rights, claims and causes of action of Sellers against Third Parties arising under or with respect to any Asset, excluding items related to the Retained Seller Obligations.










































	Section 2.3




	Excluded Assets



	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Assets shall not include, and there is excepted, reserved and excluded from this transaction, the Excluded Assets.  In the event Purchaser comes into possession of any Excluded Assets, it shall deliver such Excluded Assets, as promptly as possible, to or as directed by Sellers.  Notwithstanding any term of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any Asset is excluded hereunder pursuant to

	Sections 4.2(b)(iii)

	,

	4.6(b)

	,

	4.6(c)

	,

	5.1(b)(iii)

	,

	5.1(d)

	or

	8.1(a)

	, Sellers shall retain any Assets directly associated therewith.  To the extent Purchaser reasonably requires use of any such Asset for the continued operation of the Assets (in the manner operated by Sellers prior to Closing), Sellers shall grant Purchaser such use upon reasonable request.













































































































	Section 2.4




	Effective Time; Proration of Costs and Revenues



	.








	(a)



	If Closing occurs, Purchaser shall be entitled to (without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	or otherwise) (i) all production of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to the Properties after 12:01 a.m., Central Time, on January 1, 2017 (the “


	Effective Time


	”) and all products and proceeds attributable thereto and (ii) all other income, proceeds, receipts and credits earned with respect to the Assets after the Effective Time, and Purchaser shall be responsible for, and entitled to any refunds with respect to, all Property Costs incurred after the Effective Time.











	(b)



	Sellers shall be entitled to (without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	or otherwise) (i) all production of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to the Properties prior to and at the Effective Time and all products and proceeds attributable thereto and (ii) all other income, proceeds, receipts and credits earned with respect to the Assets prior to and at the Effective Time, and such Sellers shall be responsible for, and entitled to any refunds with respect to (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax benefit attributable to any reduction in severance (or impact) Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time), all Property Costs and



	-4-





	other costs attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefr


	om incurred prior to or at the Effective Time.

















	(c)



	With respect to Property Costs paid by AEPO on behalf of Third Parties, regardless of whether such Property Costs were paid before, at or after the Effective Time, AEPO shall be entitled to retain all proceeds of cash calls, billings and other funds received as reimbursement in respect of such Property Costs.  With respect to Property Costs paid by AEPO prior to the Closing on behalf of Third Parties and attributable to periods after the Effective Time that remain unreimbursed (the “


	Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs


	”) as of the date the final settlement statement is prepared pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, regardless of whether such Property Costs were paid before, at or after the Effective Time,


	Purchaser shall pay to AEPO an amount equal to the amount of all such Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs and Purchaser shall be entitled to all receivables with respect thereto and all proceeds of cash calls, billings and other funds received as reimbursement in respect thereof.  As part of the final settlement statement, AEPO shall provide reasonable supporting documentation in respect of such unreimbursed Property Costs and include the payment to be made by Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 2.4(c)


	in the calculation of the final settlement statement.





	(d)



	Should any Party receive any proceeds or other income after the Closing to which another Party is entitled under this


	Section 2.4


	, such receiving Party shall fully disclose, account for and promptly remit same.  Similarly, should Purchaser pay any Property Costs after the Closing for which Sellers are responsible under this


	Section 2.4


	, Sellers shall reimburse the Purchaser promptly after receipt of an invoice, accompanied by proof of payment, with respect to such Property Costs.  If Sellers receive any invoice for Property Costs after the Closing for which Purchaser is responsible under this


	Section 2.4


	, Sellers shall promptly forward such invoice to Purchaser.  


	Each Party agrees that this


	Section 2.4(d)


	shall not be interpreted to require a Party to remit or reimburse, as the case may be, any such amounts more frequently than once per calendar month, unless the amounts owed exceed $100,000.00.







	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this


	Section 2.4


	, following the third anniversary of the Closing Date, Sellers shall have no further entitlement to amounts earned from the sale of Hydrocarbons produced from or attributable to the Assets and other income earned with respect to the Assets and no further responsibility for Property Costs (other than Property Taxes specifically allocated to Sellers as provided in


	Article 13


	) incurred with respect to the Assets.


































































	Section 2.5




	Procedures



	.










	(a)



	For purposes of allocating production and accounts receivable with respect thereto under


	Section 2.4


	, gaseous Hydrocarbons shall be deemed to be “from or attributable to” the Properties when they pass through the delivery point sales meter closest to the well. Sellers shall utilize reasonable interpolative procedures to arrive at an allocation of production when exact meter readings or gauging and strapping data is not available.  Sellers shall provide to Purchaser evidence of all meter readings and all gauging and strapping procedures conducted on or about the Effective Time in connection with the Assets, together with all data necessary to support any estimated allocation, for purposes of establishing the adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	.  The terms “earned” and “incurred” shall be interpreted in



	-5-





	accordance with GAAP and Council of


	Petroleum Accountants Society (“


	COPAS


	”) standards, and expenditures which are incurred pursuant to an operating agreement, unit agreement or similar agreement shall be deemed incurred based on when services are rendered, when the goods are delivered or wh


	en the work is performed.







	(b)



	Purchaser shall handle all joint interest audits and other audits of Property Costs covering the period for which Purchaser is in whole or in part responsible under


	Section


	2.4


	;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that Purchaser shall not agree to any adjustments to previously assessed costs for which any Seller is liable, or any compromise of any audit claims to which any Seller would be entitled, without the prior written consent of Sellers, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Each Party shall provide the other Party with a copy of all applicable audit reports and written audit agreements received by such Party or its Affiliates and relating to periods for which any such Party is partially responsible.









	(c)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, right-of-way fees and other Property Costs (other than delay rentals, lease extension payments, lease bonus payments and/or insurance premiums due prior to the Effective Time which shall be the sole responsibility of Sellers and Property Taxes) that are paid periodically shall be prorated based on the number of days in the applicable period falling before and the number of days in the applicable period falling on or after the day of the Effective Time.  Property Taxes shall be prorated as set forth in


	Section


	13.2


	.

































































	ARTICLE 3
































































	PURCHASE PRICE
























































































	Section 3.1




	Unadjusted Purchase Price



	.  The purchase price for the Assets shall be an aggregate amount equal to $505,000,000.00 (the “

	Unadjusted Purchase Price

	”), which shall be adjusted as provided in

	Section 3.4

	;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price payable to the Admiral Sellers (as set forth on

	Schedule 3.1

	) at the Closing (the “

	Stock Purchase Price

	”) shall be paid, delivered and issued in the form of Purchaser Common Stock, subject to adjustment pursuant to

	Section 3.4

	.  AEPO, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price (as set forth on

	Schedule 3.1

	) at Closing in cash (the “

	Cash Purchase Price

	”), subject to adjustment pursuant to

	Section 3.4

	.  The number of shares of Purchaser Common Stock payable to the Admiral Sellers at Closing shall be calculated pursuant to the Stock Issuance Agreement and such shares shall bear an aggregate value equal to the Stock Purchase Price, subject to adjustment pursuant to

	Section 3.4

	.







































































	Section 3.2




	Deposit



	.  Within one Business Day after the Execution Date, Purchaser shall pay to AEPO on behalf of Sellers, in immediately available funds by wire transfer into an account designated by AEPO prior to the date hereof, an amount equal to 10% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price (the “

	Deposit

	”).  The Deposit shall be applied against the Cash Purchase Price at the Closing or be distributed in accordance with the terms of

	Section 11.3

	, as applicable.





















































































	Section 3.3




	Allocation of Unadjusted Purchase Price















	.








	  






	(a)



	Within sixty days after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall prepare and deliver to Sellers, using and based upon the best information available to Purchaser, a schedule along with



	-6-





	reasonably detailed supporting documentation, setting forth an allocation of the Unadjusted Purchase Price and any other item


	s properly treated as consideration for U.S. federal income Tax purposes among the classes of assets provided for in Treasury Regulation § 1.338-6, in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and any sim


	ilar provisions of state, local or foreign Law, as appropriate) and, to the extent allowed by applicable Law, in a manner consistent with the Allocated Values (the “


	Preliminary Allocation Schedule


	”).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreem


	ent, the “Allocated Value” for (i) any Well equals the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price allocated to such Well on


	Exhibit A-2


	; (ii) any Undeveloped Lease equals the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price allocated to such Undeveloped Lease on


	Exh


	ibit A-3


	; and (iii) any Unit equals the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase allocated to such Unit on


	Exhibit A-8


	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Sellers have accepted such Allocated Values for purposes of this Agreement and th


	e transactions contemplated hereby but make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of such values.





	(b)



	As soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than forty-five (45) days following receipt of the Preliminary Allocation Schedule, Sellers shall deliver to Purchaser a written report containing any changes that Sellers proposes to be made in such schedule (and specifying the reasons therefore in reasonable detail).  The Parties shall undertake to agree on a final schedule no later than fifteen (15) Business Days subsequent to the receipt by Purchaser of Seller’s proposed changes (such schedule, if any, the “


	Final Allocation Schedule


	”).



	(c)



	If Sellers and Purchaser reach an agreement with respect to the Final Allocation Schedule in accordance with


	Section 3.3(b)


	, (i) Purchaser and Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to update the Final Allocation Schedule in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code following any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) Purchaser and Sellers shall, and shall cause their Affiliates to, report consistently with the Final Allocation Schedule in all Tax Returns;


	provided, however


	, that no Party shall be unreasonably impeded in its ability and discretion to negotiate, compromise and/or settle any Tax audit, claim or similar proceedings in connection with such allocation.
















































































































































































	Section 3.4




	Adjustments to Unadjusted Purchase Price





	.  All adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be made (x) without duplication (in this Agreement or otherwise), (y) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, to the extent not inconsistent with this Agreement, in accordance with GAAP and COPAS as consistently applied in the oil and gas industry in Texas and (z) only with respect to matters, (A) in the case of

	Section 3.4(b)(iii)

	, for which valid notice is given on or before the Defect Claim Date and (B) in all of the other cases set forth in

	Section 3.4(a)

	or

	Section 3.4(b)

	, identified on or before the last day of the three year anniversary of the Closing Date (the “

	Cut-off Date

	”).  Any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price hereunder shall be made between the Cash Purchase Price and the Stock Purchase Price, in the same ratio as the Cash Purchase Price bears to the Stock Purchase Price (the “

	Consideration Ratio

	”);

	provided

	that any adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price as a result of a Title Defect affecting only the Admiral Sellers’ interest in the Assets will reduce the applicable Admiral Sellers’ portion of the Stock Purchase Price on a dollar-for-dollar basis (with no adjustment to the Cash Purchase Price) and any adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price as a result of a Title Defect affecting only AEPO’s interest in the Assets will reduce the Cash Purchase Price on a dollar-for-dollar basis (with no adjustment to the Stock Purchase


	-7-





	Price).  Without limiting


	the foregoing, the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted as follows, resulting in the “


	Adjusted Purchase Price


	”:









	(a)



	The Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted upward by the following amounts:







	(i)



	an amount equal to all Property Costs that are (A) incurred after the Effective Time but paid by any Seller and (B) incurred prior to the Effective Time but allocable to post-Effective Time periods pursuant to


	Section 2.5(c)


	and paid by Sellers, but excluding, in each case, any amounts previously reimbursed to Sellers by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 2.4(d)


	;







	(ii)



	an amount equal to all proceeds and other income to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to


	Section 2.4(


	b)


	to the extent that such amounts have been received by Purchaser and not remitted or paid to any Seller;









	(iii)



	an amount equal to any Tax benefit as of the Cut-off Date that can reasonably be determined




	by Sellers as attributable to any reduction in severance Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time;









	(iv)



	to the extent that proceeds for the associated production prior to and at the Effective Time have not been received by or remitted to any Seller, an amount equal to the aggregate volumes of Hydrocarbons stored in stock tanks or other storage as of the Effective Time (the “


	Stored Hydrocarbons


	”), in each case, from or attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom


	multiplied


	by $48.08 for oil;





	(v)



	any amount equal to any upward adjustment for Imbalances as determined  in accordance with the procedures set forth on


	Schedule 3.4


	; and











	(vi)



	any other amount provided for elsewhere in this Agreement or otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties as an upward adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price.









	(b)



	The Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted downward by the following amounts:







	(i)



	an amount equal to all Property Costs and other costs attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom that are incurred prior to the Effective Time but paid by Purchaser, but excluding any amounts previously reimbursed to Purchaser by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 2.4(d)


	;







	(ii)



	an amount equal to all proceeds and other income to which Purchaser is entitled pursuant to




	Section 2.4(a)


	, to the extent that such amounts have been received by Sellers and not remitted or paid to Purchaser;











	(iii)



	any undisputed (as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Title Expert) Title Defect Amounts for Title Defects determined pursuant to


	Section


	4.2


	(as offset by undisputed Title Benefit Amounts for Title Benefits determined pursuant to


	Section


	4.3


	)


	or the



	-8-





	undisputed (as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Environmental Expert) Remediation Amounts for any Advers


	e Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to


	Section


	5.1


	;









	(iv)



	the amount of (A) any reduction in value of the Assets caused by Casualty Losses, as set forth in


	Section 4.7(


	a)


	, or (B) the Allocated Value for any portion of the Assets taken in condemnation or under right of eminent domain, as set forth in


	Section 4.7(


	b)


	;













	(v)



	an amount equal to the Allocated Value, if any, of any Assets excluded from this transaction pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(


	iii)


	,


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	;









	(vi)



	any amount equal to any downward adjustment for Imbalances as determined in accordance with the procedures set forth on


	Schedule 3.4


	; and





	(vii)



	any other amount provided for elsewhere in this Agreement or otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties as a downward adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price.




















	Section 3.5




	Parent Guaranty


	.



	(a)



	Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall cause WildHorse Resource Development Corporation to deliver to Sellers the Parent Guaranty.

























































































































	ARTICLE 4
























































































































	TITLE MATTERS; CONSENTS








































































	Section 4.1




	Sellers’ Title





	.  Except for the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances and the representations and warranties set forth in

	Sections 6.5

	,

	6.6

	,

	6.10

	,

	6.11

	,

	6.13

	and

	6.14

	(the “

	Specified Representations

	”), Sellers make no, and expressly disclaim any, warranty or representation, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to Sellers’ title to any of the Assets and Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that, subject to

	Section 4.5

	, Purchaser’s sole remedy for any defect of title, including any Title Defect, with respect to any of the Assets, (a) on or before the Defect Claim Date, shall be as set forth in

	Section 4.2

	and (b) from and after the Defect Claim Date (without duplication), shall be pursuant to the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances and/or

	Section 12.2(b)(iv)

	for breaches of the Specified Representations of Sellers;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser shall not be entitled to protection under the special warranty of title provided in the Conveyances for any Title Defect reported under this

	Article 4

	.  The special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances shall be subject to the terms and provisions of this

	Section 4.1

	(

	mutatis mutandis

	). If, after the Closing, Purchaser provides written notice of a breach of the special warranty of title in the Conveyances to any breaching Seller, such Seller shall have a reasonable opportunity to cure such breach (not to exceed ninety days following notice of such breach). In any event, the recovery on a breach of Sellers’ special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances shall not exceed, in the aggregate, the Allocated Value of the affected Asset.  Disputes regarding the existence of a breach of the special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances, the amount by which the affected Asset is adversely affected by


	-9-





	such breach or the cure of such breach shall be resolved in accordance with


	Section 14.


	3


	of this Agreement.


































































































	Section 4.2




	Title Defects



	.










	(a)



	To assert a claim of a Title Defect, Purchaser must deliver a claim notice to Sellers (each, a “


	Title Defect Notice


	”) at or prior to 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the Defect Claim Date. Each Title Defect Notice shall be in writing and shall include (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Purchaser’s basis for, the alleged Title Defect, (ii) identification of each Well, Unit or Undeveloped Lease (each, a “


	Title Defect Property


	”), in each case, that is adversely affected by the Title Defect, (iii) the Allocated Value of each Title Defect Property, (iv) all documents in Purchaser’s possession or control (or references thereto if such documents are also in Seller’s possession or in the applicable county records) upon which Purchaser relies for its assertion of a Title Defect, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Purchaser (or Purchaser may include references thereto if any such documents are also in any Seller’s possession or in the applicable county records), to the extent reasonably necessary for Sellers to verify the existence of the alleged Title Defect, (v) the identity of the Seller(s) affected by such Title Defect (based on the reasonable belief of Purchaser); and (vi) the amount by which Purchaser reasonably believes the Allocated Value of each Title Defect Property is reduced by the alleged Title Defect calculated in accordance with


	Section 4.2(c)


	, and the computations therefor.  To be valid, each Title Defect Notice must be substantially in compliance with each of the requirements of the foregoing sentence. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary and subject to Purchaser’s rights under the special warranties of title contained in the Conveyances and


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)




	for breaches of the Specified Representations, Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right to assert any Title Defects for which a Title Defect Notice in substantial compliance with each of the requirements set forth in


	Section 4.2(a)(i)


	–


	(vi)


	above has not been delivered on or before the Defect Claim Date.













	(b)



	Remedies


	.  To the extent Purchaser delivers any valid Title Defect Notices prior to the Defect Claim Date, then, subject to the Defect Threshold and Aggregate Defect Deductible, Sellers may, on or before 5:00 p.m. Central Time five Business Days following the Defect Claim Date (the “


	Remedy Period


	”):







	(i)



	elect to cure such Title Defect, which curative work may extend up to 90 days from and after the Closing (the “


	Post-Closing Cure Period


	”);







	(ii)



	notify Purchaser that Sellers do not intend to cure such Title Defect, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Title Defect Amount, as agreed upon by the Parties attributable to such Title Defect; or









	(iii)



	elect to retain the entirety of any Well or Undeveloped Lease that is adversely affected by such Title Defect (including the directly associated Assets reasonably necessary to own, use or operate such Well or Undeveloped Lease, as the case may be) in the event that the Title Defect Amount with respect to such Title Defect exceeds ninety percent (90%) of the Allocated Value of the affected Well or Undeveloped Lease, in which case the affected Well or Undeveloped Lease and directly associated Assets will be become Excluded Assets, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by an amount equal to the Allocated



	-10-





	Value of such Well or Undeveloped Lease, in each ca


	se, including the Allocated Value of any other directly associated Assets so excluded;



	provided

	,

	however

	, that if Sellers fail to elect a remedy prior to the end of the Remedy Period, Sellers shall be deemed to have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	;

	provided further

	that, in the case of Sellers’ election (or deemed election) of the remedies described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	or


	Section 4.2(b)(ii)


	, the Title Defect Properties shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  For any Title Defect with respect to which Sellers and Purchaser agree on the validity of the asserted Title Defect and the Title Defect Amount and for which (1) Sellers have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(ii)


	or (2) Sellers have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	and such Title Defect is not waived by Purchaser or cured by Sellers prior to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, then, in each case, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by the Title Defect Amount of such Title Defect;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that any downward adjustments made pursuant to


	clause (2)


	of this sentence shall be made and accounted for at the time of the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  An election by Sellers to attempt to cure a Title Defect shall be without prejudice to their rights under


	Section 4.4


	and shall not constitute an admission against interest or a waiver of Sellers’ rights to dispute the existence, nature or value of, or cost to cure, the alleged Title Defect or the adequacy of any Title Defect Notice or any curative action.  No reduction shall be made to the Unadjusted Purchase Price to the extent Sellers have cured any asserted Title Defect.  To the extent Sellers partially cure any asserted Title Defect, any reduction to the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall equal the portion of the Title Defect Amount relating to the uncured portion of the subject Title Defect.









	(c)



	The “


	Title Defect Amount


	” resulting from a Title Defect shall be the amount by which the Allocated Values of the adversely affected Title Defect Properties are reduced as a result of the existence of such Title Defect and shall be determined in accordance with the following methodology, terms and conditions:









	(i)



	if Purchaser and Sellers agree on the Title Defect Amount, that amount shall be the Title Defect Amount;















	(ii)



	if the Title Defect is a lien, encumbrance or other charge that is undisputed and liquidated in amount, then the Title Defect Amount shall be the amount necessary to be paid to remove the Title Defect from Sellers’ interest in the affected Title Defect Property;









	(iii)



	with respect to any Well, if the Title Defect reflects a discrepancy between (A) Sellers’ actual Net Revenue Interest for the affected Well and (B) the Net Revenue Interest stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well, and there is a corresponding proportionate decrease in the Working Interest for such Well below that stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well, then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of the Allocated Value of such Well


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the Net Revenue Interest decrease and the denominator of which is the Net Revenue Interest stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that with respect to any discrepancy in a Reversionary Net Revenue Interest, the Title Defect Amount shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the likely economic effect of the asserted Title Defect over the life of the affected Well;



	-11-









	(iv)




	with respect to any Unit or Undeveloped Lease, if the Title Defect represents a discrepancy between (A) Sellers’ actual Net Acres for the affected Unit or Undeveloped Lease and (B) the Net Acres stated on


	Exhibit A-8


	or


	A-3


	, as applicable for suc


	h Unit or Undeveloped Lease, then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of the Allocated Value of such Unit or Undeveloped Lease


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of such Net Acre decrease and the deno


	minator of which is the Net Acres stated in


	Exhibit A-8


	or


	A-3


	, as applicable, for such Unit or Undeveloped Lease;









	(v)



	with respect to any Undeveloped Lease, if the Title Defect is based on Sellers’ having an actual Net Revenue Interest in such Undeveloped Lease less than the Net Revenue Interest Floor (or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be)


	,


	then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of


	Allocated Value of such Undeveloped Lease


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount by which the Net Revenue Interest Floor (


	or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be)


	exceeds such actual Net Revenue Interest and the denominator of which is the


	Net Revenue Interest Floor (or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be);  



	(vi)



	if the Title Defect represents an obligation, encumbrance, burden or charge upon or other defect in title to the Title Defect Property of a type not described in


	clauses


	 


	(i)


	,


	(ii)


	,


	(iii)


	,


	(iv)


	or


	(v)


	 above, the Title Defect Amount shall be determined by taking into account the Allocated Value of the Title Defect Property, the portion of the Title Defect Property adversely affected by the Title Defect, the legal effect of the Title Defect, the potential economic effect of the Title Defect over the life of the Title Defect Property, the likelihood and timing of potential capital expenditures over the life of the Title Defect Property, the values placed upon the asserted Title Defect by Purchaser and Sellers and such other factors as are necessary to make a proper evaluation;







	(vii)



	the Title Defect Amount with respect to a Title Defect shall be determined without duplication of any costs or losses included in any other Title Defect Amount hereunder or of any amounts for which Purchaser otherwise receives credit in the calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price and shall be calculated in a manner that is net to Sellers’ interest in the applicable Title Defect Property; and







	(viii)



	notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this


	Article


	4


	or any instrument or undertaking delivered pursuant hereto (except in the case of Title Defect Amount(s) under


	Section 4.2(c)(ii)


	attributable to Title Defects arising from


	clause (g)


	of the definition of Defensible Title), the aggregate Title Defect Amounts attributable to the effects of all Title Defects upon any Title Defect Property shall not exceed the Allocated Value of such Title Defect Property.







	(d)



	If Sellers and Purchaser cannot reach an agreement on alleged Title Defects and Title Defect Amounts by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, the provisions of


	Section


	4.4


	shall apply.



	-12-







	(e)




	The Parties acknowledge that the L


	eases set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	and


	Exhibit A-3


	are divided into tracts.  


	Exhibit A-3


	sets forth a separate Allocated Value for each subdivision of each Undeveloped Lease.  Reference to the term “Lease” throughout this Agreement will be interpreted to refer to each subdivision of a Lease reflected as a separate line item on


	Exhibit A-1


	and




	Exhibit A-3


	, regardless of whether any particular line item represents an entire Lease or only a particular tract of such Lease.  By way of example only, if an Undeveloped Lease is subdivided into four tracts, then


	Exhibit A-1


	and


	Exhibit A-3


	will identif


	y all the subdivisions of such Undeveloped Lease using four separate line items.  If such Undeveloped Lease is affected by a Title Defect, the “Title Defect Property” will be the specific tracts affected, not necessarily the entire Undeveloped Lease.



	(f)



	Exhibit A-8


	identifies, in part, Sellers’ interest in the existing Units and the Leases included within each existing Unit. Following the Execution Date, upon request, Sellers will use reasonable efforts to assist Purchaser in identifying the specific number of Net Acres contributed by each Lease to each Unit.
















































































	Section 4.3




	Title Benefits



	.








	(a)



	Sellers have the right, but not the obligation, to deliver to Purchaser prior to the Closing Date a notice (a “


	Title Benefit Notice


	”) in writing that includes (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Sellers’ basis for, the alleged Title Benefit, (ii) identification of each Well or Undeveloped Lease affected by such Title Benefit (each a “


	Title Benefit Property


	”), (iii) the Allocated Value of each Title Benefit Property, (iv) all documents in Sellers’ possession or control upon which Sellers rely for their assertion of a Title Benefit or references to such documents to the extent the documents are in Purchaser’s possession, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Sellers to the extent reasonably necessary for Purchaser to verify the existence of the alleged Title Benefit and (v) the amount by which Sellers reasonably believe the Allocated Value of each Title Benefit Property is increased by such Title Benefit and the computations therefor. To be valid, each Title Benefit Notice must be substantially in compliance with each of the requirements of the foregoing sentence.













	(b)



	With respect to each Title Benefit Property affected by Title Benefits reported under


	Section 4.3(a)


	, any reduction to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	or


	Section 4.4


	for a Title Defect will be offset by an amount (the “


	Title Benefit Amount


	”) equal to the increase in the Allocated Value for the Title Benefit Properties affected by such Title Defect, as determined pursuant to


	Section 4.3(c)


	.  Any such offset shall be made and accounted for in the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Unadjusted Purchase Price may be adjusted for any Title Benefits only as an offset to any Unadjusted Purchase Price adjustments for Title Defects.









	(c)



	The Title Benefit Amount for any Title Benefit shall be calculated using methodology substantially similar to the methodology used to calculate Title Defect Amounts pursuant to


	Section 4.2(c)


	(


	mutatis mutandis


	), with such adjustments as are necessary to permit the Parties to use such calculations and methodologies to determine the amount by which the Allocated Value of the affected Title Benefit Property is increased as a result of the existence of such Title Benefit.



	-13-











	(d)




	If Sellers and Purchaser cannot reach


	an agreement on alleged Title Benefits and Title Benefit Amounts by the Closing, the provisions of


	Section


	4.4


	shall apply.






































































































































	Section 4.4




	Title Disputes



	.










	(a)



	Sellers and Purchaser shall attempt to agree on all asserted Title Defects/Title Benefits and Title Defect Amounts/Title Benefit Amounts (including, in each case, the adequacy of notices thereof or any curative actions with respect thereto) prior to the Closing Date.  If, by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, Sellers and Purchaser are unable to agree on an alleged Title Defect/Title Benefit or Title Defect Amount/Title Benefit Amount, including the adequacy of any notice thereof or any curative actions with respect thereto (the “


	Disputed Title Matters


	”) such disputes, and only such disputes,




	shall be exclusively and finally resolved in accordance with the following provisions of this


	Section 4.4


	.  Any Asset subject to a Disputed Title Matter shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing, and a cash amount equal to the alleged Title Defect Amounts/Title Benefit Amounts shall be placed in escrow with the Escrow Agent, and any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price resulting from the expert determination shall be reflected in the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  Any initiation of an expert determination of any Disputed Title Matter shall be in accordance only with the following


	subsections (b)


	through


	(k)


	.











	(b)



	No later than ten Business Days following the (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, either Party may submit any Disputed Title Matter to expert determination pursuant to this


	Section 4.4


	by written notice to the other Party, together with all reasonably supporting documentation in its possession or control regarding such Disputed Title Matter.  If a Party does not submit a notice of expert determination to the other Party in accordance with this


	Section 4.4(b)


	, such Party shall be deemed to have waived all such Disputed Title Matters, which shall be deemed conclusively resolved in accordance with the Title Defect Notice or Title Benefit Notice or subsequent correspondence between the Parties.









	(c)



	By not later than ten Business Days after a Party’s receipt of a written description of any Disputed Title Matters,




	such Party shall provide to the initiating Party a written response setting forth its position with respect to such Disputed Title Matters, together with all reasonably supporting documentation in its possession or control.









	(d)



	There shall be a single title expert (the “


	Title Expert


	”), who shall be an attorney with at least 15 years of experience examining oil and gas titles in the region of Texas in which the Assets are located.  Within two Business Days following the initiating Party’s receipt of the other Party’s response as described in


	Section 4.4(c)


	, Sellers and Purchaser shall each exchange lists of three acceptable, qualified title experts, and shall certify that each potential title expert set forth on its list has not, and such title expert’s firm has not, represented the certifying Party or any of its Affiliates within the previous two years.  Within two Business Days following the exchange of lists of acceptable title experts, Sellers and Purchaser shall select by mutual agreement the Title Expert from their original lists of three acceptable title experts.  If no such agreement is reached, the Houston office of the American Arbitration Association shall select a title expert from the original lists provided by Sellers and Purchaser to serve as the Title Expert.



	-14-















	(e)




	Within two Business Days following the sel


	ection and engagement of the Title Expert, the Parties shall submit to the Title Expert one copy of (i) this Agreement, with specific reference to this


	Section 


	4.4


	, the other applicable provisions of this


	Article 


	4


	and any defined terms in


	Appendix A


	relevant to this


	Article 


	4


	, (ii) the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed Title Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 


	4.4


	(b)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the other Party and (iii) the other Party’s written response to the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed


	Title Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 


	4.4(c)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the initiating Party.  The Title Expert shall resolve the Disputed Title Matters based only on the foregoing submissions.  Neithe


	r Purchaser nor Sellers shall have the right to submit additional documentation to the Title Expert or to demand discovery on the other Party.


	  







	(f)



	The Title Expert, once appointed, shall have no


	ex parte


	communications with any Party concerning the determination required hereunder.  All communications between any Party and the Title Expert shall be conducted in writing, with copies sent simultaneously to the other Parties in the same manner, or at a meeting in Houston, Texas, to which the representatives of all Parties have been invited and of which such Parties have been provided at least five days’ written notice.









	(g)



	The Parties will instruct the Title Expert to make his determination by written decision within 15 Business Days following submission of the Disputed Title Matters to the Title Expert pursuant to


	Section 4.4(e)


	, which shall be final and binding upon the Parties, without right of appeal.  In making the determination, the Title Expert shall be bound by the rules set forth in this


	Article


	4


	.  The Title Expert may consult with and engage disinterested Third Parties to advise the Title Expert but shall disclose to the Parties the identities of any such consultants.  Any such consultant shall not have worked as an employee of or consultant for either Party or its Affiliates during the two-year period preceding the expert determination and shall not have any financial interest in the dispute.  The written finding of the Title Expert will set forth the Title Expert’s finding, if applicable, as to (A) whether the subject Title Defect exists or has been cured and, subject to the following sentence, the resulting Title Defect Amount, (B) the existence of the asserted Title Benefit and, subject to the following sentence, corresponding Title Benefit Amount, (C) the deficiencies in any notice of the foregoing and the specific supplemental information that, if provided, would cause such notice to be in compliance with the terms of


	Section 4.2(a)


	, and/or (D) the adequacy of any title curative action, including any such additional curative actions necessary to cure properly any asserted Title Defect, as applicable, in each case, including the Title Expert’s rationale for the determination.  With respect to a Title Defect Amount or Title Benefit Amount, the Title Expert shall be limited to awarding only the final amount proposed by either Party in its submissions provided pursuant to


	Section 4.4(e)


	.  The Title Expert shall make a separate and independent determination with respect to each Disputed Title Matter submitted and shall provide a detailed written finding supporting such determination.  For the avoidance of doubt, the submission of a Disputed Title Matter for interim determination (


	e.g.


	,




	a determination about the adequacy of a Title Defect Notice) shall not prohibit any Party from subsequently disputing the existence of an asserted Title Defect or Title Benefit, the corresponding Title Defect Amount or Title Benefit Amount or the adequacy of any curative actions taken with respect to an asserted Title Defect, unless the Title Expert has already made a determination with respect to such matters.



	-15-











	(h)




	The Title Expert


	shall act as an expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed Title Defects or Title Benefits and shall not be empowered to award Damages, interest or penalties to either Party with respect to any matter.







	(i)



	Each Party shall bear its own legal fees and other costs of preparing and presenting its case. The costs of the Title Expert shall be borne (i) by Sellers in a ratio equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate amount awarded by the Title Expert in favor of Purchaser, and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the Title Defects Amounts submitted for determination to the Title Expert, and (ii) the remainder by Purchaser.









	(j)



	Subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, any amounts determined to be owed by either Party shall be accounted for in the final determination of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	and Sellers and Purchaser shall deliver documentation to the Escrow Agent required to release the amounts determined by the Title Expert to be owed to either Party


	.  Any alleged Title Defects/Title Benefits determined not to be Title Defects/Title Benefits under the decision of the Title Expert shall be final and binding as not being Title Defects/Title Benefits, and any such decision of the Title Expert shall be enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.









	(k)



	Any dispute over the interpretation or application of this


	Section 4.4


	shall be decided by the Title Expert with reference to the Laws of the State of Texas.  The Parties intend that the procedures set forth in this


	Section


	4.4


	shall not constitute or be handled as arbitration proceedings under the Federal Arbitration Act or any applicable state arbitration act and that the provisions of this


	Section 4.4


	shall be specifically enforceable.






































































	Section 4.5




	Limitations on Applicability



	.










	(a)



	This


	Article 4


	,


	the special warranty of title provided in the Conveyances and


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)






	for breaches by Sellers of the Specified Representations shall comprise, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the exclusive rights and remedies of Purchaser with respect to Title Defects.













	(b)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in th


	is Agreement, in no event shall there be any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies available in respect of Title Defects under this


	Article 4








	unless


	the sum of (i) all such Title Defect Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold and (ii) 


	all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions that exceed the Defect Threshold


	exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible, beyond which point, Purchaser shall be entitled to adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies elected by Sellers in accordance with this


	Article 4


	only to the extent that the sum of such Title Defect Amounts and such Remediation Amounts exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible.  







	(c)



	In the event (i) Purchaser is entitled to a remedy pursuant to


	clause (b)


	above and such remedy is that a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser or (ii) a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, the Allocated Value of any such removed Property shall not be included in the Aggregate Defect Deductible


	.



	-16-







	(d)




	The Parties acknowledge and agree that a Title Defect may affect multiple Properties and in such


	event the Parties acknowledge and agree, for the avoidance of doubt, that if the Title Defect Amount associated therewith (which shall be the aggregate reduction in Allocated Value of all affected Properties) exceeds the Defect Threshold then, subject to


	the Aggregate Defect Deductible, Purchaser shall be entitled to the remedies provided in this


	Article 


	4


	.



	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement, in the event a Title Defect hereunder additionally constitutes a Title Defect under the Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement, then, for such Title Defect, the “Defect Threshold” referenced in


	Section 4.5(b)


	of this Agreement shall be equal to $60,000.00 and the “Defect Threshold” in Section 4.5(b) of the Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement shall be equal to $15,000.00.






























































































	Section 4.6




	Consents to Assignment and Preferential Rights to Purchase



	.








	(a)



	As soon as reasonably practicable following the Execution Date but in any event no later than ten Business Days following the Execution Date, Sellers shall send (i) notice to the holder of any consent to assignment or similar approval necessary for the Parties to complete the transactions as contemplated hereby that will be triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any Required Consents but excluding the Customary Post-Closing Consents), requesting consents to the Conveyances and (ii) notice to any Third Party holder of any Preferential Right to Purchase  that is triggered by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (each notice to be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser), requesting waiver of such Preferential Right to Purchase, in each case, in accordance with the contractual requirements pertaining to each consent to assignment, approval right and Preferential Right to Purchase.  Any such Preferential Right to Purchase must be exercised subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including the successful Closing pursuant to


	Article 10


	as to those Assets for which such Preferential Right to Purchase has not been exercised.  The consideration payable under this Agreement for any particular Asset for purposes of Preferential Right to Purchase notices shall be the Allocated Value for such Asset, subject to adjustment as described in


	Section 3.4


	.  Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consents and approvals and waivers of such Preferential Rights to Purchase (or the exercise thereof) prior to the Closing;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that Sellers shall not be required to (i) make payments or (ii) remain liable for (post-closing) or undertake obligations to or for the benefit of the holders of such rights in order to obtain any such consent, approval or waiver.  Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with Sellers in seeking to obtain such consents and approvals and waivers of Preferential Rights to Purchase, which cooperation will include providing evidence of creditworthiness.  Subject to


	clauses (b)


	and


	(c)


	below, if Sellers are unable to obtain such consents, approvals or waivers by the Closing Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such consents, approvals or waivers after the Closing.



















	(b)









	Required Consents


	.













	(i)



	If any Contract or Surface Agreement is subject to a Required Consent and such Required Consent has not been obtained prior to the Closing or is subject to a Soft Consent and such Soft Consent is denied in writing (and the holder gives a reason for such denial in



	-17-





	writing) prior to the Closing (such Required Consents and Soft Consents, the “


	Unobtained Contract Consents


	”), (A) such Contract o


	r Surface Agreement, as applicable will be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and will be treated as an Excluded Asset, and (B) Purchaser may request that Sellers execute and deliver such instruments and take such other actions as Purchaser m


	ay reasonably request to carry out the intent of this Agreement and the transfer of any Property and its related Assets related to such Contract or Surface Agreement, as applicable, including, to the extent reasonably practicable, the execution of back-to-


	back agreements to effect the transfer to Purchaser of the benefits to and burdens on Sellers under the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that entering into such back-to-back agreements does not:


	(x) expressly result in a breach of the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent, (y) result in a violation of Law by Sellers or (z) impose a burden on Sellers that is materially disproportionate to the benefit received by


	Purchaser under the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent (such arrangements, the “


	Back-to-Back Arrangements


	”). Sellers’ obligation to perform Back-to-Back Arrangements with respect to any Contract or Surface Agreement p


	ursuant to this


	Section 4.6(b)(i)


	will terminate upon the earlier of (x) the Cut-off Date, (y) the date that the Unobtained Contract Consent with respect to such C


	ontract or Surface Agreement is obtained and (z) the date Purchaser notifies Sellers that it has made alternative arrangements that vitiate the need for such Contract or Surface Agreement, which notice shall be provided by Purchaser as soon as practicable


	after such alternative arrangements are made (


	provided


	that such Contract or Surface Agreement does not prohibit such alternative arrangement).  If Purchaser is assigned the Property or Properties to which such Contract or Surface Agreement relates, but su


	ch Contract or Surface Agreement is not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this


	Section 4.6(b)(i)


	, Sellers shall continue after the Closing to use co


	mmercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Unobtained Contract Consents that have not been affirmatively denied so that such Contract or Surface Agreement can be transferred to Purchaser;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that if Sellers are unable to obtain such Unobta


	ined Contract Consent by the Cut-off Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such Unobtained Contract Consent and, at Purchaser’s election, unless the affected Contract is a midstream or marketing Contract, the affected Contract or


	Surface Agreement shall be assigned to Purchaser by Sellers.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Damages arising from or relating to any such assignment shall be Assumed Purchaser Obligations and not Retained Seller Obligations.


	  


	If Purchaser does not so ele


	ct, the affected Contract or Surface Agreement shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes


	.









	(ii)



	If any Lease is subject to a Required Consent and such Required Consent has not been obtained prior to the Closing or is subject to a Soft Consent and such Soft Consent is denied in writing (and the holder gives a reason for such denial in writing) prior to the Closing (such Required Consents and Soft Consents, the “


	Unobtained Lease Consents


	”), then, in each case, (i) the affected Lease and the Assets directly associated with the Lease shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets and (ii) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Allocated Value of such excluded Lease and directly associated Assets, if any.  If such Unobtained Lease Consent is subsequently obtained prior to the Cut-off Date, then Sellers shall notify Purchaser and an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following receipt of such consent at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Lease and related Assets that were excluded at Closing to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and



	-18-





	(B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equa


	l to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis


	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  In the event of such assignment, the term “Closing Date” with


	respect to any such Assets shall mean the date of assignment of such Assets from Sellers to Purchaser.  If such Unobtained Lease Consent is not obtained by the Cut-off Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such Unobtained Lease


	Consent and, at Purchaser’s election, an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following such election at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Lease and its directly associated Assets that were excluded at the C


	losing to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and (B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis


	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Damages arising from or relating to any such assignment shall be Assumed Purchaser Obligations and not Retained Seller Obligations.  If Purch


	aser does not so elect, the affected Lease and its directly associated Assets shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes.



	(iii)



	For purposes of this


	Section 4.6(b)


	, a Required Consent shall be deemed obtained if the Person holding the Required Consent grants consent or is deemed to have consented pursuant to the terms of the document in which the Required Consent is contained.  For the avoidance of doubt, if Sellers do not obtain consent from the holder of any Soft Consent, then, except for those Soft Consents constituting Unobtained Contract Consents or Unobtained Lease Consents, the underlying Asset shall be conveyed to Purchaser at Closing and Sellers shall not be liable for failure to obtain such Soft Consent.





























	(c)



	Preferential Rights to Purchase


	.







	(i)



	If, prior to the Closing, the holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase that will be triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (A) notifies Sellers that it intends to exercise its Preferential Right to Purchase or (B) has failed to exercise or waive its Preferential Right to Purchase, and the time for such exercise or waiver has not yet expired, (i) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be decreased by the Allocated Value for such Asset and (ii) the affected Asset shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes.  In such case, Sellers shall retain the consideration paid by the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase and shall have no further obligation with respect to the affected Asset under this Agreement.







	(ii)



	If, on the Closing Date, any holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has failed to exercise or waive its Preferential Right to Purchase as to any portion of the Assets and the time for such exercise or waiver has expired, the affected Assets shall be transferred to Purchaser at the Closing.









	(iii)



	If, following the Closing but prior to the date that is


	90 days following the Closing


	, the holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (A) who exercised such right fails to consummate the purchase in accordance with the applicable agreement or (B) fails to exercise or waive such right and the time for such exercise or waiver has expired, in each case, Sellers shall notify



	-19-





	Purchaser and an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following such failure at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Assets to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agr


	eement (using the form of Conveyance) and (B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis)


	in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  In the event of such assignment, the term “Closing Date” with respect to any such Assets shall mean the date of assignment of such Assets from Sellers to Purchaser


	.  


	Following


	the date that is


	90 days following the Closing, Sel


	lers shall have no further obligation to sell and convey any Assets subject to a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which have not yet been conveyed to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 4.6(c)


	, and Purchaser shall have no further obligation to accept and pay for such Assets, and such Assets shall be deemed Excluded Assets under this Agreement for all purposes.









	(iv)



	If the Parties inadvertently close on any Asset burdened by a Preferential Right to Purchase that is triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, either (A) without having provided the required notification to the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase or (B) without such holder having waived such Preferential Right to Purchase or the time period for the exercise of such Preferential Right to Purchase having expired, and, after the Closing, the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase successfully exercises such Preferential Right to Purchase, then Purchaser shall convey such Asset directly to the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase and shall be entitled to retain all proceeds paid for the affected Asset by the holder of the Preferential Right to Purchase.







	(d)



	Customary Post-Closing Consents


	.  Purchaser, within 30 days after the Closing, shall file for approval with the applicable Governmental Bodies all assignment documents and other state transfer documents required to effectuate the transfer of the Assets.  Purchaser further agrees promptly after the Closing to take all other actions reasonably required of it by Governmental Bodies having jurisdiction to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals with respect to this transaction, and to use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain the approval by such Governmental Bodies, as applicable, of Sellers’ assignment documents requiring approval from such Governmental Body in order for Purchaser to be recognized by such Governmental Body as the owner of the Assets.  Sellers shall provide Purchaser with the resignation and designation of operator instruments, and Purchaser shall provide Sellers with approved copies of the assignment documents and other state transfer documents within ten Business Days of the receipt of such items by Purchaser.










































































































	Section 4.7




	Casualty Loss or Condemnation









	.






	(a)



	If, after the Execution Date but prior to the Closing Date, any portion of the Assets is affected by Casualty Losses and the Damages as a result of such Casualty Losses exceed, in the aggregate,


	$1,500,000.00,


	Purchaser shall nevertheless be required to close, subject to


	Section 9.2(f)


	, and the Sellers whose Assets are affected by such Casualty Losses shall elect by written notice to Purchaser prior to the Closing to (i) cause the Assets adversely affected by such Casualty Losses to be repaired or restored to at least their condition prior to such Casualty Losses, at the affected Sellers’ (or Seller’s) sole cost and expense, as promptly as reasonably practicable, (ii) indemnify Purchaser against any costs or expenses that Purchaser reasonably incurs to repair or restore the Assets subject to any such Casualty Losses to the



	-20-





	condition such Assets were in prior to such Casualty Losses, provided that Purchaser has consented to accept such indemnity or (iii) make an appropriate monetary adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price reflecting the cost to repair


	or restore the Assets adversely effected by such Casualty Losses to at least their condition prior to such Casualty Losses, or if such Casualty Losses are not capable of being repaired or restored, then the “reduction in value” caused by such Casualty Los


	ses;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that such “reduction in value” shall not exceed any amount mutually agreed upon by the Parties as the reasonable cost of repair;


	provided




	further


	, that in no event will any calculation of Damages, cost of repair or reduction in value hereunder take into account any loss of production or changes in production as a result of such Casualty Loss, through an emergency shut-in or otherwise.  Notwithstand


	ing the foregoing, Purchaser shall only be entitled to a remedy in respect of Casualty Losses pursuant to the foregoing sentence to the extent, and only to the extent, such Casualty Losses exceed


	$1,500,000.00


	;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that with respect to any p


	ortion of such Casualty Losses that does not exceed


	$1,500,000.00,


	Purchaser shall be entitled to all sums paid to Sellers by Third Parties by reason of such Casualty Losses and all of Sellers’ right, title and interest (if any) in unpaid awards, condemnat


	ion payments, rights to insurance and other rights and claims against Third Parties (other than Persons within the Seller Group) arising out of such Casualty Losses.









	(b)



	If, after the Execution Date but prior to the Closing Date, any portion of the Assets is taken in condemnation or under right of eminent domain by any Governmental Body, (i) the affected Asset shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed an Excluded Asset and (ii) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be decreased by the Allocated Value for such Asset.  If any action for condemnation or taking under right of eminent domain is pending or threatened with respect to any portion of the Assets after the Execution Date, but no taking of such Asset occurs prior to the Closing Date, Sellers shall, at the Closing, sell, assign and convey to Purchaser, or subrogate Purchaser to Sellers’ right, title and interest (if any) in such taking, including any insurance claims, unpaid awards and other rights against Third Parties (other than claims against Persons within the Seller Group) arising out of the taking, insofar as they are attributable to the Assets (or portions thereof) threatened to be taken.









































































































































	ARTICLE 5








































































































































	ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
































































































































	Section 5.1




	Adverse Environmental Conditions



	.












	(a)



	To assert a claim of an Adverse Environmental Condition, Purchaser must deliver a claim notice to Sellers (each, an “


	Environmental Condition Notice


	”) at or prior to 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the Defect Claim Date.  To be valid, each Environmental Condition Notice shall be in writing and shall include (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Purchaser’s basis for, the alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, including a description of any standards that Purchaser asserts must be met to comply with Environmental Laws, (ii) identification of each Asset adversely affected by the Adverse Environmental Condition (each, an “


	Environmental Defect Property


	”), (iii) the Allocated Value of each Environmental Defect Property, (iv) all documents in Purchaser’s possession or control upon which Purchaser relies for its assertion of an Adverse Environmental Condition, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Purchaser to the extent reasonably necessary for Sellers to verify the existence of the alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, and (v) the Remediation Amount that



	-21-





	Purchaser asserts is attributable to such alleged Adverse Environmental Condition and the computations


	therefor


	.


	To be valid, each Environmental Condition Notice must be substantially in compliance wit


	h each of the requirements of the foregoing sentence.




	For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser may not assert any Adverse Environmental Condition to the extent constituting a Disclosed Environmental Condition, which are set forth on


	Schedule


	5.1


	.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, but without limitation of Purchaser’s rights and remedies pursuant to


	Section 


	12.2(b)(iv)


	for breaches of the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, Purchaser will be deemed to have waived its right to assert any Adverse Environmental Conditions for which an Environmental Condition Notice


	in substantial compliance with each of the requirements set forth in


	Section 5.1(


	a)(i)


	–


	(v)


	above


	has not been delivered on or before the Defect Claim Date.















	(b)



	Remedies


	.  To the extent Purchaser delivers any valid Environmental Condition Notice in accordance with


	Section 5.1(a)


	prior to the Defect Claim Date, then, subject to the Defect Threshold and Aggregate Defect Deductible, Sellers may, on or before the end of the Remedy Period, elect any of the following remedies:







	(i)



	Notify Purchaser that they intend to Remediate such Adverse Environmental Condition and undertake such Remediation, which Remediation work may extend to the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period under a mutually agreeable form of access agreement containing reciprocal forms of the applicable terms binding upon Purchaser in


	Section 8.1


	, in which case Sellers shall retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) at the Closing, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by the Allocated Value (if any) of such Environmental Defect Property and any other directly associated Assets so retained;







	(ii)



	Notify Purchaser that they do not intend to Remediate such Adverse Environmental Condition, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Remediation Amount, as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Environmental Expert, attributable to such Environmental Defect; or







	(iii)



	To the extent the alleged Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) or the portion thereof subject to the Adverse Environmental Condition (at which point such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) or portion so retained will become an Excluded Asset), and reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price by an amount equal to the Allocated Value, if any, of such Environmental Defect Property, or portion thereof, and any other directly associated Assets so retained;





	provided

	,

	however

	, that if Sellers fail to elect a remedy prior to the end of the Remedy Period, Sellers shall be deemed to have elected the remedy described in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	;

	provided further

	that in the case of Seller’s election of the remedy described in


	Section 5.1(b)(ii)


	, the applicable Environmental Defect Properties shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Remediation Amount of such Adverse Environmental Condition.  In the event that Sellers have elected the remedy in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	and (i) such Adverse Environmental Condition is



	-22-





	Remediated at or prior


	to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, within five Business days after such completion, Sellers shall convey the affected Environmental Defect Property (and its directly associated Assets) to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (u


	sing the form of Conveyance) and Purchaser will pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis


	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	or (ii) such Adverse Environmental Condition is not fully Remediated prior to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, then within five Business days after such expiration, Sellers shall elect to either (A) convey the En


	vironmental Defect Property to Purchaser (in accordance with the provisions of


	clause (i)


	of this sentence, except that Purchaser shall pay Sellers an amount for such Assets equal to their Allocated Value


	less


	the remaining Remediation Amount or, if the re


	maining Remediation Amount is greater than the adjusted Allocated Value of such Assets, Sellers shall pay Purchaser the amount of such excess) or (B) to the extent the remaining Remediation Amount asserted by Purchaser is greater than $500,000.00, retain s


	uch Environmental Defect Property and its directly associated Assets permanently.  An election by Sellers to attempt to Remediate an Adverse Environmental Condition shall be without prejudice to their rights under


	Section 


	5.2


	and shall not constitute an admission against interest or a waiver of Sellers’ right to dispute the existence, nature or value of, or cost to Remediate, the alleged Adverse


	Environmental Condition or the adequacy of any Environmental Condition Notice or any curative action.













	(c)



	If Sellers select the remedy in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	or 


	Section 5.1(b)(ii)


	and Purchaser waives such Adverse Environmental Condition or Sellers fail to Remediate and the Unadjusted Purchase Price is adjusted for such Adverse Environmental Condition, then in each case Purchaser shall be deemed to have assumed responsibility for Remediation of such Adverse Environmental Condition and such Adverse Environmental Condition and all liabilities with respect thereto shall be deemed to constitute Assumed Purchaser Obligations.  With respect to any provision of this


	Article 5


	that refers to any Remediation completed by Sellers, Sellers will be deemed to have adequately completed the Remediation upon mutual agreement of the Parties that the Remediation has been implemented to the extent necessary to comply with Environmental Laws applicable;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that




	if the Parties cannot reach an agreement, the issue of whether the Remediation is completed may be resolved by the dispute resolution procedures set forth in


	Section 5.2


	.  Without limitation of Purchaser’s rights and remedies pursuant to


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)


	for breaches of the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, following the completion of any Remediation in accordance with this


	Section 5.1(c)


	, Purchaser shall have no further remedies against Sellers with respect to the Remediation of the applicable Adverse Environmental Condition or the corresponding Remediation Amount.









	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, including this


	Article 5


	, in the event the Remediation Amount for an alleged Environmental Conditions exceeds $500,000.00, then Purchaser shall have the right to elect ((X) prior to Closing, if (i) the Parties have agreed on the Remediation Amount prior to Closing or (ii) Purchaser believes in good faith the Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, or (Y) promptly following the Environmental Expert’s decision, if there is a related Disputed Environmental Matter) to exclude such Environmental Defect Property and its directly associated Assets from the transactions contemplated hereby; in which case Sellers shall retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) at the Closing, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will



	-23-





	be reduced by the Allocated Value (if any, and as adjusted hereunder) of such Environmental Defect Prope


	rty and any other directly associated Assets so retained.  For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser’s remedies under this


	Section 5.1(d)


	shall be subj


	ect to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible.


































































	Section 5.2




	Adverse Environmental Condition Disputes



	.










	(a)



	Sellers and Purchaser shall attempt to agree on all asserted Adverse Environmental Conditions and Remediation Amounts prior to the Closing Date.  If, by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date Remediation work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, Sellers and Purchaser are unable to agree on an alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, on the completion of Remediation or on an alleged Remediation Amount (including, in each case, the adequacy of notices thereof or any Remediation actions with respect thereto) (the “


	Disputed Environmental Matters


	”) such disputes, and only such disputes, shall be exclusively and finally resolved in accordance with the following provisions of this


	Section 5.2


	.  Any Asset subject to a Disputed Environmental Matter at the Closing shall be retained by Sellers at Closing and a cash amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Asset shall be placed in escrow with the Escrow Agent.  Any initiation of an expert determination of any Disputed Environmental Matter shall only be in accordance with the following provisions.























	(b)



	No later than twenty Business Days following the (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date Remediation work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, either Party may submit any Disputed Environmental Matter to expert determination pursuant to this


	Section 5.2


	by written notice to the other Party, together with all reasonably supporting documentation of such Disputed Environmental Matter.  If a Party does not submit a notice of expert determination to the other Party in accordance with this


	Section 5.2(b)


	, such Party shall be deemed to have waived all such Disputed Environmental Matters, which shall be deemed conclusively resolved in accordance with the other Party’s written position in the Environmental Condition Notice or subsequent correspondence between the Parties.









	(c)



	By not later than twenty Business Days after a Party’s receipt of a written description of any Disputed Environmental Matters, such Party shall provide to the initiating Party a written response setting forth its position with respect to such Disputed Environmental Matters, together with all reasonably supporting documentation.











	(d)



	There shall be a single environmental expert (the “


	Environmental Expert


	”), who shall be an environmental consultant with at least ten years’ experience examining environmental matters involving oil and gas producing properties in the region in Texas in which the Assets are located.  Within two Business Days following the initiating Party’s receipt of the other Party’s response as described in


	Section 5.2(c)


	, Sellers and Purchaser shall each exchange lists of three acceptable, qualified environmental experts, and shall certify that each potential environmental expert set forth on its list has not, and such environmental expert’s firm has not, represented the certifying Party or any of its Affiliates within the previous two years.  Within two Business Days following the exchange of lists of environmental experts, Sellers and Purchaser shall select by mutual agreement the Environmental Expert from their original lists of three acceptable



	-24-





	environmental experts.  If no such agreement is reached, the Houston office of the American Arb


	itration Association shall select an environmental expert from the original lists provided by Sellers and Purchaser to serve as the Environmental Expert.









	(e)



	Within two Business Days following the selection and engagement of the Environmental Expert, the Parties shall submit to the Environmental Expert one copy of (i) this Agreement, with specific reference to this


	Section 5.2


	, the other applicable provisions of this


	Article 5


	and any defined terms in


	Appendix A


	relevant to this


	Article 5


	, (ii) the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed Environmental Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 5.2(b)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the other Party and (iii) the other Party’s written response to the initiating party’s written description of the Disputed Environmental Matters, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the initiating Party.  The Environmental Expert shall resolve the Disputed Environmental Matters based only on the foregoing submissions.  Neither Purchaser nor Sellers shall have the right to submit additional documentation the Environmental Expert or to demand discovery on the other Party.







	(f)



	The Environmental Expert, once appointed and engaged, shall have no


	ex parte


	communications with any Party concerning the determination required hereunder.  All communications between any Party and the Environmental Expert shall be conducted in writing, with copies sent simultaneously to the other Parties in the same manner, or at a meeting in Houston, Texas, to which the representatives of all Parties have been invited and of which such Parties have been provided at least five days’ written notice.













	(g)



	The Parties will instruct the Environmental Expert to make his determination by written decision within 15 Business Days following submission of the Disputed Environmental Matters to the Environmental Expert, which shall be final and binding upon the Parties, without right of appeal and shall be enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.  In making the determination, the Environmental Expert shall be bound by the rules set forth in this


	Article 5


	. The Environmental Expert may consult with and engage disinterested Third Parties to advise the Environmental Expert but shall disclose to the Parties the identities of such consultants.  Any such consultant shall not have worked as an employee of or consultant for either Party or its Affiliates during the two-year period preceding the expert determination and shall not have any financial interest in the dispute.  The written finding of the Environmental Expert will set forth the Environmental Expert’s finding, if applicable, as to (A) whether the subject Adverse Environmental Condition exists or has been Remediated and, subject to the following sentence, the resulting Remediation Amount, (B) the deficiencies in any notice of the foregoing and the specific supplemental information that, if provided, would cause such notice to be in compliance with the terms of


	Section 5.1(a)


	and/or (C) the adequacy of any Remediation action, including any such additional Remediation actions necessary to Remediate properly any asserted Adverse Environmental Condition, as applicable, in each case, including the Environmental Expert’s rationale for the determination.  With respect to a Remediation Amount, the Environmental Expert shall be limited to awarding only the final amount proposed by either Party in its submissions provided pursuant to


	Section 5.2(e)


	.  The Environmental Expert shall make a separate and independent determination with respect to each Disputed Environmental Matter submitted and shall provide a detailed written finding supporting such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, the submission of a Disputed Environmental Matter for interim



	-25-





	determination (


	e.g.


	, a determination about the adequacy of an Environmental Condition Notice) shall not prohibit any Party from subsequently disputing the existence of an asserted Adverse Enviro


	nmental Condition, the Remediation Amount or the adequacy of any Remediation actions taken with respect to an asserted Adverse Environmental Condition unless the Environmental Expert has already made a determination with respect to such matters.







	(h)



	The Environmental Expert shall act as an expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed Adverse Environmental Conditions and shall not be empowered to award Damages, interest or penalties to either Party with respect to any matter.







	(i)



	Each Party shall each bear its own legal fees and other costs of preparing and presenting its case.  The costs of the Environmental Expert shall be borne (i) by Sellers in a ratio equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate Remediation Amounts awarded by the Environmental Expert in Purchaser’s favor, and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the associated Remediation Amounts submitted for determination to the Environmental Expert, and (ii) the remainder by Purchaser.





	(j)



	After the Environmental Expert’s determination is delivered as set forth in


	Section 5.2(g)


	, Sellers shall promptly elect whether (i) if the Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, to


	retain the entirety of the Environmental Defect Property that is subject to such


	Disputed Environmental Matter


	, together with all associated Assets, and reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price by the Allocated Value of such Environmental Defect Property and associated Assets (in which case such Environmental Defect Property and such associated Assets shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets hereunder) or


	(ii) to reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price as set forth in the immediately following sentence, in which case,


	Sellers shall convey the affected Environmental Defect Property (and its directly associated Assets) to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance)


	.  Subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, any amounts determined to be owed by either Party shall be accounted for in the final determination of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, and Sellers and Purchaser shall deliver documentation to the Escrow Agent required to release the amounts determined by the Environmental Expert to be owed to either Party


	.  Any alleged Adverse Environmental Conditions determined not to be Adverse Environmental Conditions under the decision of the Environmental Expert shall be final and binding as not being Adverse Environmental Conditions.









	(k)



	Any dispute over the interpretation or application of this


	Section 5.2


	shall be decided by the Environmental Expert with reference to the Laws of the State of Texas.  The Parties intend that the procedures set forth in this


	Section 5.2


	shall not constitute or be handled as arbitration proceedings under the Federal Arbitration Act or any applicable state arbitration act, and that the provisions of this


	Section 5.2


	shall be specifically enforceable.


































































	Section 5.3




	Limitations on Applicability



	.








	(a)



	This


	Article 5


	shall comprise, subject to Purchaser’s rights under this Agreement with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in


	Section 6.21


	(and


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)


	for breaches thereof) and the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the



	-26-





	exclusive rights and remedies of Purchaser with respec


	t to Adverse Environmental Conditions or any other environmental matter with respect to any Asset.















	(b)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall there be any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies ava






	ilable in respect of Adverse Environmental Conditions under this


	Article 5




	unless the sum of (i) all such Remediation Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold


	and


	(ii) all such Title Defect Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible, after which point Purchaser shall be entitled to adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies elected by Sellers in accordance with this


	Article 5




	only to the extent that the sum of such Remediation Amounts and such Title Defect Amounts exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible.



	(c)



	In the event (i) Purchaser is entitled to a remedy pursuant to


	clause (b)


	above and such remedy is that a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser or (ii) a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	,




	Section 4.6(c)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, the Allocated Value of any such removed Property shall not be included in the Aggregate Defect Deductible


	.











































































































	ARTICLE 6










































































































	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS





	Subject to the disclaimers and waivers contained in, and the other terms and conditions of, this Agreement, each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows as of the Execution Date:















































































	Section 6.1




	Organization and Power



	.  Each Seller (a) is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, the State of Texas, to the extent such qualification is required by applicable Law and (b) has all requisite power and authority to own, lease, operate and use the assets and properties currently owned, leased, operated and owned by it, including the Assets.









































































	Section 6.2




	Authorization and Enforceability





	.  Each Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other instruments and agreements to be executed and delivered by it as contemplated hereby and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all documents required to be executed and delivered by Sellers at the Closing, and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability action on the part of Sellers.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Sellers (and all documents required hereunder to be executed and delivered by Sellers at the Closing will be duly executed and delivered by Sellers) and this Agreement constitutes, and at the Closing such documents will constitute, assuming the due execution and delivery of all other parties thereto, the valid and binding obligations of Sellers, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other


	Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).


	-27-



























































































	Section 6.3




	Liability for Brokers’ Fees



	.  Purchaser shall not directly or indirectly have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a result of undertakings or agreements of Sellers or any of their Affiliates entered into in connection with this Agreement, for brokerage fees, finder’s fees, agent’s commissions or other similar forms of compensation in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or transaction contemplated hereby.













































































































	Section 6.4






	No Conflicts


	.



	Except for (i) Customary Post-Closing Consents, (ii) Required Consents, (iii) Preferential Rights to Purchase, (iv) Soft Consents and any other consents required to be scheduled on

	Schedule 6.10

	, and (v) the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act, except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.4

	, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Sellers, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Sellers or require any consent or approval from any Person thereunder, (b) result in a material default (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) under, or require any material consent under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture or Material Contract to which any Seller is a party or by which any Seller or the Assets are bound, (c) violate any Law applicable to any Seller or any of the Assets in any material respect or (d) require any Seller to obtain any material consent or approval of any Governmental Body that has not been made or obtained.















































































	Section 6.5




	Litigation.



	Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.5

	, and excluding all threatened claims relating to the payment or nonpayment of royalties or other burdens on production with regard to the Assets with respect to which (x) no actual suits or proceedings before any Governmental Body have been initiated against any Seller and/or (y) no written demand letter has been received that remains unresolved, (X) there are no actions, suits or proceedings that are pending, and, to Sellers’ knowledge, there are no material actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by any Governmental Authority


	threatened in writing, before or by any Governmental Body or arbitrator (a) against the Seller Operated Assets, or to Seller’s knowledge, the Assets operated by Third Parties, (b) against any Seller with respect to the Assets or (c) against, or that have been brought by, any Seller that would be reasonably likely to materially impair such Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement and (Y) there exist no material unsatisfied judgments of any Governmental Body or arbitrator against any Seller that could reasonably be expected to result in the impairment or loss of such Seller’s interest in any part of the Assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers make no representation or warranty, express or implied, under this

	Section 6.5

	relating to any Environmental Liabilities or Environmental Law.



































































































	Section 6.6




	Taxes and A








	ssessments



	.








	(a)



	With respect to all Taxes related to the Assets and any Taxes of the Tax Partnership, (i) all Tax Returns required to be filed by any Seller or by the Tax Partnership with respect to such Taxes have been timely filed with the appropriate Governmental Body in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed, (ii) such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects and (iii) all Taxes reported on such Tax Returns have been paid.

















	(b)



	With respect to all Taxes related to the Assets and any Taxes of the Tax Partnership, except as set forth on


	Schedule 6.6(b)


	, (i) except with respect to Income Taxes, there



	-28-





	is not currently in


	effect any extension or waiver of any statute of limitations of any jurisdiction regarding the assessment or collection of any such Tax, (ii) there are no administrative proceedings or lawsuits pending against the Assets by any taxing authority, (iii) the




	re are no administrative proceedings or lawsuits pending against any Seller (except for Income Taxes) relating to the Assets or against the Tax Partnership by any taxing authority, (iv) there are no Tax liens on any of the Assets other th


	an Permitted Encum


	brances, (v) no Seller nor the Tax Partnership has received written notice of any pending claim against it (which remains outstanding) from any applicable Governmental Body for assessment of material Taxes with respect to the Assets


	, and no such claim has


	been threatened in writing (vi) none of the Assets are deemed by agreement or applicable Law to be held by a partnership for federal income tax purposes for which an election under Treasury Regulation § 1.761-2 to be excluded from the provisions of subchap


	ter K of chapter 1 of the Code is not in effect and such election is valid, (vii) no Seller nor any Affiliate thereof is presently contesting a Tax liability with respect to the ownership of the Assets before any Governmental Body


	,


	(viii) as of the Closing


	Date, neither any Seller nor the Tax Partnership will be a party to or will be bound by any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or indemnification agreement; and (ix) no claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Tax Partnership does not


	file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction.



	(c)



	The Tax Partnership is classified as a partnership and the owner of the Assets for U.S. federal income Tax purposes.







	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations or warranties contained elsewhere in


	Article 6


	shall relate to Tax matters, which are instead the subject of this


	Section 6.6


	exclusively.




























































	Section 6.7




	Capital Commitments



	.  Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.7

	, as of the Execution Date there are no outstanding AFEs or other capital commitments to Third Parties (a) that are binding on the Assets, (b) that are in excess of $50,000.00 net to Sellers’ interest and (c) for which all activities have not been completed by the Execution Date.















































































	Section 6.8




	Compliance with Laws



	.  Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.8

	, during the four years prior to the Closing Date, the Seller Operated Assets have been operated in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws.  To Sellers’ knowledge, during the four years prior to the Closing Date, any Assets operated by Third Parties have been operated in all material respects in compliance with all applicable Laws.  Sellers have not received any written notice of a material violation of or material default by any Seller from any Governmental Body with respect to any Law applicable to the Assets that remains unresolved as of the Execution Date.  

























































































	Section 6.9




	Contracts



	.


	-29-































	(a)




	Schedule 


	6.9(a)


	sets forth a list of the following Contracts (such scheduled Cont


	racts, the “


	Material Contracts


	”):







	(i)



	Any Contract that can be reasonably expected to result in aggregate payments or receipts of revenue by Sellers of more than $50,000.00 during the current or any subsequent year;



	(ii)



	Any gathering, transportation, treatment, handling, storage, processing, marketing or similar Contract, Hydrocarbon sales Contract or any Contract that includes an acreage dedication, minimum volume commitment, throughput requirement, or demand, take or pay or similar charges, in each case, that is not terminable without penalty on sixty (60) or fewer days’ notice;







	(iii)



	Any mortgage, deed of trust, security interest or other Debt Contract of Sellers or their Affiliates encumbering any Asset that will not be terminated at or prior to the Closing;







	(iv)



	Excluding the Leases, any Contract that is a lease under which Sellers are the lessor or the lessee of real or personal property which lease (A) cannot be terminated by Sellers without penalty upon sixty (60) days or fewer notice or (B) involves an annual base rental of more than $50,000.00;



	(v)



	Any Contracts with Affiliates of any Seller (or between any two Sellers) that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing;







	(vi)



	Any Contract that constitutes an area of mutual interest agreement or any other agreement that purports to restrict, limit or prohibit the manner in which, or the locations in which, any Seller conducts business within or adjacent to the Properties that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing;



	(vii)



	Any Contract that constitutes a joint venture, joint operating, joint development, participation or joint exploration agreement, unit agreement, unit operating agreement, production sharing agreement, term assignment or farmin or farmout agreement; and



	(viii)



	Any Contract pursuant to which any Seller has an unperformed obligation to sell, exchange, transfer, or dispose of any of such Seller’s interests in the Properties (other than this Agreement).













	(b)



	Except as disclosed on


	Schedule 


	6.9(b)


	, each Material Contract is a legal, valid and binding obligation against the Sellers that are party thereto and, to the knowledge of Sellers, each party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is enforceable in accordance with its terms against such Seller and, to the knowledge of Sellers, each party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates) and is in full force and effect, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).  No Seller nor, to the knowledge of Sellers, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is in default under any Material Contract and no event, occurrence, condition or act has occurred that, with the



	-30-





	giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or conditi


	on, would become a default or event of default by any Seller or, to the knowledge of Sellers, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates)


	, that in each case would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,


	to be material to Se


	llers or the Assets, individually or taken as a whole


	.


	Sellers have provided Purchaser true and complete copies of each Material Contract and all amendments thereto that are currently in effect.







	(c)



	There are no Hedging Contracts or Debt Contracts that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing.


























































































	Section 6.10




	Consents and Preferential Purchase Rights



	.  Except for (i) Customary Post‑Closing Consents and (ii) the Required Consents, Soft Consents and Preferential Rights to Purchase set forth on

	Schedule 6.10

	(including the filings required under and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act), none of the Assets, or any portion thereof, is subject to any Preferential Rights to Purchase, Required Consents, Soft Consents or other Third Party restriction on assignment that will be applicable to, or triggered by, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.



























































	Section 6.11




	Leases



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.11

	, with respect to the Seller Operated Assets and, to the knowledge of Sellers, with respect to those Properties that are operated by Third Parties, there are no actions, suits or proceedings with respect to any Lease pending or, to Seller’s knowledge, threatened within the last twelve months before any Governmental Body in which the lessor thereunder is seeking to terminate, cancel, rescind or procure judicial reformation of any such Lease, in whole or in part.  Since the Effective Time, no Seller has granted, conveyed and/or reserved an overriding royalty interest in and to the Properties, for or on behalf of any Affiliate of any Seller.



















	Section 6.12




	Advance Payments



	.  Except for any Imbalances described on

	Schedule 6.14

	, no Seller is obligated by virtue of any take-or-pay payment, advance payment or any other arrangement (other than Burdens) to deliver Hydrocarbons, or proceeds from the sale thereof, attributable to the Assets at some future time without receiving full payment therefor at or promptly after the time of delivery.











































































	Section 6.13




	Surface Agreements



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.13

	, to Sellers’ knowledge (a) each of the Surface Agreements set forth on

	Exhibit A-6

	is legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect; (b) no Seller, nor, to Sellers’ knowledge, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is in material breach of or material default under any such Surface Agreement; and (c) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that, with the delivery of notice, the passage of time or both, would constitute such a material breach or default of such Surface Agreement by such Seller or, to Sellers’ knowledge, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates).  No Hydrocarbons produced from the Properties are being transported by Sellers (excluding any transportation by Third Parties on behalf of Sellers) over the Lands without appropriate rights permitted such transportation.





















	Section 6.14




	Imbalances



	.  All Imbalances associated with the Seller Operated Assets, and to Sellers’ knowledge, all Imbalances associated with the Assets operated by Third Parties, are set forth on

	Schedule 6.14

	, in each case, as of the date set forth on the schedule.


	-31-

























	Section 6.15




	Suspense Funds



	.  

	Schedule 6.15

	sets forth the aggregate amount, as of the date set forth on

	Schedule 6.15

	, of all Suspense Funds held by AEPO, excluding minimum suspense.

































































	Section 6.16




	Bankruptcy



	.  There are no bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being contemplated by, or to Sellers’ knowledge, threatened against, any Seller.



























































	Section 6.17




	Condemnation



	.  There is no actual or, to Sellers’ knowledge, threatened taking (whether permanent, temporary, whole or partial) of any part of the Assets by reason of condemnation or the threat of condemnation.























	Section 6.18




	Permits



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.18

	(a) Sellers have obtained all material Permits presently required for the ownership and operation of the Seller Operated Assets as currently owned and operated, (b) to Sellers’ knowledge, those Third Party operators who operate those Assets that are not Seller Operated Assets maintain all material Permits presently required for the ownership and operation of such Assets as currently owned and operated and (c) no Seller has received any written notice of violation of any such material Permit that remains unresolved and that might reasonably be expected to result in any modification, revocation, termination or suspension of any such material Permit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers make no representation or warranty, express or implied, under this

	Section 6.18

	relating to any Environmental Liabilities or Environmental Law.

























	Section 6.19




	Plugging and Abandonment

















	.


	  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.19

	, there are no oil, gas or disposal Wells operated by Sellers (a) in respect of which any Seller has received a written order from any Governmental Body requiring that such Wells be plugged and abandoned or (b) that are currently required by applicable Law or Contract to be plugged and abandoned.  To Sellers’ knowledge, there are no Wells that are operated by Third Parties (i) for which such Third Party operator has received a written order from any Governmental Body currently requiring that such Well be plugged and abandoned or (ii) that are currently required to be plugged and abandoned in accordance with applicable Law or Contract.

















	Section 6.20




	Labor, Employment and Benefits



	.  




	(a)



	AEPO has provided Purchaser with a list of the name, job title, date of hire, work location, exempt or non-exempt status, active or leave status, hourly rate or annual salary, as applicable, and target bonus, if any, of the Available Employees.  None of the Available Employees of the Seller is a party to any written employment contract, termination or severance agreement or similar contract, except that all Available Employees participate in the Anadarko Petroleum Corporation severance plan.  The employment of the Available Employees is terminable at will.







	(b)



	None of the Sellers or their Affiliates who employ Available Employees (collectively, the “


	Employers


	”) are, nor have they been, a party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement, contract or understanding with any labor union or labor organization relating to the Available Employees, nor are any of the Available Employees represented by a labor union.  No labor union, labor organization or group of Available



	-32-





	Employees has in the past ten years made any demand of any Employer, nor are there any


	pending petitions, for recognition or certification of a labor union or association as the exclusive bargaining agent with respect to the Available Employees.  There are no union organizing activities or proceedings currently underway that involve a labor


	union or other association as the exclusive bargaining agent for the Available Employees, or where the purpose is to organize the Available Employees.  With respect to the Available Employees, no labor strike, work stoppage, slowdown, concerted refusal to


	work overtime, walkout, lockout or similar labor disturbance is currently pending or, to Sellers’ knowledge, threatened against any Employer.  No Employer has engaged in any unfair labor practice with respect to the Available Employees, nor are there any


	unfair labor practice complaints or grievances currently pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees.



	(c)



	AEPO has made available to Purchaser a benefits booklet describing employee benefits commonly provided to the Available Employees.  Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code and from which any Available Employee could receive an “eligible rollover distribution” has received a favorable determination letter as to its qualification, or is the subject of an opinion letter, from the Internal Revenue Service, and to the knowledge of Sellers, nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such favorable determination.



	(d)



	The Employers have complied, and are currently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to labor or employment matters, including, but not limited to Laws governing or regarding hours of work, the payment of wages (including overtime) or other compensation, employee benefits, employment discrimination and harassment, occupational safety and health, and any and all other Laws governing or pertaining to the terms, conditions, and privileges of employment.  No proceedings, claims or charges alleging any failure to comply with such Laws pertaining to employment-related matters are currently pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened, against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees (and, to the knowledge of Sellers, there is no basis therefor), and no such proceeding, claim or charge has previously been filed or commenced against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees.



	(e)



	Except as set forth on


	Schedule 6.20


	, Sellers do not contribute to, and do not have any liability with respect to, any Employee Benefit Plan that is an “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is defined under Section 3(2) of ERISA) that is subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.  Sellers do not contribute to, and do not have any liability with respect to, any Employee Benefit Plan that is a “multiemployer plan” (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).  Purchaser’s acquisition of the Assets will not cause Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to incur any liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.






















	Section 6.21




	Environmental Matters





	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 5.1

	, to the knowledge of Sellers, (a) no Seller has received any written notice from a Governmental Body or other Person alleging or involving any material noncompliance with or potential material liability under any Environmental Law with respect to the Assets or operations conducted thereon that remains unresolved as of the Execution Date and (b) there are no claims, demands, suits, investigations or proceedings of a material nature pending before a Governmental Body under


	-33-





	Environmental Laws against any Seller with respect to the Assets or any Sellers’ ownership or operation thereof.


















	Section 6.22




	Payout Balances



	.  With respect to those Wells operated by AEPO,

	Schedule 6.22

	sets forth, and with respect to any Well operated by a Third Party, to Sellers’ knowledge,

	Schedule 6.22

	sets forth, the payout balances as of the date set forth on

	Schedule 6.22

	for each Well subject to reversion or other adjustment at payout (or some other event, other than a termination of a Lease in accordance with its terms).









































































	Section 6.23




	Certain Disclaimers



	.








	(a)



	EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS


	ARTICLE 6


	, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLERS DELIVERED PURSUANT TO


	Section


	10.2(c)


	, AND THE CONVEYANCES, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT (i) SELLERS MAKE NO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, AND (ii) SELLERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY STATEMENT OR INFORMATION MADE OR COMMUNICATED (ORALLY OR IN WRITING) TO PURCHASER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS OR REPRESENTATIVES (INCLUDING ANY OPINION, INFORMATION OR ADVICE THAT MAY HAVE BEEN PROVIDED TO PURCHASER BY ANY PERSON OF THE SELLER GROUP).









	(b)



	EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS


	ARTICLE 6


	,


	THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLERS DELIVERED PURSUANT TO




	Section


	10.2(c)


	, AND THE CONVEYANCES, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF




	Section 6.23(


	a)


	, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, SELLERS MAKE NO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AS TO (i) TITLE TO ANY OF THE ASSETS, (ii) THE CONTENTS, CHARACTER OR NATURE OF ANY REPORT OF ANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERING CONSULTANT OR ANY GEOLOGICAL OR SEISMIC DATA, MAP OR INTERPRETATION RELATING TO THE ASSETS, (iii) THE QUANTITY, QUALITY OR RECOVERABILITY OF HYDROCARBONS IN OR FROM THE ASSETS, (iv) ANY ESTIMATES OF THE VALUE OF THE ASSETS OR FUTURE REVENUES GENERATED BY THE ASSETS, (v) THE PRODUCTION OF HYDROCARBON SUBSTANCES FROM THE ASSETS OR WHETHER PRODUCTION HAS BEEN CONTINUOUS OR IN PAYING QUANTITIES, (vi) THE MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, CONDITION, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, DESIGN OR MARKETABILITY OF THE ASSETS, (vii) THE CONTENT, CHARACTER, COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR NATURE OF ANY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM, REPORTS, BROCHURES, MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION, DATA ROOM, CHARTS OR STATEMENTS (INCLUDING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS) PREPARED BY SELLERS, THEIR AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS, (viii) ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR INFORMATION THAT MAY HAVE BEEN MADE AVAILABLE OR COMMUNICATED TO THE PURCHASER GROUP OR



	-34-





	PURCHASER’S REPRESENTATIVES IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPL


	ATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DISCUSSION OR PRESENTATION RELATING THERETO (INCLUDING ANY ITEMS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH


	SECTION 8.1


	) OR


	(ix) ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY OF FREEDOM FROM PATENT OR TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT, AND SELLERS FURTHER DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR CONFORMITY TO MODELS OR SAMPLES


	, IT BEING EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED BY THE PARTIES THAT PURCHASER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE OBTAINING THE EQUIPMENT AND OTHER TANGIBLE PROPERTY TRANSFERRED HEREUNDER IN ITS PRESENT STATUS, CONDITION AND STATE OF REPAIR, “AS IS” AND


	“


	WHERE IS


	”


	WITH ALL F


	AULTS, AND THAT PURCHASER HAS MADE OR CAUSED TO BE MADE SUCH INSPECTIONS AS PURCHASER DEEMS APPROPRIATE.







	(c)



	NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN


	SECTION 6.21


	, SELLERS HAVE NOT AND WILL NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY MATTER OR CIRCUMSTANCE RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS (INCLUDING PERMITS REQUIRED UNDER ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS), ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES, THE RELEASE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, HYDROCARBONS OR NORM INTO THE ENVIRONMENT OR THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN HEALTH, SAFETY, NATURAL RESOURCES OR THE ENVIRONMENT, OR ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION OF THE ASSETS, AND, EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN


	SECTION 6.21


	, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS SUCH A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, AND, SUBJECT TO PURCHASER’S RIGHTS UNDER


	ARTICLE 5


	AND SELLERS’ INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO


	SECTION 12.2(B)(IV)


	WITH RESPECT TO


	SECTION 6.21


	, PURCHASER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE TAKING THE ASSETS “AS IS” AND


	“


	WHERE IS


	”


	FOR PURPOSES OF THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION.





















































































	ARTICLE 7




















































































	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER



	Subject to the disclaimers and waivers contained in, and the other terms and conditions of, this Agreement, Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Sellers as follows as of the Execution Date:





























































	Section 7.1




	Organization



	.  Purchaser is a limited liability company, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Texas and is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, the State of Texas.















































































	Section 7.2




	Authorization and Enforceability





	.  Purchaser has the requisite power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other instruments and agreements to be executed and delivered by it as contemplated hereby and to consummate the


	-35-





	transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all document


	s required to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing, and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Purchaser.  This Agreement has been d


	uly executed and delivered by Purchaser (and all documents required hereunder to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing will be duly executed and delivered by Purchaser) and this Agreement constitutes, and at the Closing such documents will


	constitute, the valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limitin


	g creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).












































































	Section 7.3




	Liability for Brokers’ Fees



	.  No Seller shall, directly or indirectly, have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a result of undertakings or agreements of Purchaser, for brokerage fees, finder’s fees, agent’s commissions or other similar forms of compensation in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or transaction contemplated hereby.

















































































	Section 7.4




	No Conflicts



	.  Except for the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Purchaser, (b) result in a material default (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) under or require any material consent under any note, bond, mortgage, indenture or agreement to which Purchaser is a party, (c) violate any Law in any material respect applicable to Purchaser or (d) require Purchaser to obtain any material consent or approval of any Governmental Body that has not been made or obtained.

















































































	Section 7.5




	Litigation



	.  There are no actions, suits or proceedings or (to Purchaser’s knowledge, investigations by any Governmental Body), that are pending or, to Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened in writing, before any Governmental Body or arbitrator that would be reasonably likely to impair materially Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.  As used in this

	Article 7

	, “Purchaser’s knowledge” is limited to information actually known by the individuals listed in

	Schedule 7.5

	.

































































	Section 7.6




	Financing



	.  At Closing, Purchaser will have sufficient funds (in dollars) to pay the cash portion of the Closing Payment to AEPO.



































































	Section 7.7




	Securities Law Compliance



	.  Purchaser is acquiring the Assets for investment and not with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, nor with any present intention of distributing or selling such Assets within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable state securities Laws.



































































	Section 7.8




	Independent Evaluation



	.






	(a)



	Purchaser is knowledgeable of the oil and gas business (including the exploration and production and gathering segments thereof) and of the usual and customary practices of Persons involved in such business, including those in the areas where the Assets are located.



	-36-











	(b)




	Purchaser is capable of making such investigation, inspection, review and evaluation of the Assets as a p


	rudent purchaser would deem appropriate under the circumstances including with respect to all matters relating to the Assets, their value, operation and suitability for investment.







	(c)



	Purchaser has conducted (or will conduct prior to the Closing) its own investigation, inspection, review and evaluation of the Assets.







	(d)



	In making the decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser acknowledges that it (i) has not relied and will not rely upon any statements, representations (whether oral or written), or any information provided by Sellers, their Affiliates and their respective Representatives (except for those representations set forth in


	Article 6


	of this Agreement and the certificate delivered by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	) and (ii) has relied and will rely solely on the basis of its own independent due diligence investigation of the Assets, the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the representations, warranties and covenants of Sellers set forth in


	Article 6


	,


	the certificates delivered by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	and the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances, subject in all cases to the disclaimers set forth in this Agreement.












































































	Section 7.9




	Consents, Approvals or Waivers



	.  Except for Customary Post-Closing Consents and as set forth on

	Schedule 7.9

	(including the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act), Purchaser’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement (and any document required to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing) is not and will not be subject to any consent, approval, or waiver from any Governmental Body or other Third Party.

































































	Section 7.10




	Bankruptcy



	.  There are no bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being contemplated by, or, to Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened against Purchaser.

































































	Section 7.11




	Qualification





	.  Purchaser is, or as of the Closing Date will be, qualified under applicable Law to own the


	Assets and has, or as of the transfer of operatorship of the Properties will have, complied with all necessary bonding requirements of Governmental Bodies required for Purchaser’s ownership or operation of the Assets.













	Section 7.12




	Tax



	.  For federal Income Tax purposes, (i) the separate existence of Purchaser is disregarded under Treasury Regulation § 301.7701-3(b)(ii), and (ii) Purchaser Parent is treated as the owner of Purchaser under Treasury Regulation § 301.7701-2(a).















	Section 7.13




	Limitation





	.  Without limitation of Sellers’ representations under

	Section

	6.21 of this Agreement or Purchaser’s remedies pursuant to

	Article 12

	, Purchaser acknowledges the following:  

	THE ASSETS HAVE BEEN USED FOR EXPLORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION OF HYDROCARBONS AND THERE MAY BE PETROLEUM, PRODUCED WATER, WASTE, OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES OR MATERIALS LOCATED IN, ON OR UNDER THE PROPERTIES OR ASSOCIATED WITH THE ASSETS.  EQUIPMENT AND SITES INCLUDED IN THE ASSETS MAY CONTAIN ASBESTOS, NORM OR OTHER HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.  NORM



	-37-





	MAY AFFIX OR ATTACH ITSELF TO THE INSIDE OF WELLS, MATERIALS AND EQ


	UIPMENT AS SCALE OR IN OTHER FORMS.  THE WELLS, MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT LOCATED ON THE PROPERTIES OR INCLUDED IN THE ASSETS MAY CONTAIN ASBESTOS, NORM AND OTHER WASTES OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.  NORM CONTAINING MATERIAL AND/OR OTHER WASTES OR HAZARDOUS SUBS


	TANCES MAY HAVE COME IN CONTACT WITH VARIOUS ENVIRONMENTAL MEDIA, INCLUDING WATER, SOILS OR SEDIMENT.  SPECIAL PROCEDURES MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE ASSESSMENT, REMEDIATION, REMOVAL, TRANSPORTATION OR DISPOSAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL MEDIA, WASTES, ASBESTOS, NORM AN


	D OTHER HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES FROM THE ASSETS.













































































	ARTICLE 8












































































	COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES
































































































	Section 8.1




	Access



	.
















	(a)



	Between the Execution Date and the Defect Claim Date, Sellers will give Purchaser and its Representatives access to the Assets (and to designated employees of Sellers responsible for the Assets, at such times as Purchaser may reasonably request) and access to and the right to copy, at Purchaser’s sole cost, risk and expense, the Records (or originals thereof) in Sellers’ possession or control, for the purpose of conducting a reasonable due diligence review of the Assets, but only to the extent that Sellers have the authority to grant such access without breaching applicable Law or any Contract or other restriction binding on any Seller, including with respect to any Properties not operated by Sellers (


	provided


	, that Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any such consents or waivers to allow Purchaser access to the Assets).  Purchaser shall be entitled to conduct, at Purchaser’s expense, a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment of the Properties and may conduct visual inspections and record reviews relating to the Assets, including their condition and compliance with Environmental Laws, all of which shall be completed prior to the Defect Claim Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that if Purchaser does conduct a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment on any of the Properties, it will provide Sellers with a copy of any final non-privileged reports or findings generated in connection therewith.  Neither Purchaser nor its Representatives may operate any equipment or conduct any testing or sampling of soil, groundwater or other materials (including any testing or sampling for Hazardous Substances, Hydrocarbons or NORM) on or with respect to the Assets (the “


	Invasive Activity




	”) prior to the Closing without the prior written consent of Sellers (which consent may be withheld in Sellers’ sole discretion), and all such activities shall be deemed outside of the scope of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment.  If, following Purchaser’s Phase I Environmental Site Assessment, Purchaser reasonably concludes based on the results thereof that it is necessary to conduct Invasive Activity on a Property prior to the Closing in order for Purchaser to ascertain the existence or extent of an Adverse Environmental Condition or any Remediation Amount for an Adverse Environmental Condition, and Purchaser requests (in writing) authorization from Sellers to perform such Invasive Activity on or prior to June 5, 2017 (which notice includes the corresponding portions of the Phase I Environmental Site Assessment on which Purchaser has based its reasonable conclusions), and Sellers reject or fail to consent to Purchaser’s request within two days’ of their receipt thereof, Purchaser shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to exclude such Property and its directly associated Assets from



	-38-





	the Properties conveyed by Sellers to Purchaser at Closing, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Allocated Value of such excluded Ass


	ets and such Assets shall be deemed Excluded Assets.  If Sellers consent to the requested Invasive Activity, all Invasive Activities performed by Purchaser or Purchaser’s Representatives shall be subject to the Phase II Guidelines


	.



	(b)



	Purchaser shall abide by Sellers’, and any Third Party operator’s reasonable safety rules, regulations, and operating policies while conducting its due diligence evaluation of the Assets.  Any conclusions made from any examination done by Purchaser shall result from Purchaser’s own independent review and judgment.









	(c)



	The access granted to Purchaser under this


	Section 8.1


	shall be limited to Sellers’ or the applicable Third Party operator’s normal business hours, and Purchaser’s investigation shall be conducted in a manner that minimizes unreasonable interference with the operation of the Assets and shall be at Purchaser’s sole cost, risk and expense.  Purchaser shall coordinate its access rights to the Assets with Sellers to reasonably minimize any inconvenience to or interruption of the conduct of business by Sellers or applicable Third Party operators.  For any Property not operated by any Seller, Sellers will reasonably cooperate with Purchaser in contacting the Third Party operators of any such non-operated Property directly to arrange for access for purposes of Purchaser’s Phase I Environmental Site Assessment;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Sellers cannot and do not covenant or warrant that Purchaser will be granted access to any Properties operated by Third Parties for purposes of conducting diligence of any kind under this Agreement.  Purchaser shall provide Sellers with at least two Business Days’ written notice before the Assets are proposed to be accessed pursuant to this


	Section 8.1


	, which notice will include a general description of the activities Purchaser intends to undertake.  Purchaser shall repair any damage to the Properties caused by its investigation and shall cause each Property to be restored to substantially the same conditions that existed prior to the investigation.  



















	(d)



	Purchaser acknowledges that, pursuant to its right of access to the Assets, Purchaser will become privy to confidential and other information of Sellers or an applicable Third Party operator and that such confidential information (which includes Purchaser’s conclusions with respect to its evaluations) shall be held confidential by Purchaser in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and any applicable privacy Laws regarding personal information.  For the avoidance of doubt, the existence and contents of any Phase I Environmental Site Assessment conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser on the Assets shall be deemed to be “confidential information” for the purposes of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.















	(e)



	In connection with the rights of access, examination and inspection granted to Purchaser under this


	Section 8.1


	,


	(i)


	 


	PURCHASER WAIVES AND RELEASES ALL CLAIMS AGAINST THE SELLER GROUP AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES AND ANY THIRD PARTY OPERATORS ARISING IN ANY WAY THEREFROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED THEREWITH AND (ii) PURCHASER HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH OF THE SELLER GROUP, SELLERS’ REPRESENTATIVES AND THIRD PARTY OPERATORS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL DAMAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO PERSONAL INJURY,



	-39-





	DEATH OR PHYSICAL PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR VIOLATION OF THE SELLER GROUP’S OR ANY THIRD PARTY OPERATOR’S RULES, REGULATIONS, OR OPERATING POLICIES, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY FIELD VISIT OR OTHER DU


	E DILIGENCE ACTIVITY CONDUCTED BY PURCHASER OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS, REGARDLESS OF FAULT, EXCEPT, IN EACH CASE, TO THE EXTENT ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY MEMBER OF SELLER GROUP


	AND P


	ROVIDED FURTHER THAT PURCHASER’S WAIVER AND RELEASE SET FORTH IN THIS


	SECTION


	8.1(e)


	SHALL NOT LIMIT PURCHASER’S REMEDIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO CONDITIONS AFFECTING THE ASSETS


	.


	  


	Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall have no indemnity obligations under


	this




	Section 8.1(e)


	for any pre-existing condition or Damage that existed prior to the Purchaser and its Representatives accessing the Assets but i


	s merely discovered or revealed by Purchaser or its Representatives during its access to the Assets and for which the condition is not exacerbated or the Damages are not increased as a result of Purchaser’s or its Representative’s access (in which case the


	indemnity obligation under this


	Section 8.1(e)


	shall apply only to the extent of any such exacerbation or increase in Damages).
















































































	Section 8.2




	Government Reviews



	.  In a timely manner, Sellers and Purchaser shall (a) make all required filings, prepare all required applications and conduct negotiations with each Governmental Body as to which such filings, applications or negotiations are necessary or appropriate in the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including with respect to the transfer or re-issuance of all required Permits and (b) provide such information and assistance as each may reasonably request to make such filings, prepare such applications and conduct such negotiations.  Each Party shall reasonably cooperate with and use all commercially reasonable efforts to assist the other with respect to such filings, applications, and negotiations.   Without limiting the foregoing, within five Business Days following the execution by Purchaser and Sellers of this Agreement, Purchaser and Sellers will prepare and simultaneously file with the DOJ and the FTC the notification and report form required by the HSR Act for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and request early termination of the waiting period thereunder.  Purchaser and Sellers agree to respond promptly to any inquiries from the DOJ or the FTC concerning such filings and to comply in all material respects with the filing requirements of the HSR Act.  Purchaser and Sellers shall cooperate with each other and shall promptly furnish all information to the other Party that is necessary in connection with Purchaser’s and Sellers’ compliance with the HSR Act.  Purchaser and Sellers shall keep each other fully advised with respect to, and furnish copies of, any requests from or communications with the DOJ or the FTC concerning such filings and shall consult with each other with respect to all responses thereto.  Sellers and Purchaser shall use their respective reasonable efforts to take all actions reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection with any HSR Act filing to consummate the transactions consummated hereby.  All filing fees incurred in connection with the HSR Act filings made pursuant to this

	Section 8.2

	shall be borne one-half by Purchaser and one-half by Sellers.


	-40-





















































































	Section 8.3




	Public Announcements; Confidentiality



	.












	(a)



	Neither Party shall make or issue any press release or other announcements to the general public concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  If either Party desires to make an announcement to the general public, it shall first give the other Party forty-eight hours written notification of its desire to make such a public announcement.  The written notification shall include (i) a request for consent to make


	the announcement, and (ii) a written draft of the text of such public announcement.  Nothing in this


	Section 8.3(a)


	shall prohibit any Party from issuing or making a public announcement or statement if such Party deems it necessary to do so in order to comply with any applicable Law or the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Party’s or a Party’s Affiliate’s capital stock is traded;


	provided, however


	, that to the extent possible, prior written notification shall be given to the other Parties prior to any such announcement or statement.











	(b)



	The Parties shall keep all information and data relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby strictly confidential in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein, i


	f the Closing should occur, the confidentiality obligations with respect to Purchaser and its representatives in the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue with respect to the Excluded Assets and the information referenced in


	Section 8.1(d)


	but not otherwise and shall be deemed terminated for all purposes with respect to the Assets.





	(c)



	From and after the Closing Date until the date that is one year after the Closing Date, Sellers shall (and shall direct their respective Affiliates and each of their Representatives to) keep confidential and not disclose any of the Records of which Sellers retained copies (the “


	Restricted Information


	”), except as and to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement or the instruments delivered or entered into at Closing.  The obligation shall not apply to any information that is (i) in the public domain as of the Closing Date, (ii) published or otherwise becomes part of the public domain through no fault of Sellers, their Affiliates or their Representatives in violation of this


	Section 8.3(c)


	after the Closing Date or (iii) becomes available to Sellers or any of their Affiliates from a source that, to such Seller’s or such Affiliate’s knowledge, did not acquire such information (directly or indirectly) on a confidential basis.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Seller may make disclosures


	(i) to


	its Affiliates and each of its and their owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, financial and other advisors, contractors, attorneys and accountants (in each case, to the extent bound by confidentiality obligations and to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary) and (ii) as required by Law, Governmental Body and/or in connection with disputes hereunder or as otherwise required under any Seller’s debt instruments;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that


	with respect to clause (ii) above,


	Sellers, to the extent practicable, shall provide Purchaser with prompt notice thereof so that Purchaser, at its sole cost and expense, may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this


	Section 8.3(c)


	.  In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or Purchaser waives compliance with the provisions of this


	Section 8.3(c)


	, Sellers shall or shall cause the Person required to disclose such Restricted Information to furnish only that portion of the information that such Person is legally required.



	-41-













































































































	Section 8.4




	Operation of Business



	.  




	(a)



	Except as to (a) the matters set forth on


	Schedule 8.4


	, (b) requirements from a Governmental Body, (c) situations wherein emergency action is taken in the face of a risk to life, property, or the environment, or (d) any other matters consented to by Purchaser in writing (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), from the Execution Date until the Closing Date, Sellers:







	(i)



	will conduct their business related to the Seller Operated Assets and cause the Assets to be operated and maintained in the ordinary course consistent with Sellers’ recent practices, as a reasonably prudent operator and in accordance with applicable Laws, including the payment of Property Costs;







	(ii)



	maintain, or cause to be maintained, the books of account and Records relating to the Assets in the usual, regular and ordinary manner and in accordance with the usual accounting practices of Sellers;



	(iii)



	will not make any capital expenditures with respect to the Assets in excess of $50,000.00, net to Sellers’ interest, as set forth in any AFE;







	(iv)



	will not terminate (voluntarily), amend or extend any Material Contract, Surface Agreement or Lease or enter into any Contract that would constitute a Material Contract if in existence on the Execution Date;







	(v)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain all material Permits and will maintain bonds and guaranties affecting the Assets and make all filings that Sellers are required to make under applicable Law with respect to the Assets;







	(vi)



	will not incur any costs to secure any Lease renewals or extensions;



	(vii)



	will not acquire any assets or properties that would constitute “Assets” if in existence on the Execution Date, or transfer, sell, swap, hypothecate, encumber, mortgage, farmout or otherwise dispose of any Properties or material equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures or other tangible personal property and improvements, except for (A) sales and dispositions of Hydrocarbons made in the ordinary course of business and (B) the disposition of obsolete, worn out or damaged equipment consistent with past practices if such equipment is replaced with similar equipment of a like or better quality;



	(viii)



	will maintain insurance coverage on the Assets presently furnished by Third Parties in the amounts and coverages and of the types presently in force;



	(ix)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all Leases that are presently held by production unless Sellers are prevented from doing so because Purchaser fails to consent to an action under this


	Section 8.4


	;



	(x)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep Purchaser reasonably informed, upon Sellers obtaining knowledge thereof, of any Lease termination or of any operation or activities with respect to the Assets proposed by a Third Party;



	-42-







	(xi)




	will not waive, compromise or settle any material right or claim or proceeding with respect to any of the Properties other than with regards to items that are Retained Seller Obligations or waivers, compro


	mises or settlements requiring payment of monetary damages not in excess of $50,000.00 individually with no grant of injunctive or other relief;



	(xii)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose any Third Party’s application for an exception to Texas Railroad Commission Rule 37 insofar as affecting any Property (the costs of which opposition shall be considered Property Costs for all purposes of this Agreement);



	(xiii)



	will not make any election (or fail to make an election, the result of which is) to go non-consent with respect to any of the Properties;







	(xiv)



	will not take, nor direct any of its Affiliates (or authorize and direct any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other Person retained by, acting for or on behalf of any Seller or any such Affiliate) to take any intentional, purposeful action to solicit or negotiate any offer from any Person concerning the acquisition of the Assets by any Person other than Purchaser or its Affiliates.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this


	sub-clause (xiv)


	shall prohibit any such action relating to acquisition, through merger, asset purchase or other form of business combination, involving Anadarko Petroleum Corporation or AEPO or all or substantially all of the assets of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation or AEPO; and



	(xv)



	will not enter into any agreement or commitment with respect to any of the foregoing.



	(b)



	Requests for approval of any action restricted by this


	Section 8.4


	shall be delivered to the following individual, who shall have full authority to grant or deny such requests for approval on behalf of Purchaser:



	William B. Coffey

	Email: Brad.Coffey@wildhorserd.com


	Purchaser’s approval of any action restricted by this

	Section 8.4

	shall be considered granted within ten days (unless a shorter time is reasonably required by the circumstances or is required by the terms of the Contract with respect to which such approval is being requested and, in each case, such shorter time is specified in Sellers’ notice) after Sellers’ notice to Purchaser requesting such consent unless Purchaser notifies Sellers to the contrary during that period.  In the event of an emergency, Sellers may take such action as a prudent operator would take and shall notify Purchaser of such action promptly thereafter.  Purchaser acknowledges that Sellers own undivided interests in certain of the Properties where no Seller is the operator, and Purchaser agrees that the acts or omissions of the other working interest owners (including the operators) who are not a Seller shall not constitute a breach of the provisions of this

	Section 8.4

	, nor shall any action required by a vote of working interest owners constitute such a breach so long as Sellers have not proposed an action that would be in violation of this

	Section 8.4

	and have voted their interest in a manner that complies with the provisions of this

	Section 8.4

	.


	-43-









	(c)




	In the event that, between the Execution Date and the Closing Date, (i) Purchaser and its Affiliates deliver to Sellers any AFE for a new well, any proposal for a new unit or any other similar capital proposal, (i) Sellers will elect to


	participate in any such proposal and (ii) Purchaser will carry Sellers for 100% of their interest in the operations subject to such proposal, such that Sellers shall not be obligated to expend any capital associated with such operations.  If this Agreemen


	t is terminated for any reason, Sellers shall be deemed to have relinquished their interests in the applicable asset subject to such operations to Purchaser until such time as Purchaser has recouped 100% of its out-of-pocket costs associated with conductin


	g the operations subject to such proposal, at which time Sellers’ interest shall immediately revert back to Sellers.




































































	Section 8.5




	Operatorship



	.  While Purchaser acknowledges that it desires to succeed Sellers as operator of those Assets or portions thereof that any Seller may presently operate, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Sellers cannot and do not covenant or warrant that Purchaser will become successor operator of the same since the Assets or portions thereof may be subject to operating or other agreements that control the appointment of a successor operator.  Within five Business Days after the Closing, Sellers will send notices to co-owners of those Properties that any Seller currently operates indicating that such Seller is resigning as operator and recommending that Purchaser, or, if Purchaser so elects, Purchaser’s designee, be elected as successor operator and Sellers shall use such other commercially reasonable efforts to support Purchaser’s efforts to become successor operator.  Sellers make no representations or warranties to Purchaser as to the transferability of operatorship of any Properties that Sellers currently operate.





































































	Section 8.6




	Change of Name



	.  Within 90 days after the Closing, Purchaser shall eliminate the name “Anadarko” or “Admiral” and any variants thereof from the Assets and shall have no right to use any logos, trademarks or trade names belonging to Sellers or any of their Affiliates.



























































































	Section 8.7




	Replacement of Bonds, Letters of Credit and Guaranties



	.  The Parties understand that none of the bonds, letters of credit or guaranties, if any, posted by any Seller with Governmental Bodies, co-owners or any other Person and relating to the Assets will be transferred to Purchaser.  Prior to the Closing or within 90 days thereafter, Purchaser will obtain, or cause to be obtained in the name of Purchaser or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, replacements for the bonds, letters of credit and guaranties identified on

	Schedule 8.7

	, to the extent such replacements are necessary to permit the cancellation of the bonds, letters of credit and guaranties posted by Sellers.  If Purchaser or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, fails to obtain any replacement bond, letter of credit, guaranty or other credit support obligation by the time required under this

	Section 8.7

	, then, until such time as Purchaser or its Affiliates, as applicable, obtains a replacement, (a) Purchaser agrees to reimburse Seller Group upon request for any amounts paid or suffered under any credit support of Sellers with respect to the Assets after the Closing Date and (b) Purchaser will secure such obligation by providing to Sellers back-to-back credit support reasonably acceptable to Sellers for the benefit of Sellers with respect to each credit support obligation of Sellers covering the Assets that remains in place at such time.



































































	Section 8.8




	Amendment to Schedules













	.  Prior to the Closing, Sellers shall have the right to supplement their Schedules relating to the representations and warranties set forth in


	-44-





	Article 6


	with respect to any matters arising or occurring subsequent to the Execution Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that all such supplements shall be disregarded for purposes of determining whether the condition


	to Purchaser’s obligation to close the transaction pursuant to


	Section 9.2(a)


	has been satisfied and shall not prejudice Purchaser’s rights pursuant to


	Article 12


	with respect to such matters, it being the intent of the Parties that, subject to the other terms and conditions of


	Article 12


	, Purchaser shall be entitled to indemnification for any breaches of representations and warranties associated with any matters added to such supplement


	ed Schedules pursuant to this


	Section 8.8


	.






































































	Section 8.9




	Further Assurances



	.  After the Closing, Sellers and Purchaser agree to take such further actions and to execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further documents as are reasonably requested by the other Party for carrying out the purposes of this Agreement or of any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement.  

















































































	Section 8.10




	Employee Matters



	.  








	(a)



	From and after the date of this Agreement, and notwithstanding the Confidentiality Agreement, Purchaser shall be permitted to meet with and interview Available Employees in connection with prospective employment with Purchaser or its Affiliates and offer employment to any such Available Employee on terms determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion.  Purchaser is responsible for scheduling any meetings or interviews and Seller shall reasonably assist Purchaser with respect to such scheduling. Any meetings or interviews between Purchaser and Available Employees shall be scheduled at times and places that are not unreasonably inconvenient or disruptive to AEPO or its Affiliates and during normal business hours, with reasonable advance notice being provided to AEPO or its Affiliates.  It is understood that Purchaser shall have no obligation to interview or make an offer of employment to any of the Available Employees.  Any offer of employment extended by Purchaser to Available Employees shall be made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing, in writing (or an electronic document) with an identification of such Available Employee’s salary or hourly rate, bonus opportunity, incentive compensation and benefits.  Within three (3) days after the date the Purchaser makes any such offer of employment, Purchaser shall send to AEPO a schedule identifying each Available Employee who received an offer of employment from Purchaser, and whether such offer of employment was for compensation greater than, less than or equal to the compensation currently being paid to such Available Employee.  All offers of employment contemplated by this


	Section 8.10(a)


	shall expire at least five (5) days prior to the Closing, and after the Closing shall be void.  Purchaser shall promptly, but in any event at least four (4) days prior to the Closing, notify AEPO of whether such offers of employment have been accepted or rejected by the applicable Available Employees (and, if the agreed upon compensation differs from the initial offer of employment, Purchaser shall notify AEPO of the revised compensation arrangement (i.e., as greater than, less than, or equal to current compensation)).  Purchaser hereby agrees that it will comply with all applicable Laws in making any employment decisions and taking any actions pursuant to this


	Section 8.10(a)


	.  Purchaser also agrees that it will provide copies of any offer letters and/or acceptance letters to AEPO at its reasonable request.  All Available Employees who accept an offer of employment from Purchaser shall be referred to herein as “


	Transferred Employees.


	”



	-45-











	(b)




	AEPO shall terminate the employment of any Transferred Employee as of the Closing Date unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties.  Sellers shall be responsible for all obligations owed to Rejected Available Employees and Transferred Emp


	loyees, if any, up to and including the last date of their employment with Employer, including, salary, bonus (including any “retention bonus” or “stay bonus”), accrued paid time off, severance, retirement benefits and amounts owed under any Employee Benef


	it Plan.





	(c)



	For a period of one (1) year following the Closing, Purchaser may not, directly or indirectly (including through its Affiliates or any staffing or search firm or other vendor), solicit, hire or retain, in employment or any other capacity, any Available Employee that (i) is not offered employment by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 8.10(a)


	or (ii) declines any offer of employment made by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 8.10(a)


	(collectively, “


	Rejected Available Employees


	”).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this


	Section 8.10(c)


	shall prohibit AEPO or its Affiliates from retaining any Rejected Available Employee or attempting to induce any such Rejected Available Employee to continue their employment with AEPO or its Affiliates, as applicable.







	(d)



	Purchaser shall be solely responsible for complying with the WARN Act and any and all obligations under other applicable Laws requiring notice of plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs, reductions in force or similar actions (and for any failures to so comply), in any case, applicable to the Transferred Employees, which result from any action by Purchaser and its Affiliates after the Closing Date.  Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless AEPO and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities arising in connection with any failure to comply with the requirements of this


	Section 8.10(d)


	.





	(e)



	AEPO shall be solely responsible for complying with the WARN Act and any and all obligations under other applicable Laws requiring notice of plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs, reductions in force or similar actions (and for any failures to so comply), in any case, applicable to the Available Employees, which result from any action by AEPO and/or its Affiliates on or before the Closing Date.  AEPO shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities arising in connection with any failure to comply with the requirements of this


	Section 8.10(e)


	.





	(f)



	The provisions of this


	Section 8.10


	are solely for the benefit of the respective Parties to this Agreement and nothing in this


	Section 8.10


	, express or implied, shall confer upon any employee (or any dependent or beneficiary thereof), any rights or remedies, including any right to continuance of employment or any other service relationship with the Purchaser, AEPO or any of their respective Affiliates, or any right to compensation or benefits of any nature or kind whatsoever under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement will be construed as an amendment to any Employee Benefit Plan or any other compensation and benefit plans maintained for or provided to directors, officers or employees of AEPO or its Affiliates prior to or following the Closing.














































	Section 8.11




	Suspense Funds





	.  Purchaser acknowledges that Suspense Funds may exist as of the Closing Date.  If Closing occurs, Purchaser accepts sole responsibility for and agrees to pay all costs and expenses associated with the Suspense Funds as an Assumed Purchaser Obligation.  Purchaser shall receive a credit for the amount of Suspense Funds held by Sellers as


	-46-





	of the date of the preparation of the final settlement statement pursua


	nt to


	Section 10.4(b)


	, which credit shall be accounted for as a downward adjustment in such final settlement statement (but such credit will not, in any event, be considered an adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchas


	e Price).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, AEPO shall pay out all “minimum suspense” in September in accordance with AEPO’s regular practices.  To the extent any such payment is returned to AEPO, AEPO will forward the relevant details to Purchaser, and Purc


	haser shall assume responsibility for the payment of such funds.  On or about December 29, 2017, AEPO shall pay to Purchaser the total amount of all returned payments received by AEPO prior to such date.


















	Section 8.12




	Access to Financial Information



	.


	(a)



	Following the Execution Date and until the date that is two years following the Closing Date, Sellers agree to make available to Purchaser, during normal business hours, any and all existing information and documents in the possession of Sellers relating to the Assets that Purchaser may reasonably require (i) to comply with tax and financial reporting requirements and audits that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (including the filing by WildHorse Resource Development Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission of one or more registration statements to register any securities of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933 or any information statement on Schedule 14C required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Stock Issuance Agreement) and (ii) make any filings with any Governmental Body; and





	(b)



	Following the Execution Date and until the second anniversary of the Closing Date, Sellers will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the independent auditors retained by Purchaser (“


	Purchaser’s Auditor


	”) in connection with their audit or review of any revenue and expense statements and reserve information of the Assets that Purchaser or WildHorse Resource Development Corporation requires to comply with their tax and financial reporting requirements and audits that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which cooperation will include (i) reasonable access during normal business hours to Sellers’ employees, representatives and agents who were responsible for preparing the revenue and expense statements, including Standardized Measure of Oil and Gas, (“


	SMOG


	”) and work papers and other supporting documents used in the preparation of financial statements, as may be reasonably required by Purchaser’s Auditor to perform an audit in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the delivery of one or more customary representation letters from Sellers to Purchaser’s Auditor that are reasonably requested by Purchaser or its Affiliates to allow Purchaser’s Auditor to complete an audit (or review of any financial statements) and to issue an opinion with respect to an audit or review of those financial records required pursuant to this


	Section 8.12(b)


	;





	provided

	that (i) Purchaser will reimburse Sellers, within twenty (20) Business Days after demand therefor, for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by Sellers in complying with the provisions of this


	Section 8.12


	, (ii) such requested cooperation does not unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations of Sellers or any Seller’s Affiliates or the ongoing job responsibilities of Sellers’ personnel, (iii) no Seller nor any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants or representatives shall have any liability for any statement, materials or information by Sellers or any such Person in connection with this


	Section 8.12


	, and



	-47-





	Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify Sellers from and against any liabilities incurred in connection with this


	Section 8.12


	, (iv) Selle


	rs’ failure to perform any of its obligations under this


	Section 8.12


	shall not delay the Closing hereunder and Purchaser may not assert that its c


	onditions to Closing under


	Section 9.2


	have not been satisfied due to any failure by Seller to comply with its obligations under this


	Section 8.12


	and (v) Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that any financial information provided to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 8.12


	shall be unaudited at the time it is provided, and each Seller and such Seller’s Affiliates shall have no obligation to provide audited financial information pursuant to this


	Section 8.12


	; provided, further, that without limiting the generality of this


	Section 8.12


	, for a period of three (3) years following the Closing Date, Sellers shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, retain all books, records, information and documents existing at th


	e Closing and otherwise in their or their Affiliates’ possession that are necessary to prepare and audit financial statements with respect to the Assets, except to the extent originals or copies thereof are transferred to Purchaser in connection with Closi


	ng).









































































	ARTICLE 9








































































	CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
















































































	Section 9.1




	Sellers’ Conditions to Closing



	.  The obligations of Sellers to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Sellers) on or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions precedent:










	(a)



	Representations


	.  (i) The representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in


	Sections 


	7.4


	(b), (c)


	and


	(d)


	through


	7.13


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without regard to any materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)




	and (ii) the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in


	Section 7.1


	through


	7.4(a)


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)


	;









	(b)



	Performance


	.  Purchaser shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date;







	(c)



	No Action


	.  On the Closing Date, no Order restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued and remain in force, and no suit, action or other proceeding by any Governmental Body seeking to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking substantial Damages in connection therewith, shall be pending before any Governmental Body;



	(d)



	Parent Guaranty


	. The Parent Guaranty shall be in full force and effect and enforceable;



	-48-













	(e)




	Gover


	nmental Body Approvals


	.  


	All material consents and approvals of any Governmental Body required for the transfer of the Assets from Sellers to Purchaser as contemplated under this Agreement (other than Customary Post-Closing Consents), including those


	consents required by the HSR Act, shall have been granted


	, or the necessary waiting period shall have expired, or such waiting period shall have been terminated, as applicable;







	(f)



	Deliveries


	.  Purchaser shall have delivered (or be ready, willing and able to deliver) to Sellers the documents and certificates to be delivered by Purchaser under


	Section 


	10.3


	;









	(g)



	Title; Environmental; Casualty Losses; Consents


	.  The sum (without duplication) of (i) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Title Defect Amounts determined pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	with respect to Title Defects that have not been cured by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Title Defect Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.1(g)


	), (ii) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to


	Section 5.1


	that have not been Remediated by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Remediation Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.1(g)


	), (iii) if Sellers retain any Assets (or portion thereof) pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of such Assets so retained by Sellers, (iv) all Casualty Losses pursuant to


	Section 4.7


	, that have not been repaired by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, and (v) all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of Assets excluded from the Closing pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	, shall be less than 15% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;



	(h)



	Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement


	.  The conditions to closing in the Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, and the parties to such agreement shall have indicated that they are ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby; and







	(i)



	Stock Issuance Agreement




	.  The conditions to closing set forth in Sections 1.3(a)(i) and 1.3(b) of the Stock Issuance Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, and WildHorse Resource Development Corporation shall have indicated that it is ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby.


























































































	Section 9.2




	Purchaser’s Conditions to Closing



	.  The obligations of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Purchaser) on or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions precedent:










	(a)



	Representations


	.  (i) The representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in


	Sections 6.4(b)


	,


	(c)


	and


	(d)


	through




	Section 6.22




	of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without regard to any materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)




	and (ii) the representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in



	-49-





	Section 6.1


	through




	Section


	6.4


	(a)


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, whi


	ch need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date);











	(b)



	Performance


	.  Sellers shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements to be performed or observed by Sellers under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date;







	(c)



	No Action


	.  On the Closing Date, no Order restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued and remain in force, and no suit, action or other proceeding by any Governmental Body seeking to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking substantial Damages in connection therewith, shall be pending before any Governmental Body;



	(d)



	Governmental Body Approvals


	.  


	All material consents and approvals of any Governmental Body required for the transfer of the Assets from Sellers to Purchaser as contemplated under this Agreement (other than Customary Post-Closing Consents), including those consents required by the HSR Act, shall have been granted, or the necessary waiting period shall have expired, or such waiting period shall have terminated, as applicable;



	(e)



	Deliveries


	.  Sellers shall have delivered (or be ready, willing and able to deliver) to Purchaser the documents and certificates to be delivered by Sellers under


	Section 10.2


	;









	(f)



	Title; Environmental; Casualty Losses; Consents; Preferential Rights


	. The sum (without duplication) of (i) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Title Defect Amounts determined pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	with respect to Title Defects that have not been cured by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Title Defect Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.2(f)


	), (ii) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to


	Section 5.1


	that have not been Remediated by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Remediation Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.2(f)


	), (iii) if Sellers retain any Assets (or portion thereof) pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	, or


	Section 8.1(a)


	all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of such Assets so retained by Sellers, (iv) all Casualty Losses pursuant to


	Section 4.7


	, that have not been repaired by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, and (v) all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of Assets excluded from the Closing pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	or


	Section 4.6(c)


	, shall be less than 15% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;



	(g)



	Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement


	.  The conditions to closing in the Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, and the parties to such agreement shall have indicated that they are ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby; and



	-50-







	(h)




	Stock Issuance Agreement


	.  The conditions to closing set forth in Sections 1.3(a)(i) and 1.3(c) of the Stock Issuance Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in


	accordance with their terms, and the Admiral Sellers shall have indicated that they are ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby.



















































	ARTICLE 10


















































	CLOSING
















































































	Section 10.1




	Time and Place of Closing



	.  Consummation of the purchase and sale transaction as contemplated by this Agreement (the “

	Closing

	”) shall, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties, take place at the offices of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to AEPO, located at 1000 Louisiana, Suite 6000, Houston, Texas 77002, at 10:00 a.m., Central Time, on June 30, 2017, or, if all conditions in

	Article 9

	to be satisfied prior to the Closing have not yet been satisfied or waived by such date, within five Business Days of such conditions having been satisfied or waived (in each case, excluding any conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of such conditions), subject to the Parties’ rights to terminate this Agreement under

	Article 11

	.  The date on which the Closing occurs is herein referred to as the “

	Closing Date

	.”















































































	Section 10.2




	Obligations of Sellers at Closing



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, and subject to the simultaneous performance by Purchaser of its obligations pursuant to

	Section 10.3

	, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following:






	(a)



	Counterparts of the Conveyances of the Assets, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by Sellers and acknowledged before a notary public;













	(b)



	Assignments in form required by any Governmental Body for the assignment of any Assets controlled by such Governmental Body (excluding Customary Post-Closing Consents), duly executed by Sellers, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording and filing in all appropriate offices;





	(c)



	A certificate from each Seller, duly executed by an authorized officer of such Seller, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying on behalf of such Seller that the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2(a)


	and


	Section 9.2(b)


	have been fulfilled;











	(d)



	An executed statement described in Treasury Regulation § 1.1445-2(b)(2) certifying that each Seller is not a foreign person within the meaning of the Code, substantially in the form of


	Exhibit D


	attached hereto;



	(e)



	Counterparts of the change of operator forms required by the applicable regulatory authority, duly executed by the applicable Seller;



	(f)



	Counterparts of the escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, to the extent necessary under the terms of this Agreement duly executed by the Sellers party thereto;



	-51-











	(g)




	All necessary letters in lieu of transfer orders, substantially in the form set forth on


	Exhibit E


	, directing all purchasers of production to pay Purc


	haser the proceeds attributable to production from each Property from and after the Effective Time;



	(h)



	Counterparts of the Preliminary Settlement Statement, duly executed by Sellers;



	(i)



	A recordable release of any deed of trust, mortgages, financing statements, fixture filings or security agreements imposed by any Debt Contract to which any Seller or any Affiliate of Sellers is a party burdening the Properties in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser;



	(j)



	Counterparts of the Core Access Agreement, duly executed by the applicable Sellers; and



	(k)



	All other instruments, documents and other items reasonably necessary to effectuate the terms of this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser.














































































	Section 10.3




	Obligations of Purchaser at Closing



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, and subject to the simultaneous performance by Sellers of their obligations pursuant to

	Section 10.2

	, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers the following:






	(a)



	A wire transfer in immediately available funds of the Cash Purchase Price, as adjusted pursuant to the Preliminary Settlement Statement, to the account(s) designated by AEPO, which designation shall be furnished to Purchaser no later than two days prior to the Closing Date;







	(b)



	A distribution of shares of Purchaser Common Stock with an aggregate value (as calculated pursuant to the Stock Issuance Agreement) equal to the Stock Purchase Price, as adjusted pursuant to the Preliminary Settlement Statement, to each of the Admiral Sellers, in such proportions as are designated by the Admiral Sellers, which designation shall be furnished to Purchaser no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, may be conclusively relied upon by Purchaser in fulfilling its obligation to deliver the Purchaser Common Stock pursuant to this


	Section 10.3(b)


	;







	(c)



	Counterparts of the Conveyances of Assets, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by Purchaser and acknowledged before a notary public;











	(d)



	Assignments in form required by any Governmental Body for the assignment of any Assets controlled by such Governmental Body (excluding any Customary Post-Closing Consents), duly executed by Purchaser, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording and filing in all appropriate offices;





	(e)



	A certificate duly executed by an authorized officer of Purchaser, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying on behalf of Purchaser that the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1(a)


	and


	Section 9.1(b)


	have been fulfilled;



	-52-











	(f)




	Evidence of replacement bonds, guaranties and letters of credit required pursuant to


	Sectio


	n 8.7


	;



	(g)



	Counterparts of the change of operator forms required by the applicable regulatory authority, duly executed by Purchaser or its designee;







	(h)



	Counterparts of the Preliminary Settlement Statement, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(i)



	Counterparts of the escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, to the extent necessary under the terms of this Agreement, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(j)



	Counterparts of the Core Access Agreement, duly executed by Purchaser; and



	(k)



	All other instruments, documents and other items reasonably necessary to effectuate the terms of this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by Sellers.




















































































































	Section 10.4




	Closing Payment and Post-Closing Unadjusted Purchase Price Adjustments



	.












	(a)



	Not later than seven Business Days prior to Closing, or such other date agreed to by the Parties, Sellers shall prepare and deliver to Purchaser, using the best information available to Sellers, a preliminary settlement statement (the “


	Preliminary Settlement Statement


	”) estimating the initial Adjusted Purchase Price after giving effect to all adjustments set forth in


	Section 3.4


	, including the adjusted Cash Purchase Price and Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustments.  


	Purchaser will have two Business Days after receipt of the Preliminary Settlement Statement to review such statement and to provide written notice to Sellers of objections to any item on the statement.  The Parties shall attempt to agree on the amounts in the Preliminary Settlement Statement no later than one Business Day before Closing.  The amount agreed to in accordance with this


	Section 10.4(a)


	(or if the Parties are unable to agree, the amount or amounts set forth in Sellers’ estimate delivered in accordance with this


	Section 10.4(a)


	)


	less


	the Deposit and any amount deposited to the Escrow Agent pursuant to


	Section 4.4


	and


	Section 5.2


	shall constitute the dollar amount of consideration to be paid by Purchaser to Sellers in cash or Purchaser Common Stock, as applicable, at the Closing (the “


	Closing Payment


	”).  For the avoidance of doubt, the entire Deposit shall be netted against the Cash Purchase Price in the Preliminary Settlement Statement in accordance with


	Section 3.2


	.













	(b)



	As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing but not later than the later of (x) the last day of the fourth month following the Closing Date and (y) the date on which the Parties finally determine or the Title Expert or Environmental Expert, as applicable, finally determines, all Disputed Title Matters under


	Section 4.4


	and all Disputed Environmental Matters under


	Section 5.2


	, Sellers shall prepare and deliver to Purchaser a statement setting forth (i) the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price, (ii) the amount of Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs as described in


	Section 2.4(c)


	and (iii) the amount of any Suspense Funds held by Sellers as of the date such statement is prepared, and showing the calculation of each such adjustment or item, based, to the extent possible, on actual credits, charges, receipts and other items before and after the Effective Time.  Sellers shall, at Purchaser’s request, supply available



	-53-





	do


	cumentation in reasonable detail to support any credit, charge, receipt or other item.  As soon as reasonably practicable but not later than the 30th day following receipt of Sellers’ statement hereunder, Purchaser shall deliver to Sellers a written report


	containing any changes that Purchaser proposes be made to such statement.  Sellers may deliver a written report to Purchaser during this same period reflecting any changes that Sellers propose to be made to such statement as a result of additional informa


	tion received after the statement was prepared


	.











	(c)



	The Parties shall undertake to agree on the final settlement statement.  In the event that the Parties cannot reach agreement within a reasonable period of time, either Party may refer the remaining matters in dispute to the Houston, Texas office of Grant Thornton LLP (the “


	Independent Accountant


	”) for review and final determination.  In the event that Grant Thornton LLP refuses or is otherwise unable to act as the Independent Accountant, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to appoint an independent certified public accounting firm qualified and of national recognition in the United States that is mutually agreeable to the Parties, in which event “Independent Accountant” shall mean such firm.  Within 15 days after either Party’s referral of the remaining matters in dispute to the Independent Accountant, Purchaser (on the one hand) and Sellers (on the other hand) shall submit separate written statements setting forth their respective positions with respect to all matters that remain in dispute relating to the final settlement statement.  Within 30 days after the submission of such matters to the Independent Accountant, or as soon as practicable thereafter, the Independent Accountant, acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator, will make a final determination, binding on Sellers and Purchaser (absent fraud or manifest error), and enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.  There shall be no


	ex parte


	communications between any of Sellers or Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Independent Accountant, on the other hand, relating to those matters in dispute, other than the initial written submission by Sellers and Purchaser of their respective positions on the matters in dispute and written answers by Sellers and Purchaser to written questions from the Independent Accountant.  The Independent Accountant shall be authorized to select only the position as to any adjustment set forth in the final settlement statement as presented by either Sellers (on the one hand) or Purchaser (on the other hand).  The Independent Accountant shall act as an independent neutral expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed matters submitted by the Parties and may not award Damages, interest or penalties to the Parties with respect to any matter.  The Independent Accountant shall have no power to reach any other result and shall select the adjustment or line item set forth in the final settlement statement that, in its judgment, is the closest to being in conformity with this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Accountant shall not make any determination with respect to any matter other than those matters affecting the calculations of the final settlement statement that remain in dispute.  Sellers and Purchaser shall each bear its own legal fees and other costs of presenting its written submissions to the Independent Accountant.  The costs of the Independent Accountant shall be borne by Sellers, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, based on the proportion the amount awarded in such Parties’ favor bears to the aggregate amount submitted to the Independent Accountant for determination.













	(d)



	Within ten days after the earliest of (i) the expiration of Purchaser’s 30-day review period without delivery of any written report by Purchaser as contemplated in


	Section 10.4(b)


	, (ii) the date on which the Parties finally determine the matters required to be set forth in the final settlement statement and (iii) the date on which the Independent Accountant finally determines the disputed matters submitted to it, as applicable, (A) Purchaser shall pay to



	-54-





	Sellers the amount by which (i) the final Adjusted Purchase Price,


	less


	the Deposit amount,


	plus


	the amount of the Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs,


	less


	the Suspense Funds, exceeds (2) the Closing Payment or (B) Sellers shall pay


	to Purchaser the amount by which the Closing Payment exceeds the final Adjusted Purchase Price,


	less


	the Deposit amount,


	plus


	the amount of the Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs,


	less


	the Suspense Funds, as applicable.  Any such payment, whether to o


	r from the Sellers, shall be made in cash in accordance with the Consideration Ratio.









	(e)



	Purchaser shall assist Sellers in the preparation of the final statement of the Adjusted Purchase Price under


	Section 10.4(d)


	by furnishing invoices, receipts, reasonable access to personnel, and such other assistance as may be reasonably requested by Sellers to facilitate such process post-Closing.







	(f)



	All cash payments made or to be made under this Agreement shall be made by electronic transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the appropriate Party in writing (with email being sufficient).















































































	ARTICLE 11














































































	TERMINATION


























































































	Section 11.1




	Termination



	.  This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:






	(a)



	by the mutual written consent of Sellers and Purchaser;























	(b)



	by either Purchaser or Sellers if the Closing has not occurred on or before July 31, 2017, or such later date as shall be mutually agreed to in writing by Purchaser and Sellers;















	(c)



	by Sellers if (i) the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2


	have been satisfied or waived in writing (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing); (ii) Sellers have confirmed in writing that Sellers are ready, willing and able to consummate the Closing; and (iii) Purchaser shall have failed for any reason to consummate the Closing by the date the Closing should have occurre


	d pursuant to


	Section 10.1


	;











	(d)



	by Purchaser if (i) the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1


	have been satisfied or waived in writing (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing); (ii) Purchaser has confirmed in writing that Purchaser is ready, willing and able to consummate the Closing; and (iii) Sellers shall have failed for any reason to consummate the Closing by the date the Closing should have occurred pursuant to


	Section 10.1


	;











	(e)







	by either Party if any Governmental Body shall have commenced or threatened to commence any proceeding to delay or enjoin the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;





	(f)



	by Sellers if the Parent Guaranty ceases to be in full force and effect and enforceable; or



	-55-







	(g)




	by AEPO (on behalf of Sellers), upon written notice to Purchaser, if Purchaser has not paid the Deposit to Sellers in accordance with


	Section 


	3.2


	within one Business Day after the Execution Date,


	provided the termination right described in this


	Section 11.1(g)


	must be exercised, if ever, prior to Sellers’ receipt of the Deposit


	;



	provided

	,

	however

	,


	that no Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement under


	Section 11.1(b)


	,


	11.1(c)


	or


	11.1(d)


	if the Closing has failed to occur because such Party negligently or willfully failed to perform or observe in any material respect its covenants or agreements hereunder.














































































	Section 11.2




	Effect of Termination



	.  If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to

	Section 11.1

	, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force or effect, except for the Confidentiality Agreement and the provisions of

	Section 8.1(d)

	, 

	Section 8.1(e)

	,

	Section 8.3

	,

	Section 8.4(c)

	,

	Section 8.10(f)

	,

	Article 11

	,

	Section 14.1

	through

	Section 14.11

	,

	Section 14.13

	,

	Section 14.18

	,

	Section 14.19

	and

	Appendix A

	, which shall continue in full force and effect, and Sellers shall be free immediately to enjoy all rights of ownership of the Assets and to sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Assets to any Person without any restriction under this Agreement.  





















































































	Section 11.3




	Remedies for Breach; Distribution of Deposit Upon Termination



	.










	(a)



	If Sellers could terminate this Agreement (i) under


	Section 11.1(b)


	, and Purchaser’s breach or failure to perform its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, individually or in the aggregate, with all other breaches and failures to perform by Purchaser that have not been waived in writing by Sellers, are preventing or have prevented the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1


	, (ii) pursuant to


	Section 11.1(c)


	or (iii) pursuant to


	Section 11.1(f)


	, then, in each case, Sellers, at their option, may, as their sole and exclusive remedy, either (1) terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit together with any interest or income thereon, as liquidated damages, free of any claims by Purchaser or any other Person with respect thereto or (2) seek an injunction, order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement and deduct the costs of pursuing such relief from the Deposit.  If Sellers elect to retain the Deposit but are, for any reason, prohibited from retaining the Deposit as liquidated damages, Sellers may then pursue whatever legal or equitable rights and remedies may be available to Sellers, provided any such damages recovered from Purchaser may not exceed an amount equal to the Deposit.  If Sellers elect to pursue an injunction, order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement and are unable to obtain such specific performance, then Sellers shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit together with any interest or income thereon, as liquidated damages, free of any claims by Purchaser or any other Person with respect thereto.  In the event Sellers elect to terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit, Sellers shall be free to enjoy immediately all rights of ownership of the Assets and to sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Assets to any party without any restriction under this Agreement.  


	It is expressly stipulated by the Parties that the actual amount of damages resulting from any such termination would be difficult, if not impossible, to determine accurately because of the unique nature of this Agreement, the unique nature of the Assets, the uncertainties of applicable commodity markets and



	-56-





	differences of opinion with respect to such matters, and that the liquidated damages provided for herein are a reasonable estimate by the Parties of such damages


	.





	(b)



	If Purchaser could terminate this Agreement pursuant to (i)


	Section 11.1(b)


	, and Sellers’ breach or failure to perform their representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, individually or in the aggregate, with all other breaches and failures to perform that have not been waived in writing, are preventing or have prevented the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2


	or (ii)


	Section 11.1(d)


	, then, Purchaser


	, at its option, may either (i) terminate this Agreement, receive back the entirety of the Deposit (which Sellers shall promptly return to Purchaser upon Purchaser’s proper termination of this Agreement pursuant to this


	Section 11.3(b)


	without any interest accrued thereon, free of any claims by any Seller or any other Person with respect thereto


	) and seek to recover damages from Sellers up to but not exceeding the amount of the Deposit or (ii) in lieu of terminating this Agreement, seek an injunction and order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement,


	in either case, as its sole and exclusive remedy, all other remedies being expressly waived by Purchaser


	.









	(c)



	If this Agreement is terminated under


	Section 11.1


	for any reason other than the reasons set forth in




	Section 11.3(a)


	or


	Section 11.3(b)


	, Sellers shall refund to Purchaser the Deposit, without any interest accrued thereon, free of any claims by any Seller or any other Person with respect thereto, and the Parties will have no further obligation or liability to one another hereunder other than as set forth in this


	Section 11.3


	,


	Section 11.2


	and the Confidentiality Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Purchaser shall not be entitled to receive interest on the Deposit, whether the Deposit is applied against the Unadjusted Purchase Price or returned to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 11.3(c)


	.



	(d)



	Upon termination of this Agreement, Purchaser shall destroy or return to Sellers all title, engineering, geological and geophysical data, environmental assessments and reports, maps, documents and other information furnished by Sellers to Purchaser or prepared by or on behalf of Purchaser in connection with its due diligence of the Assets, and an officer of Purchaser shall confirm the same to Sellers in writing.













































































































	ARTICLE 12












































































































	ASSUMPTION; INDEMNIFICATION




































































	Section 12.1




	Assumption by Purchaser








	.





	Without limiting Purchaser’s rights to indemnity under

	Section 12.2

	, Purchaser’s remedies for Title Defects in

	Article 4

	and Adverse Environmental Conditions in

	Article 5

	and Purchaser remedies for breaches of the special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances, on the Closing Date, Purchaser shall assume and hereby agrees to fulfill, perform, pay and discharge (or cause to be timely fulfilled, performed, paid or discharged) all of the Assumed Purchaser Obligations.



































































































































	Section 12.2




	Indemnification



	.


	-57-













	(a)




	Upon the Closing, Purchaser shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller Group from and against all Damages incurred, suffered


	by or asserted against such Persons:









	(i)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from the Assumed Purchaser Obligations,


	REGARDLESS OF FAULT


	;





	(ii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of or failure to perform any of Purchaser’s covenants or agreements in this Agreement;





	(iii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation’s covenants or agreements in the Stock Issuance Agreement;





	(iv)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by Purchaser in


	Article 


	7 or in the certificate delivered pursuant to


	Section 10.3(e)


	; or





	(v)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by WildHorse Resource Development Corporation in Section 2.1 of the Stock Issuance Agreement.









	(b)



	Upon the Closing,


	each Seller, severally and not jointly


	, shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser Group from and against all Damages incurred, suffered by or asserted against such Persons:













	(i)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from the Retained Seller Obligations,


	REGARDLESS OF FAULT


	;











	(ii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of or failure to perform any of Sellers’ covenants or agreements in this Agreement;











	(iii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any of Admiral Sellers’ covenants or agreements in the Stock Issuance Agreement;





	(iv)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by Sellers in


	Article 


	6


	or in the certificate delivered pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	; or





	(v)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Admiral Sellers in Section 2.2 of the Stock Issuance Agreement.









	(c)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if Closing occurs, this


	Section 12.2


	contains the Parties’ and their Affiliates exclusive remedies against each other with respect to breaches of the representations and warranties of the Parties in


	Article 


	6 and


	Article 


	7, breaches of the representations and warranties of the Parties and their Affiliates in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Stock Issuance Agreement, the covenants and agreements of the Parties in this Agreement, the covenants and agreements of the Parties and



	-58-





	their Affiliates in the Stock Issuance Agreement, the affirmations of such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the certificate delivered by each Party at the


	Closing pursuant to


	Section 


	10.3(e)


	, with respect to Purchaser, or


	Section 


	10.2(c)


	, with respect to Sellers, and the affirmations of such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the certificate delivered by each Party or their Affiliates at the Closing pursuant to Section 1.


	3(b)(iii) of the Stock Issuance Agreement, with respect to WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, or Section 1.3(c)(iii) of the Stock Issuance Agreement, with respect to the Admiral Sellers, except for actions of specific performance or other equitabl


	e relief expressly permitted to be sought pursuant to this Agreement or the Stock Issuance Agreement.  Except for the remedies contained in the Conveyances or in this


	Section 


	12.2


	,


	Section 


	8.1(e)


	,


	Section 


	11.2


	,


	Section 


	11.3


	and


	Section 


	14.17


	, if the Closing occurs,


	SELLERS AND PURCHASER EACH RELEASE, REMISE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE THE OTHER PARTY (OR PARTIES, AS APPLICABLE) AND THEIR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL SUITS, LEGAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES


	, LOSSES, COSTS, LIABILITIES, INTEREST, OR CAUSES OF ACTION WHATSOEVER, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, WHICH SUCH PARTIES MIGHT NOW OR SUBSEQUENTLY MAY HAVE, BASED ON, RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF (i) THIS AGREEMENT, (ii) THE STOCK ISSUANCE AGREEM


	ENT (iii) SELLERS’ OWNERSHIP, USE OR OPERATION OF THE ASSETS, (iv) THE CONDITION, QUALITY, STATUS OR NATURE OF THE ASSETS, INCLUDING RIGHTS TO CONTRIBUTION UNDER CERCLA OR ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL LAW, (v) BREACHES OF STATUTORY OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, (vi) N


	UISANCE OR OTHER TORT ACTIONS, (vii) RIGHTS TO PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND COMMON LAW RIGHTS OF CONTRIBUTION AND (viii) SUBJECT TO


	SECTION 


	4.7


	, RIGHTS U


	NDER INSURANCE MAINTAINED BY SELLERS OR ANY PERSON WHO IS AN AFFILIATE OF ANY SELLER, REGARDLESS OF FAULT.











	(d)



	Claims for Property Costs and proceeds from Hydrocarbon production shall be exclusively


	handled


	pursuant to


	Section 2.4


	, the Unadjusted Purchase Price adjustments in


	Section 3.4


	, and pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, and shall not be subject to indemnification under this


	Section 12.2


	.  Claims for Title Defects (and Title Benefits) shall be exclusively handled pursuant to


	Article


	4


	, or under the special warranty of title in the Conveyances, and Adverse Environmental Conditions shall be exclusively handled pursuant to


	Article


	4


	and


	Article 5


	, as applicable, and shall not be subject to indemnification under this


	Section 12.2


	, except as an Assumed Purchaser Obligation or as a Retained Seller Obligation


	or for breaches of the Specified Representations or the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, as determined pursuant to


	Article


	4


	and


	Article 5


	.  Claims relating to the final settlement statement (other than any claim relating to an adjustment for Property Taxes) shall be exclusively handled pursuant to the dispute resolution provisions of


	Section 10.4


	.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a breach or failure to perform with respect to any covenant or agreement described in the foregoing sections of this


	Section 12.2(d)


	are (and shall be) subject to claims for indemnification pursuant to


	Section 12.2(a)(ii)


	and


	Section 12.2(b)(ii)


	, as applicable.













	(e)



	The indemnity of each Party provided in this


	Section 12.2


	shall be for the benefit of and extend to each Person included in the Seller Group and the Purchaser Group, as applicable;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that any claim for indemnity under this


	Section 12.2


	by any such



	-59-





	Person must be brought and administered by a Party to this Agreement.  No indemnified Person other than Sellers and Purchaser shall have any rights


	against Sellers or Purchaser under the terms of this


	Section 12.2


	except as may be exercised on its behalf by Purchaser or Sellers, as applicable, pursuant to this




	Section 12.2(e)


	.  Each of Sellers and Purchaser may elect to exercise or not exercise indemnification rights under this


	Section 12.2


	on behalf of the other indemnified Persons which are members of the Seller Group or Purchaser Group, as applicable, in its sole discretion and shall have no liability to any such other indemnified Persons for any action or inaction under


	this


	Section 12.2


	.














































































	Section 12.3




	Indemnification Actions



	.  Each Party claiming it is entitled to indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify the Party or Parties from which it is seeking indemnification of any matter of which it becomes aware and for which it is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement.  The indemnifying Party shall be obligated to defend, at the indemnifying Party’s sole expense, any litigation or other administrative or adversarial proceeding against the indemnified Party relating to any matter for which the indemnifying Party has agreed to indemnify and hold the indemnified Party harmless under this Agreement.  However, the indemnified Party shall have the right to participate with the indemnifying Party in the defense of any such matter at its own expense.  The indemnifying Party shall have the right to select counsel for any matters it is defending, provided that the indemnified Party shall have the right to require the indemnifying Party to select alternative counsel if such counsel is, at such time, adverse to the indemnified Party in any legal proceeding, whether or not such proceeding is related to this Agreement.  The indemnifying party shall not, without the written consent of the indemnified party, (i) settle any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect thereto which does not include an unconditional written release of the indemnified party from all liability and Damages in respect of such third party claim or (ii) settle any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect thereto in any manner that may materially and adversely affect the indemnified party (other than as a result of money damages covered by the indemnity). With respect to any claim subject to indemnification pursuant to this

	Article 12

	or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, the indemnified party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate (at the indemnifying party’s sole cost and expense) with the indemnifying party in asserting any defense that may be available to the indemnified party with respect to any such claim.  In the case of a  claim for indemnification not based upon a Third Party claim, the indemnifying party shall have thirty (30) days from its receipt of a notice of such claim to (i) cure the Damages complained of, (ii) admit its obligation to provide indemnification with respect to such Damages or (iii) dispute the claim for such indemnification.  If the indemnifying party does not notify the indemnified party within such thirty (30) day period that it has cured the Damages or that it disputes the claim for such indemnification, the indemnifying party shall be conclusively deemed obligated to provide such indemnification hereunder.



































































	Section 12.4




	Limitation on Actions



	.










	(a)



	The representations and warranties of the Parties in


	Article 6


	and


	Article 7


	and the corresponding representations and warranties given in the certificates delivered at the Closing pursuant to


	Section 10.3(e)


	and


	Section 10.2(c)


	, as applicable, and the covenants and agreements of the Parties set forth in


	Article 8


	of this Agreement (except for those set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof), shall survive the Closing for a period of twelve


	months


	, except that (i) the representations and warranties in


	Section 6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	,


	Section



	-60-





	6.6


	,


	Section 7.1


	,


	Sec


	tion 7.2


	and


	Section 7.4


	(a)


	shall survive indefinitely and (iii) the covenants a


	nd agreements, as applicable, in


	Section 8.1(e)


	,


	Section 8.3


	,


	Section 8.6


	,


	Section 8.7


	,


	Section 8.9


	,


	Section 8.11


	and


	Section 8.12


	shall survive indefinitely, and any covenants or agreements that by their terms are applicable beyond the twelve-month anniversary of the Closing shall survive in accordance with their terms.  The re


	mainder of this Agreement (including the disclaimers in


	Section 6.23


	) shall survive the Closing without time limit except for the provisions of


	Article 13


	, which shall survive the Closing until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.  Representations, warranties, covenants and agreeme


	nts shall be of no further force and effect after the date of their expiration;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that there shall be no termination of any bona fide claim for indemnification that has been delivered to the indemnifying Person in accordance with the terms


	of this Agreement with respect to such a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement prior to its expiration date and such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement shall survive until such claim is fully and finally resolved.


	The representation


	s, warranties, covenants and agreement contained in the Stock Issuance Agreement, shall survive and terminate as set forth in the Stock Issuance Agreement.







	(b)



	The indemnities in


	Section 12.2(a)(ii)


	,


	Section 12.2(a)(iii)


	,


	Section 12.2(a)(iv)


	,


	Section 12.2(a)(v)


	,


	Section 12.2(b)(ii)


	,


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)


	and


	Section 12.2(b)(v)


	shall terminate as of the termination date of each respective representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that is subject to indemnification thereunder, except in each case as to matters for which a bona fide claim for indemnity has been delivered in good faith to the indemnifying Person on or before such termination date, in which event such indemnities shall not terminate until such claim is fully and finally resolved.  The indemnities in


	Section 12.2(b)(i)


	shall terminate as of the expiration of the applicable Retained Seller Obligation (as provided in the definition thereof) (


	provided


	,


	however


	, that there shall be no termination of any bona fide claim for indemnity that has been delivered to the indemnifying Person in accordance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to such


	Section 12.2(b)(i)


	prior to its expiration date, in which event such indemnities shall not terminate until such claim is fully and finally resolved), and the indemnities in


	Section 12.2(a)(i)




	shall survive indefinitely.  











	(c)



	Sellers shall not have any liability for any indemnification under


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)


	until and unless (i) with respect to any individual claim for Damages, the amount of such Damages exceeds $100,000.00




	(the “


	Indemnity Threshold


	”) and (ii) the aggregate amount of the liability for all Damages claimed by Purchaser and that exceed the Indemnity Threshold exceeds 3% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price, and then only to the extent that such Damages exceed 3%




	of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the foregoing shall not be applicable to breaches of those representations and warranties in


	Section 


	6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	, or


	Section 6.6


	.









	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Sellers shall not be required to indemnify the Purchaser Group under


	Section 12.2(b)(iv)


	for aggregate Damages in excess of 10% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that the foregoing shall not be applicable to breaches of those representations and warranties in


	Section 6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	, or


	Section 6.6


	.





	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, (i) Sellers shall not be required to indemnify the Purchaser Group under this


	Article 12


	for



	-61-





	aggregate Damages in excess of the Unadjusted Purchase Price and (ii) the aggregate liability for AEPO, on the one hand, and the Admiral Sellers, on the other hand, for Damages shall not exceed the Cash Purchase Price (in


	the case of AEPO) or the Stock Purchase Price (in the case of the Admiral Sellers).



	(f)



	AEPO will have no indemnification obligation or otherwise be liable with respect to any breach of a representation or warranty in


	Article 6


	or the certificate delivered pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	by any Admiral Seller or breach of or failure to perform any covenant by any Admiral Seller, and no Admiral Seller will have any indemnification obligation with respect to or otherwise be liable with respect to any breach of a representation or warranty in


	Article 6




	or the certificate delivered pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)




	by AEPO or breach of any covenant by AEPO.



	(g)



	The amount of any Damages for which an Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnity under this


	Article 12


	shall be reduced by the amount of insurance proceeds, if any, realized by the Indemnified Person or its Affiliates with respect to such Damages, net of any collection costs and excluding the proceeds of any insurance policy issued or underwritten by the Indemnified Person or its Affiliates.







	(h)



	Purchaser shall not be entitled to indemnification or any other remedy under this Agreement with respect to any Damages or other liability, loss, cost, expense, claim, award or judgment to the extent caused by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates as owner or operator of any of the Properties.







	(i)



	For purposes of determining the amount of any recovery under this


	Article 12


	(other than under


	Section 12.2(a)(v)


	), the words “Material Adverse Effect,” “material adverse effect,” “material,” “materiality,” and words of similar import in the applicable representations, warranties, covenants or agreements shall be disregarded.  


	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event will the Seller Group or the Purchaser Group be entitled to duplicate recovery under this


	Article 12


	with respect to (i) any Damage, even though the facts or series of related facts giving rise to such Damage may constitute a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth herein, in the Conveyances or in any document delivered in connection with the Closing or (ii) any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	.





	(j)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, AEPO have shall have no responsibility for or in any way be liable with respect to


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	and/or


	Section 12.2(b)(v)


	or any matter in or otherwise pertaining to the Stock Issuance Agreement.  Further, the Parties agree that, after the Closing, in no event will the Stock Issuance Agreement, or the Stock Issuance Agreement indemnification obligations set forth in this


	Article 12


	, in any way alter or limit Purchaser’s obligations to AEPO under this Agreement.



























































































	ARTICLE 13


























































































	TAX MATTERS




































































	Section 13.1




	Responsibility for Tax Filings and Payment





	.  After the Closing Date, (a) Sellers shall be responsible for paying any and all Property Taxes due with respect to the


	-62-





	ownership and


	operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom for all Tax periods ending before the Effective Time and shall file with the appropriate Governmental Body any and all Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to such Property Taxes


	, and (b) except as set forth in clause (a) hereof, Purchaser shall be responsible for paying any and all Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom and shall file with the appro


	priate Governmental Body any and all Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to such Property Taxes.  To the extent a Tax Return for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder relates to a Tax period that includes the Effective Time, Purchaser shall pr


	epare such Tax Return in a manner consistent with Sellers’ past practices except as otherwise required by applicable Laws, and shall submit such Tax Return to Sellers for their review and comment no fewer than 30 days prior to the due date therefor.  Purch


	aser shall timely file any such Tax Return, incorporating any reasonable comments received from Sellers prior to the due date therefor.
















































































	Section 13.2




	Apportionment of Property Taxes



	.  For purposes of this Agreement, Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom, but excluding Property Taxes that are based on the quantity or value of production of Hydrocarbons, shall be apportioned between Sellers and Purchaser as of the Effective Time with (a) Sellers being responsible for all such Property Taxes for Tax periods ending prior to the Effective Time and a proportionate share of the actual amount of such Taxes for a Tax period in which the Effective Time occurs (a “

	Current Tax Period

	”) determined by

	multiplying

	such actual Taxes by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Current Tax Period prior to the day that includes the Effective Time and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Current Tax Period and (b) Purchaser being responsible for all such Property Taxes for Tax periods beginning on or after the day that includes the Effective Time and a proportionate share of the actual amount of such Taxes for a Current Tax Period determined by

	multiplying

	such actual Taxes by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Current Tax Period on and after the day that includes the Effective Time and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Current Tax Period.  Property Taxes that are based on the quantity of or the value of production of Hydrocarbons shall be apportioned between Sellers and Purchaser based on the number of units or value of production actually produced, as applicable, before and at, with regard to Sellers, or after, with regard to Purchaser, the Effective Time.















	Section 13.3




	Cooperation.



	(a)



	From and after the Closing Date, each Seller shall grant to Purchaser (or its designees) reasonable access at all reasonable times to the information, books and records relating to the Assets within the possession of Sellers (including work papers and correspondence with taxing authorities, but excluding work product of and attorney-client communications with any of Sellers’ legal counsel and personnel files), and shall afford Purchaser (or its designees) the right (at Purchaser’s expense) to take extracts therefrom and to make copies thereof, to the extent reasonably necessary to permit Purchaser (or its designees) to prepare Tax Returns for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder, to conduct negotiations with Tax authorities, and to implement the provisions of, or to investigate or defend any claims between the Parties arising under, this Agreement.



	-63-







	(b)




	From and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall grant to each Seller (or Sellers’ designees) reason


	able access at all reasonable times to the information, books and records relating to the Assets within the possession of Purchaser (including work papers and correspondence with taxing authorities, but excluding work product of and attorney-client communi


	cations with any of Purchaser’s legal counsel and personnel files), and shall afford Sellers (or Sellers’ designees) the right (at Sellers’ expense) to take extracts therefrom and to make copies thereof, to the extent reasonably necessary to permit Sellers


	(or Sellers’ designees) to prepare Tax Returns for which Sellers are responsible hereunder, to conduct negotiations with Tax authorities, and to implement the provisions of, or to investigate or defend any claims between the Parties arising under, this Ag


	reement.



	(c)



	Except with respect to Income Taxes, each of the Parties hereto will preserve and retain all schedules, work papers and other documents within such Party’s possession relating to any Tax Returns of or with respect to Taxes relating to the Assets or to any claims, audits or other proceedings with respect thereto until the latest of (i) the expiration of the statute of limitations (including extensions) applicable to the taxable period to which such documents relate, (ii) the final determination of any controversy with respect to such taxable period, (iii) the final determination of any payments that may be required with respect to such taxable period under this Agreement, and (iv) seven (7) years after the Closing Date.



	(d)



	At either Purchaser’s or Sellers’ request, the other Party shall provide reasonable access to Purchaser’s or Sellers’, as the case may be, and their respective Affiliates’ personnel who have knowledge of the information described in this


	Section 13.3


	.


















































































	Section 13.4




	Like-Kind Exchange





	.  Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Purchaser shall have the right to structure the transactions contemplated under the terms of this Agreement as a Like-Kind Exchange.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in connection with effectuating a Like-Kind Exchange, each Party shall have the right, at or prior to the Closing Date or any subsequent Closing, to assign all or a portion of its rights under this Agreement (the “

	Assigned Rights

	”) to a “qualified intermediary” (as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4)) or to a “qualified exchange accommodation titleholder” (as that term is defined in U.S. Revenue Procedure 2000-37).  In the event a Party (in its capacity as an exchanging party, referred to in this

	Section 13.4

	as an “

	Exchanging Party

	”) assigns the Assigned Rights to a “qualified intermediary” pursuant to this

	Section 13.4

	, then such Exchanging Party agrees to notify Sellers in writing of such assignment reasonably in advance of the Closing Date.  In addition, should a Party choose to effectuate a Like-Kind Exchange, the Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in the completion of such an exchange, including the execution of all documents reasonably necessary to effectuate such a Like-Kind Exchange;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that (a) the Closing Date shall not be delayed or affected by reason of the Like-Kind Exchange, (b) the Exchanging Party shall effect its Like-Kind Exchange through an assignment of the Assigned Rights to a “qualified intermediary” or to a “qualified exchange accommodation titleholder,” but such assignment shall not release such Exchanging Party from any of its liabilities or obligations under this Agreement and (c) the non-Exchanging Party shall incur no additional costs, expenses, fees or Damages as a result of or in connection with the exchange requested by the Exchanging Party.  Each Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that any assignment of this Agreement pursuant to this

	Section 13.4

	shall not release a Party from, or modify, any of its respective liabilities and


	-64-





	obligations (including indem


	nity obligations to the other Party) under this Agreement.  Neither Party, by its consent to a Like-Kind Exchange by the other Party, shall be responsible in any way for the Exchanging Party’s compliance with the rules applicable to such other Party’s Like


	-Kind Exchange.
































































	Section 13.5




	Refunds



	.  Purchaser agrees to pay to Sellers the amount of any refund, credit against Tax or other Tax benefit (including any refunds, credits or rebates) together with any interest thereon received from a Governmental Body after the Closing by Purchaser or its Affiliates in respect of any Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax benefit or amount attributable to a reduction in severance Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time), prior to or at the Effective Time (determined in the manner described in

	Section 13.2

	) to the extent not otherwise taken into account under

	Section 2.4

	or as an adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price under

	Section 3.4

	, within five days after such refund, credit or other benefit is actually received or realized by Purchaser or its Affiliates.









































































	Section 13.6




	Audits



	.  From and after the Closing, each of Purchaser, on the one hand, and Sellers, on the other hand (the “

	Tax Indemnified Person

	”), shall notify the other Party in writing within 15 days of receipt by the Tax Indemnified Person of written notice of any pending or threatened audits, adjustments, claims, examinations, assessments or other proceedings with respect to any Taxes that are likely to affect the liability of such other Party under this Agreement (a “

	Tax Audit

	”).  If the Tax Indemnified Person fails to give such timely notice to the other Party, it shall not be entitled to indemnification or reimbursement for any Taxes arising in connection with such Tax Audit to the extent such failure to give notice actually and materially adversely affects the other Party.  If such Tax Audit relates to a Tax period that ends before the Effective Time or a Current Tax Period for which only Sellers would be liable to indemnify Purchaser under this Agreement, Sellers shall, at their expense, conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit.  If such Tax Audit relates solely to a Tax period beginning after the Effective Time or a Current Tax Period for which only Purchaser would be liable to indemnify Sellers under this Agreement, Purchaser shall, at its expense, conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit.  If such Tax Audit relates to a Current Tax Period for which both Sellers and Purchaser could be liable under this Agreement, Purchaser shall be entitled to conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit, but (a) Sellers shall be entitled to participate in any such Tax Audit relating to Taxes for which it may be responsible hereunder at their own expense and (b) Purchasers shall not settle, compromise or concede any portion of any Tax Audit that is reasonably likely to affect the Tax liability of Sellers without the consent of Sellers, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

































































	Section 13.7




	Characterization of Certain Payments



	.  The Parties agree that any payments made pursuant to this

	Article 13

	,

	Article 12

	or

	Section 10.4

	shall be treated for all Tax purposes as an adjustment to the Adjusted Purchase Price unless otherwise required by applicable Laws.



























































	Section 13.8




	Transfer Taxes, Recording Fees & Transaction Fees





	.  Purchaser shall bear any sales, use, excise, real property transfer or gain, gross receipts, goods and services, registration, recording fees, capital, documentary, stamp or similar Taxes (including any


	-65-





	penalties, interest or additional amounts which may be imposed with respect thereto but not including any income or franchise taxes) (collectively, “


	Transfer Taxes


	”) imposed upon, or with respect to, the tra


	nsfer of the Assets or other transactions contemplated hereby, including any fees or payments to lessors under the Leases (if any).  Purchaser and Sellers shall cooperate in good faith to minimize the incurrence of any such Transfer Taxes, fees or payments


	, including the filing or submission of an appropriate certificate or other evidence of exemption by Purchaser.  Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses (including legal and financial advisory fees and expenses) incurred in connection w


	ith, or in anticipation of, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses.


















	Section 13.9




	Tax Characterization



	.  For United States federal and applicable state income Tax purposes (“

	Tax Purposes

	”), the Parties acknowledge that the Assets are considered to be held by the Tax Partnership and the Closing will be treated as the purchase and sale of all of the interests in the Tax Partnership.  For Tax Purposes, each Party agrees that the deemed purchase and sale of all of the interests in the Tax Partnership pursuant to the Closing shall be treated in accordance with Situation 2 of Revenue Ruling 99-6, 1991-1 C.B. 432.  Accordingly, (i) the Tax Partnership shall terminate under Code Section 708(b)(1)(A); (ii) Sellers shall report gain or loss, if any, resulting from the sale of their interests in the Tax Partnership in accordance with Code Section 741; (iii) for purposes of classifying the acquisition by Purchaser hereunder, the Tax Partnership shall be deemed to have made a liquidating distribution of its assets to Sellers; and (iv) immediately following the deemed distribution, Purchaser shall be deemed to have acquired, by purchase, all of the former Tax Partnership’s assets.  Purchaser and Sellers and their Affiliates shall report, act, and file Tax Returns in all respects and for all purposes consistent with such treatment, and neither Purchaser nor Sellers shall take any position (whether in audits, Tax Returns or otherwise) that is inconsistent with such treatment unless required to do so by applicable Law.








































































	ARTICLE 14








































































	MISCELLANEOUS






























































	Section 14.1




	Counterparts



	.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.  Either Party’s delivery of an executed counterpart signature page by facsimile or email is as effective as executing and delivering this Agreement in the presence of the other Party.  No Party shall be bound until such time as all of the Parties have executed counterparts of this Agreement.



































































	Section 14.2




	Notices



	.  All notices and other communications that are required or may be given pursuant to this Agreement must be given in writing, in English and delivered personally, by courier, by facsimile or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, as follows:


	-66-







	If to Sellers:



	c/o Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

	9950 Woodloch Forest Drive

	The Woodlands, Texas 77380

	Attn:  Vice President, Corporate Development

	Facsimile:  (832) 636-9888


	With a copy to:


	Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

	9950 Woodloch Forest Drive

	The Woodlands, Texas 77380

	Attn:  Associate General Counsel, Oil, Gas and Minerals

	Facsimile:  (832) 636-8203


	and


	Sidley Austin LLP


	1000 Louisiana, Suite 6000


	Houston, Texas 77002






	 





	Attn:





	James L. Rice III; Katy L. Lukaszewski






	Facsimile: (713) 495-7799










	and


	Admiral A Holding L.P.


	TE Admiral A Holding L.P.


	Aurora C-I Holding L.P.


	600 Travis Street, Suite 7200


	Houston, Texas 77002


	Attention:  Dash Lane


	Facsimile:  (713) 583-9430


	 






	and


	 






	Kirkland & Ellis LLP


	600 Travis Street, Suite 3300


	Houston, Texas 77002


	Attention:  Anthony Speier, P.C.; John D. Pitts, P.C.


	Facsimile:  (713) 835-3601






	-67-




	 


	If to Purchaser:


	c/o WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attn:  William B. Coffey

	Facsimile: (713) 568-4911



	With a copy to

	:



	Locke Lord LLP


	600 Travis, Suite 2800


	Houston, Texas  77002

	Attn:  Terry L. Radney; Hunter Summerford

	Facsimile: (713) 223-3717


	 


	Either Party may change its address for notice by providing notice to the other Party in the manner set forth above.  All notices shall be deemed to have been duly given and the receiving Party charged with notice (a) if personally delivered, when received, (b) if sent by facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, upon confirmation of transmission, or if sent by facsimile after normal business hours of the recipient, on the next Business Day, (c) if mailed, two Business Days after the date of mailing to the address below or (d) if sent by overnight courier, one day after sending.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notices or other communications delivered pursuant to this Agreement prior to or at the Closing may be given via email, return receipt requested, during normal business hours of the recipient.  Such email notices can be sent to Sellers at julie.gremillion@anadarko.com and randle.jones@anadarko.com, copying jrice@sidley.com, klukaszewski@sidley.com, anthony.speier@kirkland.com and dash.lane@kkr.com and to Purchaser at Brad.Coffey@wildhorseresources.com and KRoane@wildhorserd.com, copying tradney@lockelord.com and hsummerford@lockelord.com.  Any written notice regarding indemnification sent to Sellers pursuant to

	Section 12.3

	should also be sent pursuant to the delivery procedures set forth in this

	Section 14.2

	to AEPO’s registered agent, CT Corporation, at 1999 Bryan Street, Suite 900, Dallas, Texas 75201.  Any written notice regarding indemnification sent to Purchaser pursuant to

	Section 12.3

	should also be sent pursuant to the delivery procedures set forth in this

	Section 14.2

	to Purchaser’s registered agent, National Corporate Research, Ltd., 1601 Elm St. Suite 4360, Dallas, TX 75201.









































































	Section 14.3




	Governing Law; Jurisdiction



	.






	(a)



	THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH WOULD PERMIT OR REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.



	-68-











	(b)




	THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE CIVIL DISTRICT COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS AND APPROPRIATE APPEL


	LATE COURTS THEREFROM, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF


	any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this agreement (OTHER than with RESPECT to DISPUTED title matters, which are governed by


	Section 4.4


	, disputed ENVIRONMENTAL matters, which are governed by


	Section 5.2


	and disputes with respect to the final settlement STATEMENT, which are GOVERNED by


	Section 10.4(


	c)


	) or any


	document delivered in connection




	herewith


	MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS.  THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, ANY OBJECTION WHICH THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF A


	NY SUCH DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT OR ANY DEFENSE OF INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM.  EACH PARTY AGREES THAT A JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY


	SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW.







	(c)



	EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.  EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH INDEPENDENT COUNSEL AND THAT IT HAS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREED TO THIS WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY


	.




































































	Section 14.4




	Knowledge Qualifications; Schedules



	.












	(a)



	Any representation or warranty qualified to the “knowledge of Sellers” or “to Sellers’ knowledge” or with any similar knowledge qualification is limited to matters within the Actual Knowledge of the individuals listed in


	Schedules 


	14.4(a)


	and


	(b)


	.  Any representation or warranty qualified to the “knowledge of the Admiral Sellers” or “to the Admiral Sellers’ knowledge” or with any similar knowledge qualification is limited to matters within the Actual Knowledge of the individuals listed in


	Schedule 14.4(b)


	.


	  


	As used herein, the term “Actual Knowledge” means information personally known by such individual.









	(b)



	To the extent that any Admiral Seller makes any representation or warranty in


	Article 6


	regarding any matter relating to the Seller Operated Assets, each such representation or warranty shall be deemed to be qualified by the phrase “to the Admiral Sellers’ knowledge.”





	(c)



	Inclusion of a matter on a Schedule in relation to a representation or warranty which addresses matters having a Material Adverse Effect or being material shall not be deemed an indication that such matter does, or may, have a Material Adverse Effect or is, or may be,



	-69-





	material.  Likewise, the inclusion of a matter on a Schedule to this Agreement in relation to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an indication that such matter necessarily would


	, or may, breach such representation or warranty absent its inclusion on such Schedule.  Disclosing a matter on any Schedule shall be deemed to be a disclosure for all purposes of this Agreement to the extent that the relevance of such matter to any other


	Schedule is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, no matter set forth in any Exhibit shall be deemed a disclosure for purposes of the Schedules unless expressly cross-referenced on such Schedule).  Matter


	s may be disclosed on a Schedule for information purposes only


	.  


































































	Section 14.5




	Waivers



	.  Any failure by any Party to comply with any of its obligations, agreements or conditions herein contained may be waived by the Party to whom such compliance is owed by an instrument signed by such Party and expressly identified as a waiver, but not in any other manner.  No waiver of, or consent to a change in, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of, or consent to a change in, other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.

































































	Section 14.6




	Assignment



	.  No Party shall assign all or any part of this Agreement, nor shall any Party assign or delegate any of its rights or duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld for any reason, and any assignment or delegation made without such consent shall be void;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that Purchaser may, without the prior written approval of Sellers, assign this Agreement to an Affiliate of Purchaser prior to the Closing;

	provided

	that (i) Purchaser provides Sellers with prompt notice of such assignment, (ii) Purchaser (for the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser as of the Execution Date) shall remain responsible and liable for all of its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement and the Parent Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and (iii) any consents obtained by Sellers in the name of WHR Eagle Ford LLC prior to Sellers’ receipt of written notice of such assignment shall be deemed in compliance with this Agreement with respect to the identity of the assignee thereof (

	i.e.

	,


	Sellers shall not be required to obtain a new consent in the name of assignee, or assign the interest subject to such consent (if such consent is a Required Consent) to the assignee).  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.





































































	Section 14.7




	Entire Agreement



	.  This Agreement (including, for purposes of certainty, the Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto), the documents to be executed hereunder, the Stock Issuance Agreement (as to the Admiral Sellers, Purchaser and the other parties thereto only), the Conveyances, the Parent Guaranty and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.



































































	Section 14.8




	Amendment



	.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an agreement in writing executed by all Parties and expressly identified as an amendment or modification.


	-70-





































































	Section 14.9




	No Third Party Beneficiaries



	.  Nothing in this Agreement shall entitle any Person other than Purchaser and Sellers to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right of any kind, except the rights expressly provided in

	Section 8.1(e)

	and

	12.2

	to the Persons described therein.

































































	Section 14.10




	Construction



	.  The Parties acknowledge that (a) Sellers and Purchaser have had the opportunity to exercise business discretion in relation to the negotiation of the details of the transaction contemplated hereby, (b) this Agreement is the result of arms-length negotiations from equal bargaining positions and (c) Sellers and Purchaser and their respective counsel participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.  Any rule of construction that a contract be construed against the drafter shall not apply to the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

















































































	Section 14.11




	Limitation on Damages



	.

	  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES FOR WHICH INDEMNIFICATION IS SOUGHT UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, NONE OF PURCHASER, SELLERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH DAMAGES WERE DISCLOSED TO THE OTHER PARTY IN ADVANCE, AND, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS SENTENCE, PURCHASER AND EACH SELLER, FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES, RESPECTIVELY, HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO SUCH DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF FAULT.


































































	Section 14.12




	Recording



	.  As soon as practicable after the Closing, Purchaser shall record the Conveyances and other assignments, if any, delivered at the Closing in the appropriate counties as well as with any appropriate Governmental Bodies and provide Sellers with copies of all recorded or approved instruments.







































































	Section 14.13




	Conspicuousness



	.  SELLERS AND PURCHASER AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW TO BE EFFECTIVE, THE PROVISIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT IN BOLD-TYPE ALL CAPS FONT ARE “CONSPICUOUS” FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW.





































































	Section 14.14




	Time of Essence





	.  This Agreement contains a number of dates and times by which performance or the exercise of rights is due, and the Parties intend that each and every such date and time be the firm and final date and time, as agreed.  For this reason, each Party hereby waives and relinquishes any right it might otherwise have to challenge its failure to meet any performance or rights election date applicable to it on the basis that its late action constitutes substantial performance, to require the other Party to show prejudice, or on any equitable grounds.  Without limiting the foregoing, time is of the essence in this Agreement.  If the date specified in this Agreement for giving any notice or taking any action is not a Business Day (or if


	-71-





	the period during which any notice is required to be given or any action taken expires on


	a date which is not a Business Day), then the date for giving such notice or taking such action (and the expiration date of such period during which notice is required to be given or action taken) shall be the next day that is a Business Day.


































































	Section 14.15




	Delivery of Records



	.  Sellers, at Sellers’ cost and expense, shall deliver the Records in electronic form to Purchaser within ten Business Days following the Closing and shall make the Records in physical form, if any, available to Purchaser for pickup within 30 days following the Closing.  For the avoidance of doubt, Sellers may keep a copy of all Records for their files.

































































	Section 14.16




	Severability



	.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement in any situation or jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other terms or provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction, and the remaining terms and provisions shall remain in full force and effect unless doing so would result in an interpretation of this Agreement that is manifestly unjust.





















	Section 14.17




	Specific Performance



	.  The Parties agree that if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms, irreparable damage would occur, no adequate remedy at Law would exist and damages would be difficult to determine, and the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof and immediate injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy, in addition to any other remedy available at Law or in equity.









































































































	Section 14.18




	Seller Representative



	.  Each Seller, by executing this Agreement, irrevocably constitutes and appoints AEPO and its successors, acting as hereinafter provided, as such appointing Party's attorney-in-fact to act on behalf of such Person in connection with the authority granted to AEPO pursuant to this

	Section 14.18

	, and acknowledges that such appointment is coupled with an interest.  Each Seller, by such appointment, (i) authorizes AEPO subsequent to the date hereof to act on such appointing Party's behalf with respect to any and all matters contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) agrees to be bound by all agreements and determinations made by and documents executed and delivered by AEPO pursuant to such  authority granted to AEPO hereunder;

	provided, however,

	that the Admiral Sellers reserve the right to determine, and in no event shall AEPO have the right or authority to determine on behalf of the Admiral Sellers, if the condition precedent set forth in

	Section 9.1(i)

	has been met.  Each Seller, by the execution of this Agreement, expressly acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser, each member of the Purchaser Group and any other Person shall be entitled to solely interact with, and rely on any and all actions taken by, AEPO acting pursuant to its authority granted under this

	Section 14.18

	without any liability to, or obligation to inquire of, such appointing Party.













































































	Section 14.19




	Sellers’ Liability





	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties agree that each Seller shall be, severally and not jointly, liable for Sellers’ obligations and liabilities under this Agreement, in proportion to the percentage of the Unadjusted Purchase Price payable to such Seller (

	i.e.

	, with respect to any loss for which multiple Sellers are liable, such as a loss arising from a breach by multiple Sellers of a


	-72-





	representation hereunder, each such Seller shall b


	e severally liable for a percentage of such loss equal to the proportionate share of the Unadjusted Purchase Price payable to such Seller as compared to the total portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price payable all such liable Sellers).  



	[

	Signature Page Follows

	]


	 


	-73-




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, this Agreement has been signed by each of the Parties on the Execution Date.




	SELLERS

	:
















	ANADARKO E&P ONSHORE LLC






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 


	[Signature Page – Purchase and Sale Agreement]




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, this Agreement has been signed by each of the Parties on the Execution Date.




	SELLERS

	:














	ADMIRAL A HOLDING L.P.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	Admiral A Holding GP LLC,






	 




	 




	its general partner






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 














	TE ADMIRAL A HOLDING L.P.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	TE Admiral A Holding GP LLC,






	 




	 




	its general partner






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 














	AURORA C-I HOLDING L.P.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	Aurora Holding GP LLC,






	 




	 




	its general partner






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Dash Lane






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 


	 


	 


	 


	[Signature Page – Purchase and Sale Agreement]




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, this Agreement has been signed by each of the Parties on the Execution Date.



	 



	PURCHASER

	:














	WHR EAGLE FORD LLC






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development






	 




	 




	Corporation, its sole member






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 


	 


	 


	 


	[Signature Page – Purchase and Sale Agreement]




	 





	APPENDIX A



	ATTACHED TO AND MADE A PART OF THAT

	CERTAIN PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG SELLERS AND PURCHASER


	DEFINITIONS


	“

	Actual Knowledge

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 14.4(a)

	.


	“

	Adjusted Purchase Price

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4

	.


	“

	Admiral A

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Admiral Sellers

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Adverse Environmental Condition

	” means any violation of or liability under Environmental Laws or Permits issued thereunder, or any contamination or condition exceeding regulatory limits applicable to the applicable Property as currently operated and not otherwise authorized by Law, resulting from any discharge, release, production, storage, treatment, seepage, escape, leakage, emission, emptying, handling, use, management or leaching of Hazardous Substances or from any other acts or omissions on, in or from any Property, or from the migration or transportation from other lands to any Property, of any Hazardous Substances that require Remediation pursuant to any current federal, state or local Laws, including Environmental Laws;

	provided, however

	, that an Adverse Environmental Condition shall not include Decommissioning, the Disclosed Environmental Conditions, Asbestos and Related Liabilities or NORM, except to the extent the use, existence or alleged existence of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, chromium, lead-based paint or NORM is a violation of or liability under Environmental Laws.


	“

	AEPO

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	AFEs

	” means authorization for expenditures issued pursuant to a Contract.


	“

	Affiliate

	” means, with respect to any Person, any Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person.


	“

	Aggregate Defect Deductible

	” means an amount equal to 3% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price.


	“

	Agreement

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.




	“

	Allocated Leasehold

	” means a portion of the leased premises under the Leases relating to any Well, insofar and only insofar as such leasehold rights entitle the owner thereof to Hydrocarbons produced from such Well and to any pooling rights associated therewith, comprising (a) the acreage included in the Unit (or allocable portion thereof if such Unit contains multiple Wells) on which such Well is located or (b) if the Well is not located within a Unit, then the acreage included within the proration unit plat for the Well as filed by the operator of such


	Appendix A-1




	 



	Well with the applicable Governmental Body or, if no such plat has been filed, the acreage prescribed by the applicable field rules or orders.



	“

	Allocated Value

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3

	.


	“

	Asbestos and Related Liabilities

	” means any and all Damages, obligations and responsibilities relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, the existence or alleged existence of any one or more of asbestos, NORM, polychlorinated biphenyls, chromium and/or lead-based paint at, on or within the Properties, including any contamination resulting therefrom.


	“

	Assets

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2

	.


	“

	Assigned Rights

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.4

	.


	“

	Assumed Purchaser Obligations

	” means, except to the extent of the Retained Seller Obligations and without limitation of Purchaser’s rights (x) of indemnification under

	Article 12

	, including for Retained Seller Obligations under

	Section 12.2(b)(i)

	and breach of Sellers’ representations and warranties under

	Section 12.2(b)(iii)

	, and (y) with respect to downward adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price prior to the Cut-Off Date pursuant to the terms of

	Section 3.4(b)

	and

	Section 10.4

	, (a) all obligations and liabilities of Sellers (including Environmental Liabilities), known or unknown, with respect to or arising from the Assets regardless of whether such obligations or liabilities arose prior to, on or after the Effective Time, including obligations and liabilities relating in any manner to the use, ownership or operation of the Assets, including (i) obligations to furnish makeup gas and/or settle Imbalance charges attributable to the Assets according to the terms of applicable gas sales, processing, gathering or transportation Contracts, (ii) Decommissioning and Asbestos and Related Liabilities, (iii) any obligations to abandon, clean up, restore and/or remediate the premises covered by or related to the Assets in accordance with applicable Contracts, Leases and Laws, (iv) claims arising under Environmental Laws with respect to the Assets, all Environmental Liabilities, the release of materials into the environment or protection of human health, safety, natural resources or the environment, or any other environmental condition of the Assets, (v) all obligations applicable to or imposed on the lessee, owner, or operator under the Leases, Surface Agreements and Contracts, or as required by any applicable Law, including the payment of all Taxes for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder; and (vi) all liabilities, claims, and costs arising from or relating to the employment by Purchaser of any Available Employees hired pursuant to

	Section 8.10

	after the termination of their employment relationships by Sellers or their Affiliates; (b) all obligations under the Leases, Contracts and Surface Agreements; (c) obligations to pay working interests, royalties, overriding royalties and other interest owners’ revenues or proceeds attributable to sales of Hydrocarbons produced from the Assets and any Suspense Fund liabilities, and (d) Purchaser’s obligations under

	Article 13

	.


	“

	Aurora

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Available Employees

	” means those employees of Sellers or their Affiliates whose jobs relate to the Assets and who are available for hire by Purchaser, as designated by Sellers on schedule provided to Purchaser prior to signing.


	“

	Back-to-Back Arrangements

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.6(b)

	.


	Appendix A-2




	 





	“


	Burdens


	” has th


	e meaning set forth in the definition of Net Revenue Interest.



	“

	Business Day

	” means each calendar day except Saturdays, Sundays, and United States federal holidays.  


	“

	Cash Purchase Price

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.1

	.


	“

	Casualty Loss

	” means any Damage or reduction in value of the Assets that occurs during the period between the Execution Date and the Closing as a result of acts of God, fire, explosion, earthquake, windstorm, flood, vandalism or other casualty, but excluding any loss, damage or reduction in value as a result of depreciation, mechanical failure or gradual structural deterioration of materials, equipment and infrastructure, a Well being shut-in temporarily, downhole failure (including (i) failures arising or occurring during drilling or completing operations, (ii) junked or lost holes or (iii) sidetracking or deviating a well) or reservoir changes or depletion (including the watering-out of any well, collapsed casing or sand infiltration of any well

	)

	, except, in each case, to the extent any such exclusions are covered by any Third Party insurance policy of AEPO or its Affiliates (in which event the same shall be Casualty Losses, to the extent any damages related to such matter are actually recoverable thereunder).


	“

	Central Time

	” means the central standard time zone of the United States.


	“

	CERCLA

	” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9601 et seq.


	“

	Closing

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.1

	.


	“

	Closing Date

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.1

	.


	“

	Closing Payment

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(a)

	.


	“

	Code

	” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.


	“

	Confidentiality Agreement

	” means that certain Confidentiality Agreement dated March 15, 2017 between Purchaser and AEPO and that certain Confidentiality Agreement dated January 6, 2017 between Purchaser and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.


	“

	Consideration Ratio

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4

	.


	“

	Contracts

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(e)

	.


	“

	Control

	” means the ability to direct the management and policies of a Person through ownership of voting shares or other equity rights, pursuant to a written agreement, or otherwise.  The terms “Controls” and “Controlled by” and other derivatives shall be construed accordingly.


	“

	Conveyance

	” means the Conveyance substantially in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit B

	, with respect to AEPO, and

	Exhibit C

	, with respect to the Admiral Sellers.


	“

	COPAS

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.5(a)

	.


	Appendix A-3




	 





	“


	Core Access Agreement


	” means that certain Core Access Agreement, in form and substance that is reasonably acceptable to AEPO and Purchaser, t


	o be entered into in connection with the Closing.



	“

	Current Tax Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.2

	.


	“

	Customary Post-Closing Consents

	” means the consents and approvals from Governmental Bodies for the assignment of the Assets to Purchaser that are customarily obtained after the assignment of properties similar to the Assets.


	“

	Cut-off Date

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4

	.


	“

	Damages

	” means the amount of any liability, fine, expense, debt, diminution in value, penalties, obligation, loss, cost, expense, claim, award, settlement or judgment incurred or suffered by any Person under any theory of tort, contract, breach of contract or otherwise, including contractual indemnity claims (whether absolute, accrued, contingent, fixed or otherwise, or whether known or unknown, or due or to become due or otherwise), including reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, consultants, accountants or other agents and experts reasonably incident to matters indemnified against, and the costs of investigation and/or monitoring of such matters, and the costs of enforcement of the indemnity.


	“

	Debt Contract

	” means any indenture, mortgage, loan, credit or similar agreement entered into by Sellers or their Affiliates creating indebtedness on the part of Sellers or their Affiliates for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property acquired by, or for services rendered to, Sellers or their Affiliates.


	“

	Decommissioning

	” means all decommissioning, dismantlement and removal activities and obligations with respect to the Properties as are required by Laws, Contracts or Surface Agreements associated with the Properties and further including all well plugging, replugging and abandonment, dismantlement and removal of buildings, facilities, pipelines and flowlines and all other assets of any kind related to or associated with operations or activities conducted on the Properties and associated site clearance, site restoration and site remediation on the Properties, but not including Remediation.


	“

	Defect Claim Date

	” means June 19, 2017.


	“

	Defect Threshold

	” means $75,000.00.






	“





	Defensible Title

	” means title of Sellers that:




	(a)



	with respect to each Well set forth on


	Exhibit A-2


	,


	entitles Sellers to (i) not less than the Net Revenue Interest shown in


	Exhibit A‑2


	for such Well through the producing life of such Well, except:  (A) decreases in connection with those operations conducted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	) in which any Seller may be a nonconsenting co-owner, (B) decreases resulting from the reversion of interests to co-owners with operations in which such co-owners elected not to consent after the Execution Date, (C) decreases resulting from the establishment of pools or units or amendment of any Unit after the Execution Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the establishment or



	Appendix A-4




	 



	amendment of such pools or units after the Execution Date is made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s cons


	ent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	), and (D) decreases required to allow other working interest owners to make up past underproduction or pipeli


	nes to make up past under-deliveries, and (ii) obligates Sellers to bear not more than the Working Interest shown in


	Exhibit A


	‑2


	for such Well through the plugging and abandonment of such Well, except:  (1) as the Working Interest may be changed from time


	to time due to the exercise after the Execution Date of non-consent rights under applicable operating agreements and similar agreements or the establishment or amendment of pools or units, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (inclu


	ding Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 


	8.4(a)


	) and (2) increases that are accompanied by at least a proportionate increase in Net R


	evenue Interest for such Well, as applicable;  



	(b)



	with respect to each Undeveloped Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	, entitles Sellers to a Net Revenue Interest for such Undeveloped Lease not less than the Net Revenue Interest Floor or not less than the Net Revenue Interest specified on


	Exhibit A-3


	to the extent a different Net Revenue Interest is specified for such Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	;



	(c)



	with respect to each Undeveloped Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	, entitles Sellers to the aggregate number of Net Acres shown on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, except for decreases resulting from the establishment or amendment of pools or units after the Execution Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the establishment or amendment of such pools or units after the Execution Date is made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	);







	(d)



	with respect to each Unit set forth on


	Exhibit A-8


	, entitles Sellers to the aggregate number of Net Acres shown on


	Exhibit A-8


	for such Unit;



	(e)



	with respect to each Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	that is still in its primary term, the primary term of such Lease will not expire prior to the date set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	for such Lease;



	(f)



	with respect to each Well, Units and Undeveloped Lease, is free and clear of all liens, security interests, pledges, charges, encumbrances or other defects, except for and subject to Permitted Encumbrances; and



	(g)



	with respect to any Asset, is free and clear of all liens and/or charges securing liquidated amounts, security interests, deeds of trust, mortgages, pledges, charges or similar financial liens, except for and subject to Permitted Encumbrances.





	Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if Sellers have been receiving revenue payments from Third Parties attributable to an overriding royalty interest which contributes to Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest shown in

	Exhibit A-2

	for a Well or the Net Revenue Interest Floor (or Net Revenue Interest set forth on

	Exhibit A-3

	, as the case may be) for an Undeveloped Lease for the ten calendar years immediately preceding the Effective Time, Purchaser may not assert that Sellers do not have Defensible Title to the Well or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable, based on any defect or discrepancy in or inability to obtain documentation related to such overriding royalty interest; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sellers have been receiving any


	Appendix A-5




	 



	such payments from WildHorse Resource Development Corporation or any of its Affiliates or their respective predecessors in interest for any period of time prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser may not assert that Sellers do not have Defens


	ible Title to the Well or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable, based on any defect or discrepancy in or inability to obtain documentation related to such overriding royalty interest.



	“

	Deposit

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.2

	.


	“

	Disclosed Environmental Conditions

	” means all matters set forth on

	Schedule 5.1

	.


	“

	Disputed Environmental Matters

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.2(a)

	.


	“

	Disputed Title Matters

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.4(a)

	.


	“

	DOJ

	” means the U.S. Department of Justice.


	“

	Eaglebine Formation

	” means that certain geologic zone(s) and formation(s) occurring at the stratigraphic equivalent of the interval from (a) the base of the Austin Chalk formation (being the stratigraphic equivalent of 6,903 feet measured depth) to (b) the top of the Buda formation (being the stratigraphic equivalent of 7,284 feet measured depth), subsurface, each as found in the Induction log of the Republic Mineral Corporation Newberry Milton S/D/8 Well (API No. 42-041-31345) located in the Francisco Ruiz Survey, A-48, Brazos County, Texas.


	“

	Effective Time

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.4(a)

	.


	“

	Employee Benefit Plans

	” means any an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and any other material employee benefit plan, program or policy, including any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, bonus, incentive, stock option or other equity or equity-based compensation, deferred compensation, stock purchase, severance pay, change of control, disability, hospitalization, health or medical insurance, life insurance, fringe benefit, welfare benefit, flexible spending account program or policy, in each case, sponsored or maintained by Sellers or one of more of their Affiliates, or with respect to which the Sellers or any of their ERISA Affiliates has any liability, and covering at least one Available Employee.


	“

	Employers


	”

	has the meaning set forth in

	Section 6.20(b)

	.


	“

	Environmental Condition Notice

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.1(a)

	.


	“

	Environmental Defect Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.1(a)

	.


	“

	Environmental Expert

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.2(d)

	.




	“

	Environmental Laws

	” means, as the same may have been amended, superseded or replaced as of the Execution Date or Closing Date, as applicable, CERCLA, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et seq.; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. § 7401 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. § 5101 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 through 2629; the Oil Pollution Act, 33 U.S.C. § 2701 et seq.; the Emergency


	Appendix A-6




	 



	Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, 42 U.S.C. § 11001 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f through 300j; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide A


	ct, 7 U.S.C. § 136 et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. § 2011 et seq


	.


	and all other Orders or Laws as of the Execution Date of any Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Property in question addressing (i) the control of any potential polluta


	nt or protection of the environment, (ii) the generation, handling, treatment, storage, disposal or transportation of Hazardous Substances, or (iii) pollution or protection of the environment and all regulations as the same may have been amended, supersede


	d or replaced as of the Execution Date or Closing Date, as applicable, implementing the foregoing that are applicable to the operation and maintenance of the Assets.



	“

	Environmental Liabilities

	” means any and all environmental response costs (including costs of Remediation), damages, natural resource damages, settlements, consulting fees, expenses, penalties, fines, orphan share, prejudgment and post judgment interest, court costs, attorneys’ fees and other liabilities incurred or imposed (a) pursuant to any Order, notice of responsibility, directive (including requirements embodied in Environmental Laws) or similar act (including settlements) by any Governmental Body to the extent arising out of any violation of, or Remediation obligation under, any Environmental Laws that are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets or (b) pursuant to any claim or cause of action by a Governmental Body or other Person for personal injury, property damage, damage to natural resources, remediation or response costs to the extent arising out of any violation of, or any remediation obligation under, any Environmental Laws, in each case, that is attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets.


	“

	Equipment

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(g)

	.


	“

	ERISA

	” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.


	“

	Escrow Agent

	” means Citibank, N.A.


	“

	Exchanging Party

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.4

	.








	“

	Excluded Assets

	” means (a) the amounts to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to

	Section 2.4(b)

	, (b) the Excluded Records, (c) all seismic, geological, geochemical or geophysical data (including seismic data), geological data, engineering data, maps, cores, interpretive data, technical evaluations, confidential logs, technical outputs, reserve estimates and other technical data relating to the Properties, (d) all claims and causes of action of Sellers arising under or with respect to any Lease or Contract that are related to Retained Seller Obligations or to the extent related to costs or expenses for which Sellers are liable pursuant to

	Section 2.4

	, (e) subject to

	Section 4.7

	, all rights and interests of any Seller or its Affiliates (i) under any policy or agreement of insurance or indemnity agreement, (ii) under any bond and (iii) to any insurance or condemnation proceeds or awards arising, in each case, from acts, omissions or events, or damage to or destruction of property prior to the Closing Date, (f) any Tax benefits (including any refunds, credits, rebates, and net operating loss carry-forwards) attributable to ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom prior to and at the Effective Time or to Sellers’ businesses generally, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any reduction in severance Taxes (including any refund, credit or rebate) that may be realized after the Effective


	Appendix A-7




	 



	Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to the Effective Time, (g) all personal property of Sellers not included within the definition of Assets, (h) Sellers’ area-wi


	de bonds, permits and licenses or other permits, licenses or authorizations used in the conduct of Sellers’ business generally, (i) all trade credits, account receivables, receivables, take-or-pay amounts receivable, and other receivables attributable to t


	he Assets to the extent related to proceeds to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to


	Section 2.4


	, (j) all of Sellers’ and any Affiliate of any Seller’s proprietar


	y computer software, software licenses, patents, trade secrets, copyrights, names, trademarks, logos and other intellectual property, (k) all data and Contracts that cannot be disclosed to Purchaser as a result of confidentiality arrangements under agreeme


	nts with Third Parties, any Governmental Body or by applicable Law;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that Sellers have used their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a waiver of any such confidentiality restriction, (l) all Hedging Contracts and Debt Contracts, (m


	) all mineral fee interests of Sellers and their Affiliates, including those associated with the Properties, including any mineral fee interests in which any Seller is a lessor, (n) any of the Assets excluded from the transactions contemplated hereunder pu


	rsuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	, or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, (o) the Caldwell fie


	ld office lease, (p) any other items set forth on


	Exhibit A-4


	; (q) the Leased Assets and (r) any asset owned by Seller that is located outside of the Properties and the premises of the Caldwell and Bryan field offices.



	“

	Excluded Records

	” means (a) all corporate, financial, income and franchise Tax and legal records of Sellers that relate to Sellers’ business generally, whether or not also relating to the Assets, (b) any Records to the extent disclosure or transfer is restricted by any Third Party license agreement, other Third Party agreement or applicable Law (which Sellers shall use commercially reasonably efforts to obtain the waiver of), (c) licensed computer software, (d)  all legal records and legal files of Sellers which are subject to the attorney-client privilege and for which attorney-client privilege has not been waived and all work product of and attorney-client communications with any of Sellers’ legal counsel, other than (i) copies of title opinions and (ii) the Leases, Surface Agreements and Contracts, (e) personnel records for employees hired by Purchaser, (f) records relating to Sellers’ sale process for the Assets, including bids received from and records of negotiations with Third Parties and information or analyses (including financial analyses) related to such bids or offers, (g) records relating to engineering forecasts, evaluations and reserve estimates, studies and evaluations and (h) any records to the extent pertaining to the Excluded Assets.


	“

	Execution Date

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Final Allocation Schedule

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3(b)

	.




	“

	FTC

	” means the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.


	“

	GAAP

	” means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


	“

	Gas

	” means any mixture of hydrocarbons and non-combustible gases in a gaseous state consisting primarily of methane.



	Appendix A-8




	 





	“


	Governmental Body


	” means any instrumentality, subdivision, court, a


	dministrative agency, commission, official or other governmental authority of the United States or any other country or any state, municipality, locality, tribe or other government or political subdivision thereof, or any quasi-governmental or private body


	exercising any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, taxing, importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental body.



	“

	Hazardous Substances

	” means any pollutants, contaminants, toxic, hazardous or other  substances, materials, wastes, constituents, compounds or chemicals that are regulated by, or may form the basis of liability under any Environmental Laws, including asbestos-containing materials.


	“

	Hedging Contract

	” means any contract to which Sellers or any of their Affiliates is a party with respect to any swap, forward, future, put, call, floor, cap, collar option or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement, whether exchange traded, “over-the-counter” or otherwise, involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities (including Hydrocarbons), equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions.


	“

	HSR Act

	” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.


	“

	Hydrocarbons

	” means oil, gas, condensate and other gaseous and liquid hydrocarbons or any combination thereof.


	“

	Imbalances

	” means (a) any Wellhead Imbalance, (b) any imbalance between the  Hydrocarbons nominated by or scheduled for delivery and the Hydrocarbons actually delivered, (c) any imbalance assessed by a carrier against a Person as a result of a Person’s failure to satisfy the carrier’s requirements including any balancing, nomination or scheduling requirements or a violation of any volumetric conditions or orders imposed by a carrier, or (d) any imbalance attributed to or assessed on a Party under the terms of a Contract or (e) any imbalance attributable a take or pay or similar volumetric minimum obligation on a pipeline or transportation system.


	“

	Income Taxes

	” means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, and similar Taxes.


	“

	Indemnity Threshold

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 12.4(c)

	.


	“

	Independent Accountant

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(c)

	.


	“

	Invasive Activity

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.1(a)

	.


	“

	Lands

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(a)

	.


	“

	Laws

	” means all Permits, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, Orders, codes of Governmental Bodies and common law.


	Appendix A-9




	 





	“


	Leased Assets


	” means all equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures, inve


	ntory, vehicles, office leases, furniture, office equipment and related peripheral equipment, computers, field equipment and related personal property that are related primarily to the Assets and are currently leased by Sellers.



	“

	Leases

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(a)

	.


	“

	Like-Kind Exchange

	” means a simultaneous or deferred (forward or reverse) exchange allowed pursuant to Section 1031 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder or any applicable state or local Tax Laws.


	“

	Material Contracts

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 6.9(a)

	.


	“

	Net Acres

	” means, as computed separately with respect to each Undeveloped Lease and Unit, (a) the number of gross acres in the Eaglebine Formation covered by such Undeveloped Lease or the Leases covered by such Unit,

	multiplied by

	(b) the undivided mineral interest owned by lessors in the Eaglebine Formation in such gross acres with respect to such Undeveloped Lease or the Leases covered by such Unit,

	multiplied by

	(c) Sellers’ Working Interest in such Undeveloped Lease or Leases covered by such Unit.


	“

	Net Revenue Interest

	” with respect to any Well or Undeveloped Lease, the interest in and to all Hydrocarbons produced, saved and sold from or allocated to such Well or Undeveloped Lease, in each case, relating to the Eaglebine Formation only, and after giving effect to all royalties, overriding royalties, reversionary interests, convertible interests, non-participating royalty interests, production payments, net profits interests and other similar burdens upon, measured by or payable out of production therefrom (“

	Burdens

	”).


	“

	Net Revenue Interest Floor

	” means, with respect to each Undeveloped Lease, a 75% Net Revenue Interest, calculated on an 8/8ths basis.


	“

	NORM

	” means naturally occurring radioactive material.


	“

	Northstars Purchase and Sale Agreement

	” means that Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between Purchaser, AEPO and Anadarko Energy Services Company.


	“

	Order

	” means any judgment, order, consent order, injunction, decree or writ of any Governmental Body.


	“

	Parent Guaranty

	” means a parent guaranty provided in support of and on behalf of Purchaser in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers.


	“

	Party

	” and “

	Parties

	” have the meanings set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Permits

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(j)

	.


	Appendix A-10




	 





	“


	Permitted Encumbrances


	” means any or all of the following:







	(a)



	royalties and any overriding royalties, net profits interests, free gas arrangements, production payments, reversionary interests and other similar burdens on production to the extent that the net cumulative effect of such burdens does not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate increase in the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A-8


	or


	Exhibit A‑3


	for any Unit or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable;







	(b)



	all Leases and Contracts (including the Material Contracts), to the extent that the net cumulative effect of such instruments does not individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of or materially interfere with the use or ownership of the Wells, Units or Undeveloped Leases subject thereto or affected thereby, as currently owned and operated, which would be accepted by a reasonable prudent operator engaged in the business of owning and operating oil and gas properties similar to the Properties (as they are currently owned and operated), and which do not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate increase in the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A-8


	or


	Exhibit A‑3


	for any Unit or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable.







	(c)



	Preferential Rights to Purchase and required Third Party consents to assignment and similar transfer restrictions, including Customary Post-Closing Consents;







	(d)



	liens for Taxes or assessments not yet delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and described on


	Schedule 1.1(a)


	;



	(e)



	excepting circumstances where such rights have already been triggered, rights of reassignment arising upon final intention to abandon or release all or any of a Lease;







	(f)



	materialman’s, mechanic’s, repairman’s, employee’s, contractor’s, operator’s and other similar liens or charges arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet delinquent (including any amounts being withheld as provided by Law), or if delinquent, being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and described on


	Schedule 1.1(a)


	;







	(g)



	all rights to consent by, required notices to, filings with, or other actions by Governmental Bodies in connection with the sale or conveyance of the Assets or interests therein if they are not required or customarily obtained in the region where the Assets are located prior to the sale or conveyance, including Customary Post-Closing Consents;



	(h)



	defects affecting any depths or formations other than the Eaglebine Formation;



	Appendix A-11




	 









	(i)




	easements, rights-of-way, covenants, servitudes, Permits, surface leases and other rights


	in respect of surface operations that do not prevent or adversely affect operations as currently conducted on the Properties covered by the Assets or materially detract from the value of the affected Assets;







	(j)



	Imbalances;







	(k)



	all rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Bodies to control or regulate any of the Assets in any manner or to assess Tax with respect to the Assets, the ownership, use or operation thereof, or revenue, income or capital gains with respect thereto, and all obligations and duties under all applicable Laws;



	(l)



	all other liens, charges, encumbrances, defects or irregularities that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of or materially interfere with the use or ownership of the Wells or Undeveloped Leases subject thereto or affected thereby (as currently used or operated), which would be accepted by a reasonably prudent purchaser engaged in the business of owning and operating oil and gas properties similar to the Properties, and which do not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate increase in the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A-8


	or


	Exhibit A‑3


	for any Unit or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable;







	(m)



	any lien, charge or other encumbrance on or affecting the Assets that is discharged by Sellers at or prior to the Closing; and



	(n)



	any lien or encumbrance created by a lessor of a Lease that (i) post-dates the perfection of the applicable Lease (in accordance with applicable Law) or (ii) pre-dates the perfection of the applicable Lease (in accordance with applicable Law) and has been subordinated to the applicable Lease.



	“

	Person

	” means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Body or any other entity.


	“

	Phase I Environmental Site Assessment

	” means an environmental site assessment performed pursuant to the American Society for Testing and Materials (“ASTM”) Standard E 1527-13, or any similar environmental assessment.




	“

	Phase II Guidelines

	” means the following rules and regulations: (a) all Invasive Activities shall be performed by environmental consultants mutually agreeable to the Parties, (b) Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete Invasive Activities prior to the Defect Claim Date, (c) prior to conducting any sampling, boring, drilling or other invasive investigative activity with respect to the Assets, Purchaser shall furnish for Sellers’ review a proposed scope of such Invasive Activity including a description of the activities to be conducted and a description of the approximate locations of such activities and, if any of the proposed


	Appendix A-12




	 



	activities are likely to unreasonably interfere with normal operation of the Assets, Sellers may request an appropriate modification of the proposed Invasive Activity, (d) Purchaser shall maintain and shall


	cause its offices, employees, representatives, consultants and advisors to maintain all information obtained by Purchaser pursuant to any Invasive Activity as strictly confidential until the Closing occurs unless disclosure of any facts discovered through


	such assessment is required under any Laws, (e) after completing any Invasive Activity Purchaser shall at its sole cost and expense restore the Assets as close as practicable to their condition prior to the commencement of such Invasive Activity unless Sel


	lers request otherwise and Purchaser shall promptly dispose of all drill cuttings, corings or other investigative-derived wastes generated in the course of such Invasive Activity, (f) Sellers shall have the right to be present during any Invasive Activitie


	s and shall have the right at its option and expense to split samples with Purchaser, (g) Purchaser shall provide Sellers with a copy of the final draft of all environmental reports prepared by or on behalf of Purchaser with respect to any Invasive Activit


	y conducted on the Assets, and (h) in the event that any necessary disclosures under applicable Laws are required with respect to matters discovered by any Invasive Activity, Purchaser agrees that Sellers shall be the responsible party for disclosing such


	matters to the appropriate Governmental Bodies provided that if Sellers fail to promptly make such disclosure and Purchaser or any of its Affiliates is legally obligated to make such disclosure such Person shall have the right to fully comply with such leg


	al obligation.



	“

	Pooled Acreage

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(b)

	.


	“

	Post-Closing Cure Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(b)(i)

	.


	“

	Preferential Right to Purchase

	” means any Third Party’s preferential right to purchase any of the Assets (or portion thereof), including a right of first refusal, right of first offer or other similar right.


	“

	Preliminary Allocation Schedule

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3(a)

	.


	“

	Preliminary Settlement Statement

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(a)

	.


	“

	Properties

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(c)

	.




	“

	Property Costs

	” means all operating and production expenses, including costs of insurance, rentals, shut-in payments and royalty payments or other Burdens, gathering, processing and transportation costs, and costs of title examinations and curative actions; Property Taxes (but not income or franchise Taxes); capital expenditures, including bonuses, broker fees, acquisition costs, and other lease or other royalty acquisition, extension or renewal costs, costs of drilling and completing wells and costs of acquiring equipment; and Third Party overhead charges, in each case, attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom but only to the extent chargeable to the joint account pursuant to an operating agreement applicable to the Assets (but if there is no applicable operating agreement, then pursuant to the 2005 COPAS form of accounting procedure) and in the ordinary course of business, in each case, solely to the extent attributable to Sellers’ interest in the Assets;

	provided

	,

	however

	, the following shall not be considered Property Costs: (i) any such costs incurred by Sellers to cure Title Defects asserted hereunder; (ii) any costs incurred by Sellers to Remediate


	Appendix A-13




	 



	Adverse Environmental Conditions asserted hereunder and (iii) insurance premiums or d


	eductibles payable to any Affiliates of Sellers to the extent pertaining to coverages for events which, if occurring, would not constitute Casualty Losses.



	“

	Property Taxes

	” means all real property, personal property, ad valorem, severance, production and similar Taxes (which for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Income Taxes or Transfer Taxes) based upon or measured by the ownership or operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom or the receipt of proceeds therefrom.


	“

	Purchaser

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Purchaser’s Auditor

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.12(b)

	.


	“

	Purchaser Common Stock

	” means shares of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation common stock having the rights, privileges and restrictions set forth in the Stock Issuance Agreement.


	“

	Purchaser Group

	” means Purchaser and Purchaser’s Affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors and employees and Purchaser’s successors and permitted assigns.


	“

	Purchaser Parent

	” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.


	“

	Records

	” means electronic digital copies (or originals to the extent located on the Properties or the lands covered by the Surface Agreements) of any files, records, information and data, whether written or electronically stored, in each case to the extent relating primarily to the Assets, including:  (a) land and title records (including abstracts of title, title opinions and title curative documents); (b) contract files; (c) correspondence; (d) operations, environmental, production and accounting records; and (e) production, facility and well records and data;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that the term “Records” shall not include any Excluded Records and any information that cannot, without unreasonable effort or expense that Purchaser does not agree to undertake or pay, as applicable, be separated from any files, records, information and data related to the Excluded Assets.


	“

	REGARDLESS OF FAULT

	” MEANS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES OF ANY CLAIM, INCLUDING, EVEN THOUGH A CLAIM IS CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY:


	THE NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER SOLE, JOINT, CONCURRENT, COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, ACTIVE, PASSIVE, GROSS OR OTHERWISE), WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER FAULT OF ANY MEMBER OF THE PURCHASER GROUP, THE SELLER GROUP, INVITEES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES; AND/OR




	A PRE-EXISTING DEFECT, WHETHER PATENT OR LATENT, OF THE PREMISES OF PURCHASER’S PROPERTY OR SELLERS’ PROPERTY (INCLUDING THE ASSETS), INVITEES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES.


	“

	Rejected Available Employees

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.10(c)

	.


	Appendix A-14




	 





	“


	Remediation


	” means, with respect to an Adverse Environmental Condition or Disclosed Environmental Condition, removal, abatement, response, investigative, cleanup and/or monitoring activitie


	s, including any investigation, study, assessment, testing, monitoring, containment, removal, disposal, closure, corrective action, passive remediation, natural attenuation or bioremediation, or the installation and operation of remediation systems require


	d under Environmental Laws to correct, address, or remove an Adverse Environmental Condition.  To the extent that releases of Hazardous Substances require cleanup or corrective action, remediation may be conducted so as to achieve applicable risk-based sta


	ndards for soil or groundwater intended to achieve the most cost-effective response that addresses remediation obligations under Environmental Laws, considering the long term or residual liabilities or effects upon use or operations of any of the Assets in


	the same manner as currently used and operated by Sellers associated with such risk based remediation approaches.



	“

	Remediation Amount

	” means, with respect to an Adverse Environmental Condition, the reasonable cost including customary fines and penalties (net to Sellers’ interest) of the Remediation of or other Environmental Liabilities associated with such Adverse Environmental Condition on or at the relevant Asset for continued operation in the manner it is operated as of the Closing Date, taking into account the continuing long-term need to operate the Asset, customary industry practices in the State of Texas and the requirements of Environmental Laws.


	“

	Remedy Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(b)

	.


	“

	Representatives

	” means (a) partners, employees, officers, directors, members, equity owners and counsel of a Party or any of its Affiliates or any prospective purchaser of an interest in a Party; (b) any consultant, advisor or agent retained by a Party or the parties listed in

	clause (a)

	above; and (c) any bank, other financial institution or entity funding, or proposing to fund, such Party’s operations in connection with the Assets, including any consultant retained by such bank, other financial institution or entity.


	“

	Required Consent

	” means any consent or approval affecting an Asset that is required to be obtained for the assignment of such Asset in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement if the applicable agreement, contract or other instrument (a) does not provide that such consent cannot be unreasonably withheld and/or (b) provides that any purported assignment of such agreement, contract or other instrument is void or voidable or the underlying Asset is terminated without such consent being obtained.  




	“

	Retained Seller Obligations

	” means all obligations and liabilities of Sellers, known or unknown, with respect to or arising from (a) the Excluded Assets, (b) until three years after the Closing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) validly asserted prior to the end of such three-year period related to (1) any personal injury (including death) or (2) property damages (other than Adverse Environmental Conditions) that, individually, exceed $25,000 in value, in each case, to the extent related to the ownership or operation of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates and arising from events occurring prior to the Closing Date; (c) until three years after the Closing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) validly asserted prior to the end of such three-year period related to any disposal offsite of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates prior to the Closing Date of Hazardous Substances or NORM arising from the operation or use of the Assets;


	Appendix A-15




	 



	(d) 


	Sellers’ obligations under


	Sections 


	2.4


	and


	3.4


	and


	Article 13


	; (e) solely with respect to AEPO, all liabilities, claims a


	nd costs arising from or relating to the employment by AEPO or its Affiliates of any Available Employees on or prior to the termination of their employment relationships by or with AEPO or its Affiliates; (f) until three years after the Closing Date, any c


	ivil or administrative fines or similar monetary penalties or criminal sanctions imposed on any Seller or its Affiliates as a result of any pre-Closing Date violation of Law (including Environmental Law) by any Seller or its Affiliates and relating to the


	ownership or operation of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates, but excluding, for all purposes, any remedial obligation to abandon, cleanup, restore, and/or remediate any premises covered by or related to the Assets; (g) until three years after the C


	losing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) related to the failure to pay or the incorrect payment to any royalty owner, overriding royalty owner, working interest owner or other Burden holder under the Leases and


	Lands and escheat obligations, in each case, insofar as the same are attributable to Sellers’ ownership of the Assets prior to the Effective Time; (h) until three years after the Closing Date, except for any amounts credited against the Unadjusted Purchas


	e Price hereunder as part of the Suspense Funds, statutory penalties and interest, if any, owing to any interest owner attributable to the Suspense Funds accruing prior to the Effective Time, payable to any state under existing escheat or unclaimed propert


	y statutes; (i) the actions, suit, proceeding and other matters, if any, set forth on


	Schedule


	6.5


	and any matters that should have been listed on


	Schedule


	6.5


	as of the Closing Date; (j) Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) related to the Disclosed Environmental Conditions and/or any post-closing Remediation by Sellers; and (k) any claims among or by any Seller or its Affili


	ates against one or more Sellers or their Affiliates with respect to the ownership or operation of the Assets (provided, for purposes of this clause (k), Affiliates of Admiral Sellers shall not include Purchaser or its Affiliates).



	“

	Reversionary Net Revenue Interest

	” means any future Net Revenue Interest that reverts to any party after the necessary payout or other triggering event in the applicable farm-out agreement, other agreement or instrument.


	“

	SCADA

	” means supervisory control and data acquisition industrial control system.


	“

	Seller Group

	” means, each Seller and such Seller’s Affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors and employees and each Seller’s successors and permitted assigns.


	“

	Seller Operated Assets

	” means those Assets operated by Sellers or their Affiliates.


	“

	Sellers

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	SMOG

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.12(b)

	.


	“

	Soft Consents

	” means any consent or approval affecting an Asset that is required to be obtained for the assignment of the Assets in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that is not a Required Consent or a Customary Post-Closing Consent.


	“

	Specified Representations

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.1

	.


	“

	Stock Issuance Agreement

	” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement.


	Appendix A-16




	 





	“


	Stock Purchase Price


	” has the meaning set forth in


	Section 3.1


	.



	“

	Stored Hydrocarbons

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4(a)(iv)

	.


	“

	Suspense Funds

	” means proceeds of production and associated penalties and interest in respect of any of the Seller Operated Assets that are payable to Third Parties and are being held in suspense by Sellers as the operator of such Properties.


	“

	Surface Agreements

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(f)

	.


	“

	Tax Audit

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.6

	.


	“

	Tax Indemnified Person

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.6

	.


	“

	Tax Partnership

	” shall mean the tax partnership known as the Eaglebine JV Tax Partnership created under that certain Participation Agreement executed September 11, 2014 by and among Sellers.


	“

	Tax Purposes

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.9

	.


	“

	Tax Return

	” means any return (including any information return), report, statement, schedule, notice, form, election, claim for refund or other document (including any attachments thereto and amendments thereof) filed with or submitted to, or required to be filed with or submitted to, any Governmental Body with respect to any Tax.


	“

	Taxes

	” means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, sales, use, ad valorem, property, severance, production, excise, stamp, documentary, gross receipts, goods and services, registration, capital, transfer, employment, estimated or withholding taxes or other assessments, duties, fees (including impact fees) or charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, penalties or additional amounts that may be imposed with respect thereto.


	“

	TE Admiral

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Third Party

	” means any Person other than a Party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a Party to this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and all Affiliates thereof shall not be considered “Third Parties” of Sellers or their Affiliates under this Agreement.


	“

	Title Benefit

	” means, (a) with respect to the Wells set forth on

	Exhibit A-2

	, any right, circumstance or condition that operates to increase the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers as of the Closing Date in any of such Wells above that shown on

	Exhibit A-2

	for such Well (without a corresponding proportionate or greater increase in Working Interest for such Well) and (b) with respect to the Units on

	Exhibit A-8

	or Undeveloped Leases on

	Exhibit A-3

	, any right, circumstance or condition that operates to increase the Net Acres of Sellers as of the Closing Date in such Unit or Undeveloped Leases above that shown on

	Exhibit A-8

	or

	Exhibit A-3

	for such Units or Undeveloped Leases, as applicable.


	“

	Title Benefit Amount

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.3(b)

	.


	Appendix A-17




	 





	“


	Title Benefit Notice


	” has the meaning set forth in


	Section 4.3(a)


	.



	“

	Title Benefit Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.3(a)

	.


	“

	Title Defect

	” means any lien, security interest, pledge, charge, defect, encumbrance or other matter that, if not cured, causes Sellers not to have Defensible Title;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that none of the following shall be considered a Title Defect for any purpose:






	(a)



	defects in the chain of title consisting of the failure to recite marital status in a document or omissions of successions of heirship or estate proceedings, unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that such failure or omission could reasonably be expected to result in another Person’s superior claim of title to the relevant Asset;







	(b)



	defects arising out of lack of survey, unless a survey is expressly required by applicable Laws or the applicable Lease to be effective;







	(c)



	defects based on a gap in Sellers’ chain of title in the state’s records as to state Leases, in the federal government’s records as to federal Leases, or in the county records as to other Leases, unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that such gap exists in such records by an abstract of title, run sheet or a title opinion, which documents shall be included in the applicable Title Defect Notice;



	(d)



	defects as a consequence of cessation of production, insufficient, or failure to conduct operations that occurred more than two years prior to the Execution Date on any of the Properties held by production, or lands pooled, communitized or unitized therewith, except to the extent the applicable lessor has provided written notice to Sellers that it is exercising its right to terminate the lease in question or that Sellers have forfeited or have an obligation to release leasehold acreage as a result of such cessation of production, insufficient production or failure to conduct operations, which notice shall be included in the Title Defect Notice;







	(e)



	defects based on references to lack of information, including lack of information in Seller’s files, the lack of Third Party records, and/or the unavailability of information from Governmental Bodies, if such information is otherwise in Purchaser’s possession or is a matter of public record;







	(f)



	defects based solely on references in recorded instruments to a document because such document is not in Sellers’ files;



	(g)



	defects based on Tax assessment, Tax payment or similar records (or the absence of such activities or records), unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that the material contained in such records (or the lack of such records) could reasonably be expected to result in another Person’s superior claim of title to the relevant Asset;



	(h)



	defects that have been cured by the passage of time, the doctrine of adverse possession, applicable


	laws


	of limitation or prescription or such other matter that would render such defect invalid according to applicable Law;



	Appendix A-18




	 





	(i)




	any unsubordinated mortgage on the fee estate or mineral fee estate from which title to the relevant Property is derived which pre-dates the creation o


	f the Property and which is not currently subject to foreclosure or other enforcement proceedings by the holder of the mortgage and which is subordinated to the rights of lessee under any Lease burdened thereby; or







	(j)



	defects arising out of lack of evidence of corporate or other entity authorization, unless Purchaser


	provides


	affirmative evidence that such lack of authorization results in another Person’s actual and superior claim of title to the relevant property.



	“

	Title Defect Amount

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(c)

	.


	“

	Title Defect Notice

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(a)

	.


	“

	Title Defect Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(a)

	.


	“

	Title Expert

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.4(d)

	.


	“

	Transferred Employees

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.10(a)

	.


	“

	Transfer Taxes

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.8

	.


	“

	U.S.

	” and “

	United States

	” mean the United States of America.


	“

	Unadjusted Purchase Price

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.1

	.


	“

	Undeveloped Lease

	” means the Leases or portions thereof set forth on

	Exhibit A-3

	to the extent and only to the extent falling outside of the Units.


	“

	Units

	” means each of the geographic areas pertaining to each the drilling units described on

	Exhibit A-8

	, as more particularly described in each unitization agreement or other similar agreement associated with each such drilling unit.


	“

	Unobtained Contract Consents

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.6(b)(i)

	.


	“

	Unobtained Lease Consents

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.6(b)(ii)

	.


	“

	Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.4(c)

	.


	“

	WARN Act

	” means the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. § 2101 et seq., and all applicable similar state and local laws.


	“

	Wellhead Imbalances

	” means any imbalance at the wellhead between the amount of Hydrocarbons produced from a Well and allocated to the interest of any Seller therein and the shares of production from the relevant Well to which such Seller was entitled.


	“

	Wells

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(c)

	.




	“

	Working Interest

	” with respect to any Well or Lease, the interest in and to such Well or Lease, as applicable, that is burdened with the obligation to bear and pay costs and expenses of


	Appendix A-19




	 



	maintenance, development and operations on or in


	connection with such Well or Lease, in each case, relating to the Eaglebine Formation only, and without regard to the effect of any Burdens.



	 


	Appendix A-20








	Exhibit 2.3


	 


	PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


	BY AND AMONG


	ANADARKO E&P ONSHORE LLC,


	AND


	ANADARKO ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY,


	AS SELLERS


	AND


	WHR EAGLE FORD LLC,


	AS PURCHASER


	__________________________________________


	EXECUTION DATE:  May 10, 2017


	EFFECTIVE TIME:  12:01 AM, January 1, 2017

	__________________________________________


	 


	 








	 





	Table of Contents




	Page



	ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

	1







	 





	Section 1.1






	Defined Terms1





	 










	 





	Section 1.2






	References and Rules of Construction1





	 






	ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE AND SALE

	2







	 





	Section 2.1






	Purchase and Sale2





	 










	 





	Section 2.2






	Assets2





	 










	 





	Section 2.3






	Excluded Assets4





	 










	 





	Section 2.4






	Effective Time; Proration of Costs and Revenues4





	 










	 





	Section 2.5






	Procedures5





	 






	ARTICLE 3 PURCHASE PRICE

	6







	 





	Section 3.1






	Unadjusted Purchase Price6





	 










	 





	Section 3.2






	Deposit6





	 










	 





	Section 3.3






	Allocation of Unadjusted Purchase Price6





	 










	 





	Section


	3.4






	Adjustments to Unadjusted Purchase Price7





	 










	 





	Section 3.5






	Parent Guaranty.9





	 






	ARTICLE 4 TITLE MATTERS; CONSENTS

	9







	 





	Section 4.1






	Sellers’ Title9





	 










	 





	Section 4.2






	Title Defects9





	 










	 





	Section 4.3






	Title Benefits12





	 










	 





	Section 4.4






	Title Disputes13





	 










	 





	Section 4.5






	Limitations on Applicability16





	 










	 





	Section 4.6






	Consents to Assignment and Preferential Rights to Purchase16





	 










	 





	Section 4.7






	Casualty Loss or Condemnation20





	 






	ARTICLE 5 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

	21







	 





	Section 5.1






	Adverse Environmental Conditions21





	 










	 





	Section 5.2






	Adverse Environmental Condition Disputes24





	 










	 





	Section 5.3






	Limitations on Applicability27





	 






	ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

	27







	 





	Section 6.1






	Organization and Power27





	 










	 





	Section 6.2






	Authorization and Enforceability27





	 










	 





	Section 6.3






	Liability for Brokers’ Fees28





	 










	 





	Sectio


	n 6.4






	No Conflicts.28





	 










	 





	Section 6.5






	Litigation.28





	 










	 





	Section 6.6






	Taxes and Assessments28





	 










	 





	Section 6.7






	Capital Commitments29





	 










	 





	Section 6.8






	Compliance with Laws29





	 










	 





	Section 6.9






	Contracts29





	 










	 





	Section 6.10






	Consents and Preferential Purchase Rights31





	 






	- i -




	 






	 





	Section 6.11












	Le


	ases


	31





	 










	 





	Section 6.12






	Advance Payments31





	 










	 





	Section 6.13






	Surface Agreements31





	 










	 





	Section 6.14






	Imbalances31





	 










	 





	Section 6.15






	Suspense Funds32





	 










	 





	Section 6.16






	Bankruptcy32





	 










	 





	Section 6.17






	Condemnation32





	 










	 





	Section 6.18






	Permits32





	 










	 





	Section 6.19






	Plugging and Abandonment32





	 










	 





	Section 6.20






	Labor, Employment and Benefits32





	 










	 





	Section 6.21






	Environmental Matters33





	 










	 





	Section 6.22






	Payout Balances34





	 










	 





	Section 6.23






	Certain Disclaimers34





	 






	ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

	35







	 





	Section 7.1






	Organization35





	 










	 





	Section 7.2






	Authorization and Enforceability36





	 










	 





	Section 7.3






	Liability for Brokers’ Fees36





	 










	 





	Section 7.4






	No Conflicts36





	 










	 





	Section 7.5






	Litigation36





	 










	 





	Section 7.6






	Financing36





	 










	 





	Section 7.7






	Securities Law Compliance36





	 










	 





	Section 7.8






	Independent Evaluation36





	 










	 





	Section 7.9






	Consents, Approvals or Waivers37





	 










	 





	Section 7.10






	Bankruptcy37





	 










	 





	Section 7.11






	Qualification37





	 










	 





	Section 7.12






	Tax37





	 










	 





	Section 7.13






	Limitation37





	 






	ARTICLE 8 COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

	38







	 





	Section 8.1






	Access38





	 










	 





	Section 8.2






	Government Reviews40





	 










	 





	Section 8.3






	Public Announcements; Confidentiality41





	 










	 





	Section 8.4






	Operation of Business42





	 










	 





	Section 8.5






	Operatorship44





	 










	 





	Section 8.6






	Change of Name44





	 










	 





	Section 8.7






	Replacement of Bonds, Letters of Credit and Guaranties44





	 










	 





	Section 8.8






	Amendment to Schedules44





	 










	 





	Section 8.9






	Further Assurances45





	 










	 





	Section 8.10






	Employee Matters45





	 










	 





	Section 8.11






	Suspense Funds46





	 










	 





	Section 8.12






	Access to Financial Information47





	 










	 





	Section 8.13






	Unleased Fee Minerals48





	 










	 





	Section 8.14






	Leased Vehicles48





	 






	 


	- ii -




	 





	ARTICLE 9 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING


	49







	 





	Section 9.1






	Sellers’ Conditions to Closing49





	 










	 





	Section 9.2






	Purchaser’s Conditions to Closing50





	 






	ARTICLE 10 CLOSING

	51







	 





	Section 10.1






	Time and Place of Closing51





	 










	 





	Section 10.2






	Obligations of Sellers at Closing51





	 










	 





	Section 10.3






	Obligations of Purchaser at Closing53





	 










	 





	Section 10.4






	Closing Payment and Post-Closing Unadjusted Purchase Price Adjustments54





	 






	ARTICLE 11 TERMINATION

	56







	 





	Section 11.1






	Termination56





	 










	 





	Section 11.2






	Effect of Termination57





	 










	 





	Section 11.3






	Remedies for Breach; Distribution of Deposit Upon Termination57





	 






	ARTICLE 12 ASSUMPTION; INDEMNIFICATION

	58







	 





	Section 12.1






	Assumption by Purchaser58





	 










	 





	Section 12.2






	Indemnification58





	 










	 





	Section 12.3






	Indemnification Actions60





	 










	 





	Section 12.4






	Limitation on Actions61





	 






	ARTICLE 13 TAX MATTERS

	62







	 





	Section 13.1






	Responsibility for Tax Filings and Payment62





	 










	 





	Section 13.2






	Apportionment of Property Taxes63





	 










	 





	Section 13.3






	Cooperation.63





	 










	 





	Section 13.4






	Like-Kind Exchange64





	 










	 





	Section 13.5






	Refunds65





	 










	 





	Section 13.6






	Audits65





	 










	 





	Section 13.7






	Characterization of Certain Payments65





	 










	 





	Section 13.8






	Transfer Taxes, Recording Fees & Transaction Fees65





	 






	ARTICLE 14 MISCELLANEOUS

	66







	 





	Section 14.1






	Counterparts66





	 










	 





	Section 14.2






	Notices66





	 










	 





	Section 14.3






	Governing Law; Jurisdiction67





	 










	 





	Section 14.4






	Knowledge Qualifications; Schedules68





	 










	 





	Section 14.5






	Waivers69





	 










	 





	Section 14.6






	Assignment69





	 










	 





	Section 14.7






	Entire Agreement69





	 










	 





	Section 14.8






	Amendment69





	 










	 





	Section 14.9






	No Third Party Beneficiaries69





	 










	 





	Section 14.10






	Construction69





	 










	 





	Section 14.11






	Limitation on Damages70





	 










	 





	Section 14.12






	Recording70





	 










	 





	Section 14.13






	Conspicuousness70





	 










	 





	Section 14.14






	Time of Essence70





	 






	- iii -




	 






	 





	Section 14.15












	Delivery of Records


	70





	 










	 





	Section 14.16






	Severability70





	 










	 





	Section 14.17






	Specific Performance71





	 










	 





	Section 14.18






	AESC Obligations71





	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	- iv -




	 





	APPENDICES


	:



	Appendix A

	-


	Definitions



	EXHIBITS:


	Exhibit A‑1

	-


	Leases



	Exhibit A‑2

	-



	Wells


	Exhibit A-3

	-


	Undeveloped Leases



	Exhibit A-4

	-


	Excluded Assets



	Exhibit A-5

	-


	Contracts



	Exhibit A-6

	-


	Surface Agreements



	Exhibit A-7

	-


	Permits



	Exhibit A-8

	-


	Leased Vehicles


	Exhibit B

	-


	Form of Conveyance



	Exhibit C

	-


	Form of Certificate of Non-Foreign

	Status


	Exhibit D

	-


	Form of Letter-in-Lieu



	Exhibit E

	-


	Form of Surface Deed



	Exhibit F

	-


	Form of Term Royalty Deed



	SCHEDULES:  


	Schedule 1.1(a)

	-


	Contested Liens



	Schedule 1.1(b)

	-


	AESC Contracts



	Schedule 3.4

	-


	Imbalance Procedures



	Schedule 5.1

	-


	Disclosed E

	nvironmental Conditions

	Schedule 6.4

	-


	Conflicts


	Schedule 6.5

	-


	Litigation


	Schedule 6.6(b)

	-


	Taxes and Assessments


	Schedule 6.7

	-


	Capital Commitments


	Schedule 6.8

	-


	Compliance with Laws


	Schedule 6.9(a)

	-


	Material Contracts


	Schedule 6.9(b)

	-


	Exceptions to M

	aterial Contracts


	Schedule 6.10

	-


	Seller Consents and Preferential Rights to Purchase


	Schedule 6.11

	-


	Exceptions to Leases



	Schedule 6.13

	-


	Surface Agreements



	Schedule 6.14

	-


	Imbalances



	Schedule 6.15

	-


	Suspense Funds



	Schedule 6.18

	-


	Permits



	Schedule 6.19

	-



	Plugging and Abandonment


	Schedule 6.20

	-


	Employee Pension Benefit Plans



	Schedule 6.22

	-


	Payout Balances



	Schedule 7.5

	-


	Purchaser Knowledge Individuals


	Schedule 7.9

	-


	Purchaser Consents


	Schedule 8.4

	-


	Operations


	Schedule 8.7

	-


	Replacement Bonds



	Schedule 14.4

	-


	Seller Knowledge Individuals



	- i -




	 





	PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT



	This Purchase and Sale Agreement (this “

	Agreement

	”) is dated as of May 10, 2017 (the “

	Execution Date

	”), by and among Anadarko Energy Services Company, a Delaware corporation (“

	AESC

	”), Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“

	AEPO

	” and together with AESC (subject to

	Section 14.18

	) “

	Sellers

	” and each individually a “

	Seller

	”) and WHR Eagle Ford LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“

	Purchaser

	”).  Sellers and Purchaser are sometimes referred to herein individually as a “

	Party

	” and collectively as the “

	Parties

	.”


	RECITALS:







	A.





	Sellers own certain interests in oil and gas properties, rights and related assets that are defined and described herein as the “

	Assets

	.”











	B.





	Sellers desire to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser desires to purchase from Sellers the Assets in the manner and upon the terms and conditions hereafter set forth.






	NOW

	,

	THEREFORE

	, in consideration of the premises and mutual promises, representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof, agree as follows:









































































	ARTICLE 1








































































	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION






























































	Section 1.1




	Defined Terms



	.  In addition to the terms defined in the introductory paragraph and the Recitals of this Agreement, for purposes hereof, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in

	Appendix A

	.





























































	Section 1.2




	References and Rules of Construction





	.  All references in this Agreement to Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions of or to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.  Titles appearing at the beginning of any Exhibits, Schedules, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this Agreement and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof.  The words “this Agreement,” “herein,” “hereby,” “hereunder” and “hereof,” and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section, subsection, clause or other subdivision unless expressly so limited.  The words “this Article,” “this Section,” “this subsection,” “this clause” and words of similar import refer only to the Article, Section, subsection and clause hereof in which such words occur.  The word “including” (in its various forms) means including without limitation.  The words “shall” and “will” are used interchangeably and have the same meaning.  All references to “$” or “dollars” shall be deemed references to United States dollars.  Each accounting term not defined herein will have the meaning given to it under GAAP as interpreted as of the date of this Agreement.  Unless (i) expressly provided to the contrary herein or (ii) used to set forth a list of elections available to a Party pursuant hereto, the word “or” is not exclusive.  Pronouns in masculine,


	 





	feminine or neuter genders shall be construed to state and include any other gen


	der, and words, terms and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires.  Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules referred to herein are attached to an


	d by this reference incorporated herein for all purposes.  Reference herein to any federal, state, local or foreign Law shall be deemed to also refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise, and reference


	herein to any agreement, instrument or Law means such agreement, instrument or Law as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including, in the case of agreements or instruments, by waiver or consent and, in the case of Laws, by succession of


	comparable successor Laws.  References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and permitted assigns. Any requirement that a Party use “commercially reasonable efforts” hereunder shall not be construed to include any requirement of such Party or a


	ny of its Affiliates to expend money, commence or participate in any litigation or offer or grant any accommodation (financial or otherwise) to any Third Party.


	  





























































	ARTICLE 2




























































	PURCHASE AND SALE






























































	Section 2.1




	Purchase and Sale



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Sellers shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver the Assets to Purchaser and Purchaser shall purchase, acquire, accept and pay for the Assets and shall assume the Assumed Purchaser Obligations.







































































	Section 2.2




	Assets



	.  As used herein, the term “

	Assets

	” means, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all of Sellers’ right, title and interest, whether real or personal, recorded or unrecorded, tangible or intangible, vested, contingent or reversionary, in and to the following (but excepting and excluding, in all such instances, the Excluded Assets):








	(a)



	The oil, gas and mineral leases, subleases and other leaseholds that are identified on


	Exhibit A‑1


	(collectively, the “


	Leases


	”), subject to the depth limitations and other restrictions that may be set forth in the Leases or in any conveyances in the chain of title, together with (i) all rights, privileges, benefits and powers conferred upon the holder of the Leases with respect to the use and occupation of the lands covered thereby, (ii) all rights, options, titles and interests of Sellers with respect to the Leases, including rights to obtain or otherwise earn any interest in the Leases or within the lands covered by or described in the Leases or any acreage pooled, communitized or unitized therewith (the “


	Lands


	”) and (iii) all royalties, overriding royalties, net profits interests, carried interests, reversionary interests, leasehold interests and other rights in and to the Lands;









	(b)



	All pooled, communitized or unitized acreage which includes all or a part of any Lease or the Lands (the “


	Pooled Acreage


	”), and all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging to the Leases and Pooled Acreage;











	(c)



	All oil, gas, water, carbon dioxide, water disposal or injection wells, whether producing, shut-in or abandoned, located on the Leases or Lands together with the Allocated Leasehold for such well, including the interests in the wells identified on


	Exhibit A‑2


	(the “


	Wells


	” and collectively with the Leases, the Lands and the Pooled Acreage, the “


	Properties


	”);



	-2-













	(d)




	All flowlines, pipelines, gathering systems and appurtenances thereto located on the Properties or used, or held for use, in connection with the Properties;


	  









	(e)



	All contracts, agreements and instruments to the extent, but only to the extent, applicable to the Properties, the production of Hydrocarbons from the Properties or the other Assets, including operating agreements, unitization, pooling and communitization agreements, production sharing agreements, declarations and orders, area of mutual interest agreements, joint venture agreements, farmin and farmout agreements, participation agreements, exchange agreements, joint development agreements, storage agreements, crossing agreements, agreements for the sale and purchase of Hydrocarbons and gathering, processing and transportation agreements, including those contracts, agreements and instruments described on


	Exhibit A-5


	and the AESC Contracts, but excluding (i) any contracts, agreements and instruments to the extent transfer is restricted by Third Party agreement, a Governmental Body or applicable Law (unless and until the necessary consents or approvals to transfer have been obtained pursuant to


	Section 4.6


	or unless as otherwise set forth in this Agreement) and (ii) the Leases and Surface Agreements (subject to such exclusions, the “


	Contracts


	”);









	(f)



	All (i) surface fee interests appurtenant to and used or held for use, in connection with the Properties, and all structures located thereon, except to the extent they are used in connection with the operation of the Excluded Assets (the “


	Surface Fee Lands


	”) and (ii) easements, licenses, servitudes, rights‑of‑way, surface leases and other surface rights appurtenant to and used or held for use, in connection with the Properties, in each case, including those described on


	Exhibit A-6


	; but excluding, in all instances, any such interest or right to the extent transfer is restricted by Third Party agreement, a Governmental Body or applicable Law (unless and until the necessary consents or approvals to transfer have been obtained pursuant to


	Section 


	4.6


	or unless as otherwise set forth in this Agreement) (subject to such exclusion, the “


	Surface Agreements


	”);











	(g)



	All equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures and owned rolling stock, including (i) trailers, rolling test equipment, rolling machinery and other portable wheeled equipment, and other tangible personal property and improvements and (ii)


	manifolds, well equipment, casing, tubing, pumps, motors, fixtures, machinery, compression equipment, flow lines, processing and separation facilities, pads, materials, SCADA equipment and transmitters, telecommunications equipment, field radio telemetry and associated frequencies, pressure transmitters and central processing equipment, in each case, that is owned by any Seller and that is used or held for use in connection with the ownership or operation of the Properties


	(the “


	Equipment


	”);















	(h)



	All Hydrocarbons (or proceeds from the sale of Hydrocarbons) produced from or attributable to the Properties after the Effective Time and the S






	tored Hydrocarbons, together with Imbalances associated with the Properties, which would otherwise accrue for the Sellers’ benefit;





































	(i)

































	The Records;





	(j)



	The Leased Assets set forth on


	Exhibit A-8


	(the “


	Leased Vehicles


	”);







	(k)



	To the extent assignable or re-issuable into Purchaser’s name (which reissuance will be at Purchaser’s sole cost and expense), all permits, approvals, allowances, emission or



	-3-





	pollution credits, or authorizations by, or filings with, any Governmental Body a


	nd all water rights relating to the construction, ownership or operation of the Assets


	, including those described on


	Exhibit A-7


	(the “


	Permits


	”)


	;





	(l)



	All trade credits, account receivables, receivables, take-or-pay amounts receivable, and other receivables to the extent attributable to the Assets and attributable to periods after the Effective Time, excluding any items (i) related to the Retained Seller Obligations or (ii) to which Sellers are otherwise entitled pursuant to


	Section 2.4


	; and



	(m)



	All rights, claims and causes of action of Sellers against Third Parties arising under or with respect to any Asset, excluding items related to the Retained Seller Obligations.






































	Section 2.3




	Excluded Assets



	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Assets shall not include, and there is excepted, reserved and excluded from this transaction, the Excluded Assets.  In the event Purchaser comes into possession of any Excluded Assets, it shall deliver such Excluded Assets, as promptly as possible, to or as directed by Sellers.  Notwithstanding any term of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any Asset is excluded hereunder pursuant to

	Sections 4.2(b)(iii)

	,

	4.6(b)

	,

	4.6(c)

	,

	5.1(b)(iii)

	,

	5.1(d)

	or

	8.1(a)

	, Sellers shall retain any Assets directly associated therewith.  To the extent Purchaser reasonably requires use of any such Asset for the continued operation of the Assets (in the manner operated by Sellers prior to Closing), Sellers shall grant Purchaser such use upon reasonable request.









































































































	Section 2.4




	Effective Time; Proration of Costs and Revenues



	.








	(a)



	If Closing occurs, Purchaser shall be entitled to (without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	or otherwise) (i) all production of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to the Properties after 12:01 a.m., Central Time, on January 1, 2017 (the “


	Effective Time


	”) and all products and proceeds attributable thereto and (ii) all other income, proceeds, receipts and credits earned with respect to the Assets after the Effective Time, and Purchaser shall be responsible for, and entitled to any refunds with respect to, all Property Costs incurred after the Effective Time.









	(b)



	Sellers shall be entitled to (without duplication of any amounts paid pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	or otherwise) (i) all production of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to the Properties prior to and at the Effective Time and all products and proceeds attributable thereto and (ii) all other income, proceeds, receipts and credits earned with respect to the Assets prior to and at the Effective Time, and such Sellers shall be responsible for, and entitled to any refunds with respect to (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax benefit attributable to any reduction in severance (or impact) Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time), all Property Costs and other costs attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom incurred prior to or at the Effective Time.



















	(c)



	With respect to Property Costs paid by Sellers on behalf of Third Parties, regardless of whether such Property Costs were paid before, at or after the Effective Time, Sellers shall be entitled to retain all proceeds of cash calls, billings and other funds received as reimbursement in respect of such Property Costs.  With respect to Property Costs paid by Sellers



	-4-





	prior to the Closing on behalf of Third Parties and attributable to periods after the Effective Time that remain unreimbursed (the “


	Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs


	”


	) as of the date the final settlement statement is prepared pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, regardless of whether such Property Costs were paid before, at or after the Effective Time,


	Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the amount of all such Unrei


	mbursed Third Party Property Costs and Purchaser shall be entitled to all receivables with respect thereto and all proceeds of cash calls, billings and other funds received as reimbursement in respect thereof.  As part of the final settlement statement, Se


	llers shall provide reasonable supporting documentation in respect of such unreimbursed Property Costs and include the payment to be made by Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 2.4(c)


	in the calculation of the final settlement statement.





	(d)



	Should any Party receive any proceeds or other income after the Closing to which another Party is entitled under this


	Section 2.4


	, such receiving Party shall fully disclose, account for and promptly remit same.  Similarly, should Purchaser pay any Property Costs after the Closing for which Sellers are responsible under this


	Section 2.4


	, Sellers shall reimburse the Purchaser promptly after receipt of an invoice, accompanied by proof of payment, with respect to such Property Costs.  If Sellers receive any invoice for Property Costs after the Closing for which Purchaser is responsible under this


	Section 2.4


	, Sellers shall promptly forward such invoice to Purchaser.  


	Each Party agrees that this


	Section 2.4(d)


	shall not be interpreted to require a Party to remit or reimburse, as the case may be, any such amounts more frequently than once per calendar month, unless the amounts owed exceed $100,000.00.







	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this


	Section 2.4


	, following the third anniversary of the Closing Date, Sellers shall have no further entitlement to amounts earned from the sale of Hydrocarbons produced from or attributable to the Assets and other income earned with respect to the Assets and no further responsibility for Property Costs (other than Property Taxes specifically allocated to Sellers as provided in


	Article 13


	) incurred with respect to the Assets.






























































	Section 2.5




	Procedures



	.








	(a)



	For purposes of allocating production and accounts receivable with respect thereto under


	Section 2.4


	, gaseous Hydrocarbons shall be deemed to be “from or attributable to” the Properties when they pass through the delivery point sales meter closest to the well.  Sellers shall utilize reasonable interpolative procedures to arrive at an allocation of production when exact meter readings or gauging and strapping data is not available.  Sellers shall provide to Purchaser evidence of all meter readings and all gauging and strapping procedures conducted on or about the Effective Time in connection with the Assets, together with all data necessary to support any estimated allocation, for purposes of establishing the adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	.  The terms “earned” and “incurred” shall be interpreted in accordance with GAAP and Council of Petroleum Accountants Society (“


	COPAS


	”) standards, and expenditures which are incurred pursuant to an operating agreement, unit agreement or similar agreement shall be deemed incurred


	based on when services are rendered, when the goods are delivered or when the work is performed


	.









	(b)



	Purchaser shall handle all joint interest audits and other audits of Property Costs covering the period for which Purchaser is in whole or in part responsible under


	Section


	2.4


	;



	-5-





	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that Purchaser shall


	not agree to any adjustments to previously assessed costs for which any Seller is liable, or any compromise of any audit claims to which any Seller would be entitled, without the prior written consent of Sellers, which consent shall not be unreasonably wi


	thheld, conditioned or delayed.  Each Party shall provide the other Party with a copy of all applicable audit reports and written audit agreements received by such Party or its Affiliates and relating to periods for which any such Party is partially respon


	sible.









	(c)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, right-of-way fees and other Property Costs (other than delay rentals, lease extension payments, lease bonus payments and/or insurance premiums due prior to the Effective Time which shall be the sole responsibility of Sellers and Property Taxes) that are paid periodically shall be prorated based on the number of days in the applicable period falling before and the number of days in the applicable period falling on or after the day of the Effective Time.  Property Taxes shall be prorated as set forth in


	Section


	13.2


	.





























































	ARTICLE 3




























































	PURCHASE PRICE
















































































	Section 3.1




	Unadjusted Purchase Price



	.  The purchase price for the Assets shall be an aggregate amount equal to $120,000,000.00 (the “

	Unadjusted Purchase Price

	”), which shall be adjusted as provided in

	Section 3.4

	.



































































	Section 3.2




	Deposit



	.  Within one Business Day after the Execution Date, Purchaser shall pay to Sellers, in immediately available funds by wire transfer into an account designated by Sellers prior to the date hereof, an amount equal to 10% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price (the “

	Deposit

	”).  The Deposit shall be applied against the Unadjusted Purchase Price at the Closing or be distributed in accordance with the terms of

	Section 11.3

	, as applicable.

















































































	Section 3.3




	Allocation of Unadjusted Purchase Price















	.








	  




	(a)



	Within sixty days after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall prepare and deliver to Sellers, using and based upon the best information available to Purchaser, a schedule along with reasonably detailed supporting documentation, setting forth an allocation of the Unadjusted Purchase Price and any other items properly treated as consideration for U.S. federal income Tax purposes among the classes of assets provided for in Treasury Regulation § 1.338-6, in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and any similar provisions of state, local or foreign Law, as appropriate) and, to the extent allowed by applicable Law, in a manner consistent with the Allocated Values (the “


	Preliminary Allocation Schedule


	”).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the “Allocated Value” for (i) any Well equals the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price allocated to such Well on


	Exhibit A-2


	and (ii) any Undeveloped Lease equals the portion of the Unadjusted Purchase Price allocated to such Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Sellers have accepted such Allocated Values for purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby but make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of such values.



	-6-









	(b)




	As soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than forty-five (45) days following receipt of the Preliminary Allocation Schedule, Sellers shall deliver to Purchaser a written report conta


	ining any changes that Sellers proposes to be made in such schedule (and specifying the reasons therefore in reasonable detail).  The Parties shall undertake to agree on a final schedule no later than fifteen (15) Business Days subsequent to the receipt by


	Purchaser of Seller’s proposed changes (such schedule, if any, the “


	Final Allocation Schedule


	”).



	(c)



	If Sellers and Purchaser reach an agreement with respect to the Final Allocation Schedule in accordance with


	Section 3.3(b)


	, (i) Purchaser and Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to update the Final Allocation Schedule in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code following any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) Purchaser and Sellers shall, and shall cause their Affiliates to, report consistently with the Final Allocation Schedule in all Tax Returns;


	provided, however


	, that no Party shall be unreasonably impeded in its ability and discretion to negotiate, compromise and/or settle any Tax audit, claim or similar proceedings in connection with such allocation.










































































































































































	Section 3.4




	Adjustments to Unadjusted Purchase Price



	.  All adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be made (x) without duplication (in this Agreement or otherwise), (y) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, to the extent not inconsistent with this Agreement, in accordance with GAAP and COPAS as consistently applied in the oil and gas industry in Texas and (z) only with respect to matters, (A) in the case of

	Section 3.4(b)(iii)

	, for which valid notice is given on or before the Defect Claim Date and (B) in all of the other cases set forth in

	Section 3.4(a)

	or

	Section 3.4(b)

	, identified on or before the last day of the three year anniversary of the Closing Date (the “

	Cut-off Date

	”). Without limiting the foregoing, the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted as follows, resulting in the “

	Adjusted Purchase Price

	”:








	(a)



	The Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted upward by the following amounts:







	(i)



	an amount equal to all Property Costs that are (A) incurred after the Effective Time but paid by any Seller and (B) incurred prior to the Effective Time but allocable to post-Effective Time periods pursuant to


	Section 2.5(c)


	and paid by Sellers, but excluding, in each case, any amounts previously reimbursed to Sellers by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 2.4(d)


	;







	(ii)



	an amount equal to all proceeds and other income to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to


	Section 2.4(


	b)


	to the extent that such amounts have been received by Purchaser and not remitted or paid to any Seller;









	(iii)



	an amount equal to any Tax benefit as of the Cut-off Date that can reasonably be determined




	by Sellers as attributable to any reduction in severance Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time;



	(iv)



	an operating fee of $75,000.00 per month for each month between the Effective Time and the Closing;



	-7-













	(v)




	to the extent that proceeds for the associated production prior to and at the Effective Time have not been received by or remitted to any Seller, an amount equal to the aggregate volumes of Hydrocarbons s


	tored in stock tanks or other storage as of the Effective Time (the “


	Stored Hydrocarbons


	”), in each case, from or attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom


	multiplied


	by $48.08 for oil;





	(vi)



	any amount equal to any upward adjustment for Imbalances as determined  in accordance with the procedures set forth on


	Schedule 3.4


	; and











	(vii)



	any other amount provided for elsewhere in this Agreement or otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties as an upward adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price.









	(b)



	The Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be adjusted downward by the following amounts:







	(i)



	an amount equal to all Property Costs and other costs attributable to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom that are incurred prior to the Effective Time but paid by Purchaser, but excluding any amounts previously reimbursed to Purchaser by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 2.4(


	d)


	;







	(ii)



	an amount equal to all proceeds and other income to which Purchaser is entitled pursuant to




	Section 2.4(a)


	, to the extent that such amounts have been received by Sellers and not remitted or paid to Purchaser;









	(iii)



	any undisputed (as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Title Expert) Title Defect Amounts for Title Defects determined pursuant to


	Section


	4.2


	(as offset by undisputed Title Benefit Amounts for Title Benefits determined pursuant to


	Section


	4.3


	)


	or the undisputed (as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Environmental Expert) Remediation Amounts for any Adverse Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to


	Section


	5.1


	;









	(iv)



	the amount of (A) any reduction in value of the Assets caused by Casualty Losses, as set forth in


	Section 4.7(


	a)


	, or (B) the Allocated Value for any portion of the Assets taken in condemnation or under right of eminent domain, as set forth in


	Section 4.7(


	b)


	;













	(v)



	an amount equal to the Allocated Value, if any, of any Assets excluded from this transaction pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(


	iii)


	,


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	;









	(vi)



	any amount equal to any downward adjustment for Imbalances as determined in accordance with the procedures set forth on


	Schedule 3.4


	; and





	(vii)



	any other amount provided for elsewhere in this Agreement or otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties as a downward adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price.



	-8-





















	Section 3.5




	Parent Guaranty


	.



	(a)



	Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall cause WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“


	Purchaser Parent


	”) to deliver to Sellers the Parent Guaranty.





















































































































	ARTICLE 4




















































































































	TITLE MATTERS; CONSENTS




































































	Section 4.1




	Sellers’ Title



	.  Except for the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances and the Deeds and the representations and warranties set forth in

	Sections 6.5

	,

	6.6

	,

	6.10

	,

	6.11

	,

	6.13

	and

	6.14

	(the “

	Specified Representations

	”), Sellers make no, and expressly disclaim any, warranty or representation, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to Sellers’ title to any of the Assets and Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that, subject to

	Section 4.5

	, Purchaser’s sole remedy for any defect of title, including any Title Defect, with respect to any of the Assets, (a) on or before the Defect Claim Date, shall be as set forth in

	Section 4.2

	and (b) from and after the Defect Claim Date (without duplication), shall be pursuant to the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances and  the Deeds and/or

	Section 12.2(b)(iii)

	for breaches of the Specified Representations of Sellers;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser shall not be entitled to protection under the special warranty of title provided in the Conveyances or the Deeds for any Title Defect reported under this

	Article 4

	.  The special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances and the Deeds shall be subject to the terms and provisions of this

	Section 4.1

	(

	mutatis mutandis

	).  If, after the Closing, Purchaser provides written notice of a breach of the special warranty of title in the Conveyances or the Deeds to any breaching Seller, such Seller shall have a reasonable opportunity to cure such breach (not to exceed ninety days following notice of such breach).  In any event, the recovery on a breach of Sellers’ special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances or the Deeds shall not exceed, in the aggregate, the Allocated Value of the affected Asset.  Disputes regarding the existence of a breach of the special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances or the Deeds, the amount by which the affected Asset is adversely affected by such breach or the cure of such breach shall be resolved in accordance with

	Section 14.3

	of this Agreement.





























































































	Section 4.2




	Title Defects



	.












	(a)



	To assert a claim of a Title Defect, Purchaser must deliver a claim notice to Sellers (each, a “


	Title Defect Notice


	”) at or prior to 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the Defect Claim Date.  Each Title Defect Notice shall be in writing and shall include (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Purchaser’s basis for, the alleged Title Defect, (ii) identification of each Well or Undeveloped Lease (each, a “


	Title Defect Property


	”), in each case, that is adversely affected by the Title Defect, (iii) the Allocated Value of each Title Defect Property, (iv) all documents in Purchaser’s possession or control (or references thereto if such documents are also in Seller’s possession or in the applicable county records) upon which Purchaser relies for its assertion of a Title Defect, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Purchaser (or Purchaser may include references thereto if any such documents are also in  any Seller’s possession or in the applicable county records), to the extent reasonably necessary for Sellers to verify the existence of the alleged Title Defect, (v) the identity of the Seller(s) affected by such Title Defect (based on the reasonable belief of Purchaser); and (vi) the amount by which Purchaser reasonably believes the Allocated Value of each Title Defect Property is reduced by



	-9-





	the alleged Title Defect calculated in accordance with


	Section 4.2(c)


	, and the computations therefor.  To be valid, each Title Defect Notice must be substantially in compliance with each of the requirements of the foregoing sentenc


	e.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary and subject to Purchaser’s rights under the special warranties of title contained in the Conveyances and the Deeds, and


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)




	for breaches of the Specified Representat


	ions, Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right to assert any Title Defects for which a Title Defect Notice in substantial compliance with each of the requirements set forth in


	Section 4.2(a)(i)


	–


	(vi)


	above has not been delivered on or before the


	Defect Claim Date.















	(b)



	Remedies


	.  To the extent Purchaser delivers any valid Title Defect Notices prior to the Defect Claim Date, then, subject to the Defect Threshold and Aggregate Defect Deductible, Sellers may, on or before 5:00 p.m. Central Time five Business Days following the Defect Claim Date (the “


	Remedy Period


	”):







	(i)



	elect to cure such Title Defect, which curative work may extend up to 90 days from and after the Closing (the “


	Post-Closing Cure Period


	”);







	(ii)



	notify Purchaser that Sellers do not intend to cure such Title Defect, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Title Defect Amount, as agreed upon by the Parties attributable to such Title Defect; or







	(iii)



	elect to retain the entirety of any Well or Undeveloped Lease that is adversely affected by such Title Defect (including the directly associated Assets reasonably necessary to own, use or operate such Well or Undeveloped Lease, as the case may be) in the event that the Title Defect Amount with respect to such Title Defect exceeds ninety percent (90%) of the Allocated Value of the affected Well or Undeveloped Lease, in which case the affected Well or Undeveloped Lease and directly associated Assets will be become Excluded Assets, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Well or Undeveloped Lease, in each case, including the Allocated Value of any other directly associated Assets so excluded;





	provided

	,

	however

	, that if Sellers fail to elect a remedy prior to the end of the Remedy Period, Sellers shall be deemed to have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	;

	provided further

	that, in the case of Sellers’ election (or deemed election) of the remedies described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	or


	Section 4.2(b)(ii)


	, the Title Defect Properties shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  For any Title Defect with respect to which Sellers and Purchaser agree on the validity of the asserted Title Defect and the Title Defect Amount and for which (1) Sellers have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(ii)


	or (2) Sellers have elected the remedy described in


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	and such Title Defect is not waived by Purchaser or cured by Sellers prior to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, then, in each case, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by the Title Defect Amount of such Title Defect;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that any downward adjustments made pursuant to


	clause (2)


	of this sentence shall be made and accounted for at the time of the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  An election by Sellers to attempt to cure a Title Defect shall be without prejudice to their rights under


	Section 4.4


	and shall not constitute an admission against



	-10-





	interest or a waiver of Sellers’ rights to dispute the existence, nature or value of, or cost to cure, the alleged Title Defect or the adequacy of any Title Defect Notice or any c


	urative action.  No reduction shall be made to the Unadjusted Purchase Price to the extent Sellers have cured any asserted Title Defect


	.  To the extent Sellers partially cure any asserted Title Defect, any reduction to the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall e


	qual the portion of the Title Defect Amount relating to the uncured portion of the subject Title Defect.









	(c)



	The “


	Title Defect Amount


	” resulting from a Title Defect shall be the amount by which the Allocated Values of the adversely affected Title Defect Properties are reduced as a result of the existence of such Title Defect and shall be determined in accordance with the following methodology, terms and conditions:









	(i)



	if Purchaser and Sellers agree on the Title Defect Amount, that amount shall be the Title Defect Amount;















	(ii)



	if the Title Defect is a lien, encumbrance or other charge that is undisputed and liquidated in amount, then the Title Defect Amount shall be the amount necessary to be paid to remove the Title Defect from Sellers’ interest in the affected Title Defect Property;









	(iii)



	with respect to any Well, if the Title Defect reflects a discrepancy between (A) Sellers’ actual Net Revenue Interest for the affected Well and (B) the Net Revenue Interest stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well, and there is a corresponding proportionate decrease in the Working Interest for such Well below that stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well, then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of the Allocated Value of such Well


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the Net Revenue Interest decrease and the denominator of which is the Net Revenue Interest stated in


	Exhibit A-2


	for such Well;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that with respect to any discrepancy in a Reversionary Net Revenue Interest, the Title Defect Amount shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the likely economic effect of the asserted Title Defect over the life of the affected Well;





	(iv)



	with respect to any Undeveloped Lease, if the Title Defect represents a discrepancy between (A) Sellers’ actual Net Acres for the affected Undeveloped Lease and (B) the Net Acres stated on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of the Allocated Value of such Undeveloped Lease


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of such Net Acre decrease and the denominator of which is the Net Acres stated in


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Undeveloped Lease;









	(v)



	with respect to any Undeveloped Lease, if the Title Defect is based on Sellers’ having an actual Net Revenue Interest in such Undeveloped Lease less than the Net Revenue Interest Floor (or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be)


	,


	then the Title Defect Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of


	Allocated Value of such Undeveloped Lease


	multiplied by


	a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount by which the Net Revenue Interest Floor (


	or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be)


	exceeds such actual Net Revenue Interest and the denominator of which is the


	Net Revenue Interest Floor (or the Net Revenue Interest set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Lease, as the case may be);  



	-11-







	(vi)




	if the Title Defect represents an obligation, encumbrance, burden or charge upon or other defect in title to the Title Defect Property of a type not described in


	clauses


	 


	(i)


	,


	(ii)


	,


	(iii)


	,


	(iv)


	or


	(v)


	 above, the Title Defect Amount shall be determined by ta


	king into account the Allocated Value of the Title Defect Property, the portion of the Title Defect Property adversely affected by the Title Defect, the legal effect of the Title Defect, the potential economic effect of the Title Defect over the life of th


	e Title Defect Property, the likelihood and timing of potential capital expenditures over the life of the Title Defect Property, the values placed upon the asserted Title Defect by Purchaser and Sellers and such other factors as are necessary to make a pro


	per evaluation


	;







	(vii)



	the Title Defect Amount with respect to a Title Defect shall be determined without duplication of any costs or losses included in any other Title Defect Amount hereunder or of any amounts for which Purchaser otherwise receives credit in the calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price and shall be calculated in a manner that is net to Sellers’ interest in the applicable Title Defect Property; and







	(viii)



	notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this


	Article


	4


	or any instrument or undertaking delivered pursuant hereto (except in the case of Title Defect Amount(s) under


	Section 4.2(c)(ii)


	attributable to Title Defects arising from


	clause (f)


	of the definition of Defensible Title), the aggregate Title Defect Amounts attributable to the effects of all Title Defects upon any Title Defect Property shall not exceed the Allocated Value of such Title Defect Property.







	(d)



	If Sellers and Purchaser cannot reach an agreement on alleged Title Defects and Title Defect Amounts by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, the provisions of


	Section


	4.4


	shall apply.



	(e)



	The Parties acknowledge that the Leases set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	and


	Exhibit A-3


	are divided into tracts.  


	Exhibit A-3


	sets forth a separate Allocated Value for each subdivision of each Undeveloped Lease.  Reference to the term “Lease” throughout this Agreement will be interpreted to refer to each subdivision of a Lease reflected as a separate line item on


	Exhibit A-1


	and


	Exhibit A-3


	, regardless of whether any particular line item represents an entire Lease or only a particular tract of such Lease.  By way of example only, if an Undeveloped Lease is subdivided into four tracts, then


	Exhibit A-1


	and


	Exhibit A-3


	will identify all the subdivisions of such Undeveloped Lease using four separate line items.  If such Undeveloped Lease is affected by a Title Defect, the “Title Defect Property” will be the specific tracts affected, not necessarily the entire Undeveloped Lease.












































































	Section 4.3




	Title Benefits



	.










	(a)



	Sellers have the right, but not the obligation, to deliver to Purchaser prior to the Closing Date a notice (a “


	Title Benefit Notice


	”) in writing that includes (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Sellers’ basis for, the alleged Title Benefit, (ii) identification of each Well or Undeveloped Lease affected by such Title Benefit (each a “


	Title Benefit Property


	”), (iii) the Allocated Value of each Title Benefit Property, (iv) all documents in Sellers’ possession or control upon which Sellers rely for their assertion of a Title Benefit or references to such



	-12-





	documents to the extent the documents are in Purchaser’s possession, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Sellers to the ext


	ent reasonably necessary for Purchaser to verify the existence of the alleged Title Benefit and (v) the amount by which Sellers reasonably believe the Allocated Value of each Title Benefit Property is increased by such Title Benefit and the computation


	s th


	erefor.  To be valid, each Title Benefit Notice must be substantially in compliance with each of the requirements of the foregoing sentence.









	(b)



	With respect to each Title Benefit Property affected by Title Benefits reported under


	Section 4.3(


	a)


	, any reduction to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	or


	Section 4.4


	for a Title Defect will be offset by an amount (the “


	Title Benefit Amount


	”) equal to the increase in the Allocated Value for the Title Benefit Properties affected by such Title Defect, as determined pursuant to


	Section 4.3(c)


	.  Any such offset shall be made and accounted for in the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  


	For the avoidance of doubt, the Unadjusted Purchase Price may be adjusted for any Title Benefits only as an offset to any Unadjusted Purchase Price adjustments for Title Defects.









	(c)



	The Title Benefit Amount for any Title Benefit shall be calculated using methodology substantially similar to the methodology used to calculate Title Defect Amounts pursuant to


	Section 4.2(c)


	(


	mutatis mutandis


	), with such adjustments as are necessary to permit the Parties to use such calculations and methodologies to determine the amount by which the Allocated Value of the affected Title Benefit Property is increased as a result of the existence of such Title Benefit.







	(d)



	If Sellers and Purchaser cannot reach an agreement on alleged Title Benefits and Title Benefit Amounts by the Closing, the provisions of


	Section


	4.4


	shall apply.


































































































































	Section 4.4




	Title Disputes



	.










	(a)



	Sellers and Purchaser shall attempt to agree on all asserted Title Defects/Title Benefits and Title Defect Amounts/Title Benefit Amounts (including, in each case, the adequacy of notices thereof or any curative actions with respect thereto) prior to the Closing Date. If, by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, Sellers and Purchaser are unable to agree on an alleged Title Defect/Title Benefit or Title Defect Amount/Title Benefit Amount, including the adequacy of any notice thereof or any curative actions with respect thereto (the “


	Disputed Title Matters


	”) such disputes, and only such disputes,




	shall be exclusively and finally resolved in accordance with the following provisions of this


	Section 4.4


	.  Any Asset subject to a Disputed Title Matter shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing, and an amount equal to the alleged Title Defect Amounts/Title Benefit Amounts shall be placed in escrow with the Escrow Agent, and any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price resulting from the expert determination shall be reflected in the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	.  Any initiation of an expert determination of any Disputed Title Matter shall be in accordance only with the following


	subsections (b)


	through


	(k)


	.













	(b)



	No later than ten Business Days following the (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date curative work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, either Party may submit any Disputed Title Matter to expert



	-13-





	determination pursuant to this


	Section 4.4


	by written notice to the other Party, together with all reasonably supporting docume


	ntation in its possession or control regarding such Disputed Title Matter.  If a Party does not submit a notice of expert determination to the other Party in accordance with this


	Section 4.4(b)


	, such Party shall be deemed to have waived all such Disputed T


	itle Matters, which shall be deemed conclusively resolved in accordance with the Title Defect Notice or Title Benefit Notice or subsequent correspondence


	between the Parties.









	(c)



	By not later than ten Business Days after a Party’s receipt of a written description of any Disputed Title Matters,




	such Party shall provide to the initiating Party a written response setting forth its position with respect to such Disputed Title Matters, together with all reasonably supporting documentation in its possession or control.









	(d)



	There shall be a single title expert (the “


	Title Expert


	”), who shall be an attorney with at least 15 years of experience examining oil and gas titles in the region of Texas in which the Assets are located.  Within two Business Days following the initiating Party’s receipt of the other Party’s response as described in


	Section 4.4(c)


	, Sellers and Purchaser shall each exchange lists of three acceptable, qualified title experts, and shall certify that each potential title expert set forth on its list has not, and such title expert’s firm has not, represented the certifying Party or any of its Affiliates within the previous two years.  Within two Business Days following the exchange of lists of acceptable title experts, Sellers and Purchaser shall select by mutual agreement the Title Expert from their original lists of three acceptable title experts.  If no such agreement is reached, the Houston office of the American Arbitration Association shall select a title expert from the original lists provided by Sellers and Purchaser to serve as the Title Expert.











	(e)



	Within two Business Days following the selection and engagement of the Title Expert, the Parties shall submit to the Title Expert one copy of (i) this Agreement, with specific reference to this


	Section 4.4


	, the other applicable provisions of this


	Article


	4


	and any defined terms in


	Appendix A


	relevant to this


	Article


	4


	, (ii) the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed Title Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 4.4(b)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the other Party and (iii) the other Party’s written response to the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed Title Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 4.4(c)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the initiating Party.  


	The Title Expert shall resolve the Disputed Title Matters based only on the foregoing submissions.  Neither Purchaser nor Sellers shall have the right to submit additional documentation to the Title Expert or to demand discovery on the other Party.  







	(f)



	The Title Expert, once appointed, shall have no


	ex parte


	communications with any Party concerning the determination required hereunder.  All communications between any Party and the Title Expert shall be conducted in writing, with copies sent simultaneously to the other Parties in the same manner, or at a meeting in Houston, Texas, to which the representatives of all Parties have been invited and of which such Parties have been provided at least five days’ written notice.











	(g)



	The Parties will instruct the Title Expert to make his determination by written decision within 15 Business Days following submission of the Disputed Title Matters to the Title Expert pursuant to


	Section 4.4(e)


	, which shall be final and binding upon the Parties, without right of appeal.  In making the determination, the Title Expert shall be bound by the rules set forth in



	-14-





	this


	Article


	4


	.  The Title Expert may consult with and engage disinterested Third Parties to advise the Title Expert but shall disclose to the Parties the identities of any such consultants.  Any such consultant shall not have


	worked as an employee of or consultant for either Party or its Affiliates during the two-year period preceding the expert determination and shall not have any financial interest in the dispute.  The written finding of the Title Expert will set forth the Ti


	tle Expert’s finding, if applicable, as to (A) whether the subject Title Defect exists or has been cured and, subject to the following sentence, the resulting Title Defect Amount, (B) the existence of the asserted Title Benefit and, subject to the followin


	g sentence, corresponding Title Benefit Amount, (C) the deficiencies in any notice of the foregoing and the specific supplemental information that, if provided, would cause such notice to be in compliance with the terms of


	Section 4.2(a)


	, and/or (D) the ad


	equacy of any title curative action, including any such additional curative actions necessary to cure properly any asserted Title Defect, as applicable, in each case, including the Title Expert’s rationale for the determination.  With respect to a Title De


	fect Amount or Title Benefit Amount, the Title Expert shall be limited to awarding only the final amount proposed by either Party in its submissions provided pursuant to


	Section 4.4(e)


	.  The Title Expert shall make a separate and independent determination


	with respect to each Disputed Title Matter submitted and shall provide a detailed written finding supporting such determination.


	  For the avoidance of doubt, the submission of a Disputed Title Matter for interim determination (


	e.g.


	,




	a determination about t


	he adequacy of a Title Defect Notice) shall not prohibit any Party from subsequently disputing the existence of an asserted Title Defect or Title Benefit, the corresponding Title Defect Amount or Title Benefit Amount or the adequacy of any curative actions


	taken with respect to an asserted Title Defect, unless the Title Expert has already made a determination with respect to such matters.







	(h)



	The Title Expert shall act as an expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed Title Defects or Title Benefits and shall not be empowered to award Damages, interest or penalties to either Party with respect to any matter.







	(i)



	Each Party shall bear its own legal fees and other costs of preparing and presenting its case. The costs of the Title Expert shall be borne (i) by Sellers in a ratio equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate amount awarded by the Title Expert in favor of Purchaser, and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the Title Defects Amounts submitted for determination to the Title Expert, and (ii) the remainder by Purchaser.









	(j)



	Subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, any amounts determined to be owed by either Party shall be accounted for in the final determination of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	and Sellers and Purchaser shall deliver documentation to the Escrow Agent required to release the amounts determined by the Title Expert to be owed to either Party


	.  Any alleged Title Defects/Title Benefits determined not to be Title Defects/Title Benefits under the decision of the Title Expert shall be final and binding as not being Title Defects/Title Benefits, and any such decision of the Title Expert shall be enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.











	(k)



	Any dispute over the interpretation or application of this


	Section 4.4


	shall be decided by the Title Expert with reference to the Laws of the State of Texas.  The Parties intend that the procedures set forth in this


	Section


	4.4


	shall not constitute or be handled as arbitration



	-15-





	proceedings under the Federal Arbitration Act or any applicable state arbitration act and that the provisions of this


	Section 4.4


	shall be specifically enforceable.


































































	Section 4.5




	Limitations on Applicability



	.










	(a)



	This


	Article 4


	,


	the special warranty of title provided in the Conveyances and the Deeds and


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)




	for breaches by Sellers of the Specified Representations shall comprise, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the exclusive rights an




	d remedies of Purchaser with respect to Title Defects.













	(b)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall there be any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies available in respect of Title Defects under thi


	s


	Article 4








	unless


	the sum of (i) all such Title Defect Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold and (ii) 


	all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions that exceed the Defect Threshold


	exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible, beyond which point, Purchaser shall be entitled to adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies elected by Sellers in accordance with this


	Article 4


	only to the extent that the sum of such Title Defect Amounts and such Remediation Amounts exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible.  







	(c)



	In the event (i) Purchaser is entitled to a remedy pursuant to


	clause (b)


	above and such remedy is that a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser or (ii) a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, the Allocated Value of any such removed Property shall not be included in the Aggregate Defect Deductible


	.



	(d)



	The Parties acknowledge and agree that a Title Defect may affect multiple Properties and in such event the Parties acknowledge and agree, for the avoidance of doubt, that if the Title Defect Amount associated therewith (which shall be the aggregate reduction in Allocated Value of all affected Properties) exceeds the Defect Threshold then, subject to the Aggregate Defect Deductible, Purchaser shall be entitled to the remedies provided in this


	Article 


	4


	.



	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or the JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement, in the event a Title Defect hereunder additionally constitutes a Title Defect under the JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement, then, for such Title Defect, the “Defect Threshold” referenced in


	Section 4.5(b)


	of this Agreement shall be equal to $15,000.00 and the “Defect Threshold” in Section 4.5(b) of the JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement shall be equal to $60,000.00.


























































































	Section 4.6




	Consents to Assignment and Preferential Rights to Purchase



	.










	(a)



	As soon as reasonably practicable following the Execution Date but in any event no later than ten Business Days following the Execution Date, Sellers shall send (i) notice to the holder of any consent to assignment or similar approval necessary for the Parties to complete the transactions as contemplated hereby that will be triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any Required Consents but excluding the Customary Post-Closing Consents), requesting consents to the Conveyances and (ii) notice to



	-16-





	any Third Party holder of any Preferential Right


	to Purchase that is triggered by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement


	(each notice to be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser)


	, requesting waiver of such Preferential Right to Purchase, in each case, in accordance with the co


	ntractual requirements pertaining to each consent to assignment, approval right and Preferential Right to Purchase.  Any such Preferential Right to Purchase must be exercised subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including the su


	ccessful Closing pursuant to


	Article 10


	as to those Assets for which such Preferential Right to Purchase has not been exercised.  The consideration payable under this Agreement for any particular Asset for purposes of Preferential Right to Purchase notices


	shall be the Allocated Value for such Asset, subject to adjustment as described in


	Section 3.4


	.  Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consents and approvals and waivers of such Preferential Rights to Purchase (or the exercise t


	hereof) prior to the Closing


	;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that Sellers shall not be required to (i) make payments or (ii) remain liable for (post-closing) or undertake obligations to or for the benefit of the holders of such rights in order to obtain any such conse


	nt, approval or waiver.  Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with Sellers in seeking to obtain such consents and approvals and waivers of Preferential Rights to Purchase, which cooperation will include providing evidence of creditworthiness.  Subject to


	c


	lauses (b)


	and


	(c)


	below, if Sellers are unable to obtain such consents, approvals or waivers by the Closing Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such consents, approvals or waivers after the Closing.



















	(b)









	Required Consents


	.













	(i)



	If any Contract or Surface Agreement is subject to a Required Consent and such Required Consent has not been obtained prior to the Closing or is subject to a Soft Consent and such Soft Consent is denied in writing (and the holder gives a reason for such denial in writing) prior to the Closing (such Required Consents and Soft Consents, the “


	Unobtained Contract Consents


	”), (A) such Contract or Surface Agreement, as applicable will be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and will be treated as an Excluded Asset, and (B) except in the case of any AESC Contract, Purchaser may request that Sellers execute and deliver such instruments and take such other actions as Purchaser may reasonably request to carry out the intent of this Agreement and the transfer of any Property and its related Assets related to such Contract or Surface Agreement, as applicable, including, to the extent reasonably practicable, the execution of back-to-back agreements to effect the transfer to Purchaser of the benefits to and burdens on Sellers under the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that entering into such back-to-back agreements does not: (x) expressly result in a breach of the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent, (y) result in a violation of Law by Sellers or (z) impose a burden on Sellers that is materially disproportionate to the benefit received by Purchaser under the Contract or Surface Agreement subject to such Unobtained Contract Consent (such arrangements, the “


	Back-to-Back Arrangements


	”). Sellers’ obligation to perform Back-to-Back Arrangements with respect to any Contract or Surface Agreement pursuant to this


	Section 4.6(b)(i)


	will terminate upon the earlier of (x) the Cut-off Date, (y) the date that the Unobtained Contract Consent with respect to such Contract or Surface Agreement is obtained and (z) the date Purchaser notifies Sellers that it has made alternative arrangements that vitiate the need for such Contract or Surface Agreement, which notice shall be provided by Purchaser as soon as practicable after such alternative arrangements are made (


	provided


	that such Contract or Surface Agreement does not prohibit such alternative arrangement).  If Purchaser is assigned the Property or Properties to



	-17-





	which such Contract or Surface Agreement relates, but such Contract or Surface Agreement is not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this


	Section 4.6(b)(i)


	, Sellers shall continue after the Closing to use commercially rea


	sonable efforts to obtain any Unobtained Contract Consents that have not been affirmatively denied so that such Contract or Surface Agreement can be transferred to Purchaser;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that if Sellers are unable to obtain such Unobtained Contract


	Consent by the Cut-off Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such Unobtained Contract Consent and, at Purchaser’s election, unless the affected Contract is an AESC Contract or another midstream or marketing Contract, the affected


	Contract or Surface Agreement shall be assigned to Purchaser by Sellers.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Damages arising from or relating to any such assignment shall be Assumed Purchaser Obligations and not Retained Seller Obligations.


	  


	If Purchaser doe


	s not so elect (or if such Contract is an AESC Contract or another midstream or marketing Contract), the affected Contract or Surface Agreement shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes


	.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any con


	sents to assign and related liability releases under the AESC Contracts will be considered “Required Consents” for all purposes hereunder.







	(ii)



	If any Lease is subject to a Required Consent and such Required Consent has not been obtained prior to the Closing or is subject to a Soft Consent and such Soft Consent is denied in writing (and the holder gives a reason for such denial in writing) prior to the Closing (such Required Consents and Soft Consents, the “


	Unobtained Lease Consents


	”), then, in each case, (i) the affected Lease and the Assets directly associated with the Lease shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets and (ii) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Allocated Value of such excluded Lease and directly associated Assets, if any.  If such Unobtained Lease Consent is subsequently obtained prior to the Cut-off Date, then Sellers shall notify Purchaser and an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following receipt of such consent at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Lease and related Assets that were excluded at Closing to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and (B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis


	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  In the event of such assignment, the term “Closing Date” with respect to any such Assets shall mean the date of assignment of such Assets from Sellers to Purchaser.  If such Unobtained Lease Consent is not obtained by the Cut-off Date, Sellers shall have no further obligation to seek to obtain such Unobtained Lease Consent and, at Purchaser’s election, an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following such election at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Lease and its directly associated Assets that were excluded at the Closing to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and (B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis


	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Damages arising from or relating to any such assignment shall be Assumed Purchaser Obligations and not Retained Seller Obligations.  If Purchaser does not so elect, the affected Lease and its directly associated Assets shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes.





	(iii)



	For purposes of this


	Section 4.6(b)


	, a Required Consent shall be deemed obtained if the Person holding the Required Consent grants consent or is deemed to have consented pursuant to the terms of the document in which the Required Consent is contained.  For the avoidance of doubt, if Sellers do not obtain consent from the holder of any Soft Consent,



	-18-





	then, except for those Soft Consents constituting Unobtained Contract Consents or Unobtained Lease Consents, the underlying Asset shall be conveyed to Purchaser at Closing and S


	ellers shall not be liable for failure to obtain such Soft Consent.





























	(c)



	Preferential Rights to Purchase


	.







	(i)



	If, prior to the Closing, the holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase that will be triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (A) notifies Sellers that it intends to exercise its Preferential Right to Purchase or (B) has failed to exercise or waive its Preferential Right to Purchase, and the time for such exercise or waiver has not yet expired, (i) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be decreased by the Allocated Value for such Asset and (ii) the affected Asset shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed an Excluded Asset under this Agreement for all purposes.  In such case, Sellers shall retain the consideration paid by the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase and shall have no further obligation with respect to the affected Asset under this Agreement.







	(ii)



	If, on the Closing Date, any holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has failed to exercise or waive its Preferential Right to Purchase as to any portion of the Assets and the time for such exercise or waiver has expired, the affected Assets shall be transferred to Purchaser at the Closing.







	(iii)



	If, following the Closing but prior to the date that is


	90 days following the Closing


	, the holder of a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (A) who exercised such right fails to consummate the purchase in accordance with the applicable agreement or (B) fails to exercise or waive such right and the time for such exercise or waiver has expired, in each case, Sellers shall notify Purchaser and an additional Closing shall be held within five Business Days following such failure at which (A) Sellers shall sell, assign and convey the affected Assets to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and (B) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (


	mutatis mutandis)


	in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	.  In the event of such assignment, the term “Closing Date” with respect to any such Assets shall mean the date of assignment of such Assets from Sellers to Purchaser.  


	Following


	the date that is


	90 days following the Closing, Sellers shall have no further obligation to sell and convey any Assets subject to a Preferential Right to Purchase triggered by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which have not yet been conveyed to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 4.6(c)


	, and Purchaser shall have no further obligation to accept and pay for such Assets, and such Assets shall be deemed Excluded Assets under this Agreement for all purposes.











	(iv)



	If the Parties inadvertently close on any Asset burdened by a Preferential Right to Purchase that is triggered by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, either (A) without having provided the required notification to the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase or (B) without such holder having waived such Preferential Right to Purchase or the time period for the exercise of such Preferential Right to Purchase having expired, and, after the Closing, the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase successfully



	-19-





	exercises such Preferential Right to Purchase, then Purchaser shall convey such Asset directly to the holder of such Preferential Right to Purchase and shall be entitled to retain all proceeds pa


	id for the affected Asset by the holder of the Preferential Right to Purchase.







	(d)



	Customary Post-Closing Consents


	.  Purchaser, within 30 days after the Closing, shall file for approval with the applicable Governmental Bodies all assignment documents and other state transfer documents required to effectuate the transfer of the Assets.  Purchaser further agrees promptly after the Closing to take all other actions reasonably required of it by Governmental Bodies having jurisdiction to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals with respect to this transaction, and to use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain the approval by such Governmental Bodies, as applicable, of Sellers’ assignment documents requiring approval from such Governmental Body in order for Purchaser to be recognized by such Governmental Body as the owner of the Assets.  Sellers shall provide Purchaser with the resignation and designation of operator instruments, and Purchaser shall provide Sellers with approved copies of the assignment documents and other state transfer documents within ten Business Days of the receipt of such items by Purchaser.






































































































	Section 4.7




	Casualty Loss or Condemnation









	.




	(a)



	If, after the Execution Date but prior to the Closing Date, any portion of the Assets is affected by Casualty Losses and the Damages as a result of such Casualty Losses exceed, in the aggregate,


	$1,500,000.00,


	Purchaser shall nevertheless be required to close, subject to


	Section 9.2(f)


	, and the Sellers whose Assets are affected by such Casualty Losses shall elect by written notice to Purchaser prior to the Closing to (i) cause the Assets adversely affected by such Casualty Losses to be repaired or restored to at least their condition prior to such Casualty Losses, at the affected Sellers’ (or Seller’s) sole cost and expense, as promptly as reasonably practicable, (ii) indemnify Purchaser against any costs or expenses that Purchaser reasonably incurs to repair or restore the Assets subject to any such Casualty Losses to the condition such Assets were in prior to such Casualty Losses, provided that Purchaser has consented to accept such indemnity or (iii) make an appropriate monetary adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price reflecting the cost to repair or restore the Assets adversely effected by such Casualty Losses to at least their condition prior to such Casualty Losses, or if such Casualty Losses are not capable of being repaired or restored, then the “reduction in value” caused by such Casualty Losses;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that such “reduction in value” shall not exceed any amount mutually agreed upon by the Parties as the reasonable cost of repair;


	provided




	further


	, that in no event will any calculation of Damages, cost of repair or reduction in value hereunder take into account any loss of production or changes in production as a result of such Casualty Loss, through an emergency shut-in or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall only be entitled to a remedy in respect of Casualty Losses pursuant to the foregoing sentence to the extent, and only to the extent, such Casualty Losses exceed


	$1,500,000.00


	;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that with respect to any portion of such Casualty Losses that does not exceed


	$1,500,000.00,


	Purchaser shall be entitled to all sums paid to Sellers by Third Parties by reason of such Casualty Losses and all of Sellers’ right, title and interest (if any) in unpaid awards, condemnation payments, rights to insurance and other rights and claims against Third Parties (other than Persons within the Seller Group) arising out of such Casualty Losses.



	-20-













	(b)




	If, after the Execution Date but prior to the Closing Date, any portion of the Assets is t


	aken in condemnation or under right of eminent domain by any Governmental Body, (i) the affected Asset shall be excluded from the Assets conveyed at the Closing and shall be deemed an Excluded Asset and (ii) the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be decreased


	by the Allocated Value for such Asset.  If any action for condemnation or taking under right of eminent domain is pending or threatened with respect to any portion of the Assets after the Execution Date, but no taking of such Asset occurs prior to the Clo


	sing Date, Sellers shall, at the Closing, sell, assign and convey to Purchaser, or subrogate Purchaser to Sellers’ right, title and interest (if any) in such taking, including any insurance claims, unpaid awards and other rights against Third Parties (othe


	r than claims against Persons within the Seller Group) arising out of the taking, insofar as they are attributable to the Assets (or portions thereof) threatened to be taken.





































































































































	ARTICLE 5




































































































































	ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS






























































































































	Section 5.1




	Adverse Environmental Conditions



	.










	(a)



	To assert a claim of an Adverse Environmental Condition, Purchaser must deliver a claim notice to Sellers (each, an “


	Environmental Condition Notice


	”) at or prior to 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the Defect Claim Date.  To be valid, each Environmental Condition Notice shall be in writing and shall include (i) a description of, and a reasonable explanation of Purchaser’s basis for, the alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, including a description of any standards that Purchaser asserts must be met to comply with Environmental Laws, (ii) identification of each Asset adversely affected by the Adverse Environmental Condition (each, an “


	Environmental Defect Property


	”), (iii) the Allocated Value of each Environmental Defect Property, (iv) all documents in Purchaser’s possession or control upon which Purchaser relies for its assertion of an Adverse Environmental Condition, including, at a minimum, supporting documents available to Purchaser to the extent reasonably necessary for Sellers to verify the existence of the alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, and (v) the Remediation Amount that Purchaser asserts is attributable to such alleged Adverse Environmental Condition and the computations


	therefor.  To be valid, each Environmental Condition Notice must be substantially in compliance with each of the requirements of the foregoing sentence


	.  For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser may not assert any Adverse Environmental Condition to the extent constituting a Disclosed Environmental Condition, which are set forth on


	Schedule 5.1


	.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, but without limitation of Purchaser’s rights and remedies pursuant to


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	for breaches of the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, Purchaser will be deemed to have waived its right to assert any Adverse Environmental Conditions for which an Environmental Condition Notice


	in substantial compliance with each of the requirements set forth in


	Section 5.1(a)(i)


	–


	(v)


	above


	has not been delivered on or before the Defect Claim Date.













	(b)



	Remedies


	.  To the extent Purchaser delivers any valid Environmental Condition Notice in accordance with


	Section 5.1(a)


	prior to the Defect Claim Date, then, subject to the Defect Threshold and Aggregate Defect Deductible, Sellers may, on or before the end of the Remedy Period, elect any of the following remedies:



	-21-











	(i)




	Notify Purchaser that they intend to Remediate such Adverse Environmental Condition and undertake such Remediation, which Remediation work may extend to the end of the Post-Clos


	ing Cure Period under a mutually agreeable form of access agreement containing reciprocal forms of the applicable terms binding upon Purchaser in


	Section 8.1


	, in which case Sellers shall retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly ass


	ociated Assets) at the Closing, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by the Allocated Value (if any) of such Environmental Defect Property and any other directly associated Assets so retained;









	(ii)



	Notify Purchaser that they do not intend to Remediate such Adverse Environmental Condition, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Remediation Amount, as agreed upon by the Parties or determined by the Environmental Expert, attributable to such Environmental Defect; or







	(iii)



	To the extent the alleged Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) or the portion thereof subject to the Adverse Environmental Condition (at which point such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) or portion so retained will become an Excluded Asset), and reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price by an amount equal to the Allocated Value, if any, of such Environmental Defect Property, or portion thereof, and any other directly associated Assets so retained;





	provided

	,

	however

	, that if Sellers fail to elect a remedy prior to the end of the Remedy Period, Sellers shall be deemed to have elected the remedy described in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	;

	provided further

	that in the case of Seller’s election of the remedy described in


	Section 5.1(b)(ii)


	, the applicable Environmental Defect Properties shall be conveyed to Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Remediation Amount of such Adverse Environmental Condition.  In the event that Sellers have elected the remedy in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	and (i) such Adverse Environmental Condition is Remediated at or prior to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, within five Business days after such completion, Sellers shall convey the affected Environmental Defect Property (and its directly associated Assets) to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance) and Purchaser will pay to Sellers an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Assets, adjusted (

	mutatis mutandis

	) in accordance with


	Section 3.4


	or (ii) such Adverse Environmental Condition is not fully Remediated prior to the expiration of the Post-Closing Cure Period, then within five Business days after such expiration, Sellers shall elect to either (A) convey the Environmental Defect Property to Purchaser (in accordance with the provisions of


	clause (i)


	of this sentence, except that Purchaser shall pay Sellers an amount for such Assets equal to their Allocated Value

	less

	the remaining Remediation Amount or, if the remaining Remediation Amount is greater than the adjusted Allocated Value of such Assets, Sellers shall pay Purchaser the amount of such excess) or (B) to the extent the remaining Remediation Amount asserted by Purchaser is greater than $500,000.00, retain such Environmental Defect Property and its directly associated Assets permanently.  An election by Sellers to attempt to Remediate an Adverse Environmental Condition shall be without prejudice to their rights under


	Section 5.2


	and shall not constitute an admission against interest or a waiver of Sellers’ right to dispute the existence, nature or value of, or cost to Remediate, the alleged



	-22-





	Adverse Environmental Condition or the adequacy of any Environmental Condition Notice or any curative action.













	(c)



	If Sellers select the remedy in


	Section 5.1(b)(i)


	or 


	Section 5.1(b)(ii)


	and Purchaser waives such Adverse Environmental Condition or Sellers fail to Remediate and the Unadjusted Purchase Price is adjusted for such Adverse Environmental Condition, then in each case Purchaser shall be deemed to have assumed responsibility for Remediation of such Adverse Environmental Condition and such Adverse Environmental Condition and all liabilities with respect thereto shall be deemed to constitute Assumed Purchaser Obligations.  With respect to any provision of this


	Article 5


	that refers to any Remediation completed by Sellers, Sellers will be deemed to have adequately completed the Remediation upon mutual agreement of the Parties that the Remediation has been implemented to the extent necessary to comply with Environmental Laws applicable;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that




	if the Parties cannot reach an agreement, the issue of whether the Remediation is completed may be resolved by the dispute resolution procedures set forth in


	Section 5.2


	.  Without limitation of Purchaser’s rights and remedies pursuant to


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	for breaches of the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, following the completion of any Remediation in accordance with this


	Section 5.1(c)


	, Purchaser shall have no further remedies against Sellers with respect to the Remediation of the applicable Adverse Environmental Condition or the corresponding Remediation Amount.





























































	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, including this


	Article 5


	, in the event the Remediation Amount for an alleged Environmental Conditions exceeds $500,000.00, then Purchaser shall have the right to elect ((X) prior to Closing, if (i) the Parties have agreed on the Remediation Amount prior to Closing or (ii) Purchaser believes in good faith the Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, or (Y) promptly following the Environmental Expert’s decision, if there is a related Disputed Environmental Matter) to exclude such Environmental Defect Property and its directly associated Assets from the transactions contemplated hereby; in which case Sellers shall retain such Environmental Defect Property (including any directly associated Assets) at the Closing, and the Unadjusted Purchase Price will be reduced by the Allocated Value (if any, and as adjusted hereunder) of such Environmental Defect Property and any other directly associated Assets so retained.  For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser’s remedies under this


	Section 5.1(d)


	shall be subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible.





	(e)



	With respect to the Adverse Environmental Conditions affecting the Current Remediation Matter, from and after the  Closing Date, at no cost or expense to the Purchaser Group, the Sellers shall diligently and timely undertake all necessary activities to implement and complete the Remediation thereof in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws.  The Parties, at Closing, shall sign the Site Access Agreement to permit the continuing conduct of such Remediation after the Closing Date.  Such Remediation will be deemed complete in accordance with the standard set forth in


	Section 5.1(c)


	, and if a dispute arises regarding whether the Remediation is complete, such dispute may be resolved by the dispute resolution procedures set forth in


	Section 5.2


	(


	mutatis mutandis


	), as if the disputed Remediation were a Disputed Environmental Matter, except that (i) the Assets that are the subject of the Current Remediation Matter will not be retained by Seller, (ii) the deadline for submission to the Environmental Expert by any Party will be the date that is twenty Business Days after Sellers have notified the



	-23-





	Purchaser in writing that the Remediation is complete and that Sellers demand that Purchaser exercise dispute resolution if Purchaser disagrees, (iii) the Environmental Expert’s sole findings shall be regarding w


	hether such Remediation is complete, and if not, the manner in which Sellers’ Remediation is deficient, in which case, as the Parties’ only remedy therefor, Seller shall be obligated to complete such Remediation in accordance with the Environmental Expert’


	s findings, and (iv) if the Environmental Expert agrees that Remediation of the Adverse Environmental Conditions affecting the Current Remediation Matter is not complete, Sellers will bear all of the costs of the Environmental Expert resolving the subject


	dispute whereas if the Environmental Expert agrees that Remediation of the Adverse Environmental Conditions affecting the Current Remediation Matter is complete, then Purchaser shall bear all of the costs of the Environmental Expert resolving the subject d


	ispute.


























	Section 5.2




	Adverse Environmental Condition Disputes



	.










	(a)



	Sellers and Purchaser shall attempt to agree on all asserted Adverse Environmental Conditions and Remediation Amounts prior to the Closing Date.  If, by (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date Remediation work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, Sellers and Purchaser are unable to agree on an alleged Adverse Environmental Condition, on the completion of Remediation or on an alleged Remediation Amount (including, in each case, the adequacy of notices thereof or any Remediation actions with respect thereto) (the “


	Disputed Environmental Matters


	”) such disputes, and only such disputes, shall be exclusively and finally resolved in accordance with the following provisions of this


	Section 5.2


	.  Any Asset subject to a Disputed Environmental Matter at the Closing shall be retained by Sellers at Closing and an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Asset shall be placed in escrow with the Escrow Agent.  Any initiation of an expert determination of any Disputed Environmental Matter shall only be in accordance with the following provisions.























	(b)



	No later than twenty Business Days following the (i) the Closing Date or (ii) solely with respect to any disputes over the adequacy of Sellers’ post-Closing Date Remediation work, the end of the Post-Closing Cure Period, either Party may submit any Disputed Environmental Matter to expert determination pursuant to this


	Section 5.2


	by written notice to the other Party, together with all reasonably supporting documentation of such Disputed Environmental Matter.  If a Party does not submit a notice of expert determination to the other Party in accordance with this


	Section 5.2(b)


	, such Party shall be deemed to have waived all such Disputed Environmental Matters, which shall be deemed conclusively resolved in accordance with the other Party’s written position in the Environmental Condition Notice or subsequent correspondence between the Parties.









	(c)



	By not later than twenty Business Days after a Party’s receipt of a written description of any Disputed Environmental Matters, such Party shall provide to the initiating Party a written response setting forth its position with respect to such Disputed Environmental Matters, together with all reasonably supporting documentation.











	(d)



	There shall be a single environmental expert (the “


	Environmental Expert


	”), who shall be an environmental consultant




	with at least ten years’ experience examining environmental matters involving oil and gas producing properties in the region in Texas in which the Assets are



	-24-





	located.  Within two Business Days following the initiating Party’s receipt of the other Party’s response as described in


	Section 5.2(c)


	, Sellers and Purchaser shall each exchange


	lists of three acceptable, qualified environmental experts, and shall certify that each potential environmental expert set forth on its list has not, and such environmental expert’s firm has not, represented the certifying Party or any of its Affiliates w


	ithin the previous two years.  Within two Business Days following the exchange of lists of environmental experts, Sellers and Purchaser shall select by mutual agreement the Environmental Expert from their original lists of three acceptable environmental ex


	perts.  If no such agreement is reached, the Houston office of the American Arbitration Association shall select an environmental expert from the original lists provided by Sellers and Purchaser to serve as the Environmental Expert.









	(e)



	Within two Business Days following the selection and engagement of the Environmental Expert, the Parties shall submit to the Environmental Expert one copy of (i) this Agreement, with specific reference to this


	Section 5.2


	, the other applicable provisions of this


	Article 5


	and any defined terms in


	Appendix A


	relevant to this


	Article 5


	, (ii) the initiating Party’s written description of the Disputed Environmental Matters provided pursuant to


	Section 5.2(b)


	, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the other Party and (iii) the other Party’s written response to the initiating party’s written description of the Disputed Environmental Matters, together with the supporting documents that were provided to the initiating Party.  The Environmental Expert shall resolve the Disputed Environmental Matters based only on the foregoing submissions.  Neither Purchaser nor Sellers shall have the right to submit additional documentation to the Environmental Expert or to demand discovery on the other Party.







	(f)



	The Environmental Expert, once appointed and engaged, shall have no


	ex parte


	communications with any Party concerning the determination required hereunder.  All communications between any Party and the Environmental Expert shall be conducted in writing, with copies sent simultaneously to the other Parties in the same manner, or at a meeting in Houston, Texas, to which the representatives of all Parties have been invited and of which such Parties have been provided at least five days’ written notice.













	(g)



	The Parties will instruct the Environmental Expert to make his determination by written decision within 15 Business Days following submission of the Disputed Environmental Matters to the Environmental Expert, which shall be final and binding upon the Parties, without right of appeal and shall be enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.  In making the determination, the Environmental Expert shall be bound by the rules set forth in this


	Article 5


	.  The Environmental Expert may consult with and engage disinterested Third Parties to advise the Environmental Expert but shall disclose to the Parties the identities of such consultants.  Any such consultant shall not have worked as an employee of or consultant for either Party or its Affiliates during the two-year period preceding the expert determination and shall not have any financial interest in the dispute.  The written finding of the Environmental Expert will set forth the Environmental Expert’s finding, if applicable, as to (A) whether the subject Adverse Environmental Condition exists or has been Remediated and, subject to the following sentence, the resulting Remediation Amount, (B) the deficiencies in any notice of the foregoing and the specific supplemental information that, if provided, would cause such notice to be in compliance with the terms of


	Section 5.1(a)


	and/or (C) the adequacy of any Remediation action, including any such additional Remediation actions necessary to Remediate properly any



	-25-





	asserted Adverse Environmental Condition, as applicable, in eac


	h case, including the Environmental Expert’s rationale for the determination.  With respect to a Remediation Amount, the Environmental Expert shall be limited to awarding only the final amount proposed by either Party in its submissions provided pursuant t


	o


	Section 5.2(e)


	.  The Environmental Expert shall make a separate and independent determination with respect to each Disputed Environmental Matter submitted and shall provide a detailed written finding supporting such determination.


	For the avoidance of d


	oubt, the submission of a Disputed Environmental Matter for interim determination (


	e.g.


	, a determination about the adequacy of an Environmental Condition Notice) shall not prohibit any Party from subsequently disputing the existence of an asserted Adverse


	Environmental Condition, the Remediation Amount or the adequacy of any Remediation actions taken with respect to an asserted Adverse Environmental Condition unless the Environmental Expert has already made a determination with respect to such matters.







	(h)



	The Environmental Expert shall act as an expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed Adverse Environmental Conditions and shall not be empowered to award Damages, interest or penalties to either Party with respect to any matter.







	(i)



	Each Party shall each bear its own legal fees and other costs of preparing and presenting its case.  The costs of the Environmental Expert shall be borne (i) by Sellers in a ratio equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate Remediation Amounts awarded by the Environmental Expert in Purchaser’s favor, and the denominator of which is the aggregate amount of the associated Remediation Amounts submitted for determination to the Environmental Expert, and (ii) the remainder by Purchaser.





	(j)



	After the Environmental Expert’s determination is delivered as set forth in


	Section 5.2(g)


	, Sellers shall promptly elect whether (i) if the Remediation Amount exceeds $500,000.00, to


	retain the entirety of the Environmental Defect Property that is subject to such


	Disputed Environmental Matter


	, together with all associated Assets, and reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price by the Allocated Value of such Environmental Defect Property and associated Assets (in which case such Environmental Defect Property and such associated Assets shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets hereunder) or


	(ii) to reduce the Unadjusted Purchase Price as set forth in the immediately following sentence, in which case, Sellers shall convey the affected Environmental Defect Property (and its directly associated Assets) to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (using the form of Conveyance).  Subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible, any amounts determined to be owed by either Party shall be accounted for in the final determination of the Adjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, and Sellers and Purchaser shall deliver documentation to the Escrow Agent required to release the amounts determined by the Environmental Expert to be owed to either Party


	.  Any alleged Adverse Environmental Conditions determined not to be Adverse Environmental Conditions under the decision of the Environmental Expert shall be final and binding as not being Adverse Environmental Conditions.









	(k)



	Any dispute over the interpretation or application of this


	Section 5.2


	shall be decided by the Environmental Expert with reference to the Laws of the State of Texas.  The Parties intend that the procedures set forth in this


	Section 5.2


	shall not constitute or be handled as arbitration proceedings under the Federal Arbitration Act or any applicable state arbitration act, and that the provisions of this


	Section 5.2


	shall be specifically enforceable.



	-26-

































































	Section 5.3




	Limitations on Applicability



	.






	(a)



	This


	Article 5


	shall comprise, subject to Purchaser’s rights under this Agreement with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in


	Section 6.21


	(and


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)




	for breaches thereof), and the Retained Seller Obligations, and the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the exclusive rights and remedies of Purchaser with respect to Adverse Environmental Conditions or any other environmental matter with respect to any Asset.















	(b)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall there be any adjustments to the Unadjusted






	Purchase Price or other remedies (except with respect to the Current Remediation Matter) available in respect of Adverse Environmental Conditions under this


	Article 5




	unless the sum of (i) all such Remediation Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold


	and


	(ii) all such Title Defect Amounts that exceed the Defect Threshold exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible, after which point Purchaser shall be entitled to adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price or other remedies elected by Sellers in accordance with this


	Article 5




	only to the extent that the sum of such Remediation Amounts and such Title Defect Amounts exceeds the Aggregate Defect Deductible.



	(c)



	In the event (i) Purchaser is entitled to a remedy pursuant to


	clause (b)


	above and such remedy is that a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser or (ii) a Property is removed from this transaction or not transferred to Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	,




	Section 4.6(c)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, the Allocated Value of any such removed Property shall not be included in the Aggregate Defect Deductible


	.







































































































	ARTICLE 6






































































































	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS





	Subject to the disclaimers and waivers contained in, and the other terms and conditions of, this Agreement, Sellers represent and warrant to Purchaser as follows as of the Execution Date:











































































	Section 6.1




	Organization and Power



	.  Each Seller (a) is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, the State of Texas, to the extent such qualification is required by applicable Law and (b) has all requisite power and authority to own, lease, operate and use the assets and properties currently owned, leased, operated and owned by it, including the Assets.





































































	Section 6.2




	Authorization and Enforceability







	.  Each Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other instruments and agreements to be executed and delivered by it as contemplated hereby and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all documents required to be executed and delivered by Sellers at the Closing, and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability action on the part of Sellers.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Sellers (and all documents required hereunder to be executed and delivered by Sellers at the Closing will be duly executed and delivered by Sellers) and this Agreement constitutes, and at the Closing such documents will


	-27-





	constitute, assuming the due execution and delivery of all other parties thereto, the valid and binding obligations o


	f Sellers, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and to general prin




	ciples of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).




















































































	Section 6.3




	Liability for Brokers’ Fees



	.  Purchaser shall not directly or indirectly have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a result of undertakings or agreements of Sellers or any of their Affiliates entered into in connection with this Agreement, for brokerage fees, finder’s fees, agent’s commissions or other similar forms of compensation in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or transaction contemplated hereby.











































































































	Section 6.4






	No Conflicts


	.



	Except for (i) Customary Post-Closing Consents, (ii) Required Consents, (iii) Preferential Rights to Purchase, (iv) Soft Consents and any other consents required to be scheduled on

	Schedule 6.10

	, and (v) the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act, except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.4

	, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Sellers, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Sellers or require any consent or approval from any Person thereunder, (b) result in a material default (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) under, or require any material consent under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture or Material Contract to which any Seller is a party or by which any Seller or the Assets are bound, (c) violate any Law applicable to any Seller or any of the Assets in any material respect or (d) require any Seller to obtain any material consent or approval of any Governmental Body that has not been made or obtained.











































































	Section 6.5




	Litigation.



	Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.5

	, and excluding all threatened claims relating to the payment or nonpayment of royalties or other burdens on production with regard to the Assets with respect to which (x) no actual suits or proceedings before any Governmental Body have been initiated against any Seller and/or (y) no written demand letter has been received that remains unresolved, (X) there are no actions, suits or proceedings that are pending, and, to Sellers’ knowledge, there are no material actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by any Governmental Authority threatened in writing, before or by any Governmental Body or arbitrator (a) against the Seller Operated Assets, or to Seller’s knowledge, the Assets operated by Third Parties, (b) against any Seller with respect to the Assets or (c) against, or that have been brought by, any Seller that would be reasonably likely to materially impair such Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement and (Y) there exist no material unsatisfied judgments of any Governmental Body or arbitrator against any Seller that could reasonably be expected to result in the impairment or loss of such Seller’s interest in any part of the Assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers make no representation or warranty, express or implied, under this

	Section 6.5

	relating to any Environmental Liabilities or Environmental Law.































































































	Section 6.6




	Taxes and Assessme








	nts



	.










	(a)



	With respect to all Taxes related to the Assets, (i) all Tax Returns required to be filed by any Seller with respect to such Taxes have been timely filed with the appropriate



	-28-





	Governmental Body in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are requir


	ed to be filed, (ii) such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects and (iii) all Taxes reported on such Tax Returns have been paid.















	(b)



	With respect to all Taxes related to the Assets, except as set forth on


	Schedule 6.6(b)


	, (i) except with respect to Income Taxes, there is not currently in effect any extension or waiver of any statute of limitations of any jurisdiction regarding the assessment or collection of any such Tax, (ii) there are no administrative proceedings or lawsuits pending again


	st the Assets by any taxing authority, (iii) there are no administrative proceedings or lawsuits pending against any Seller (except for Income Taxes) relating to the Assets, (iv) there are no Tax liens on any of the Assets other than Permitted Encumbrances, (v) no Seller has received written notice of any pending claim against it (which remains outstanding) from any applicable Governmental Body for assessment of material Taxes with respect to the Assets, and no such claim has been threatened in writing (vi) none of the Assets are deemed by agreement or applicable Law to be held by a partnership for federal income tax purposes for which an election under Treasury Regulation § 1.761-2 to be excluded from the provisions of subchapter K of chapter 1 of the Code is not in effect and such election is valid, (vii) no Seller nor any Affiliate thereof is presently contesting a Tax liability with respect to the ownership of the Assets before any Governmental Body, (viii) as of the Closing Date, no Seller will be a party to or will be bound by any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or indemnification agreement; and (ix) no claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where any Seller does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction


	.







	(c)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations or warranties contained elsewhere in


	Article 6


	shall relate to Tax matters, which are instead the subject of this


	Section 6.6


	exclusively.
























































	Section 6.7




	Capital Commitments



	. Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.7

	, as of the Execution Date there are no outstanding AFEs or other capital commitments to Third Parties (a) that are binding on the Assets, (b) that are in excess of $50,000.00 net to Sellers’ interest and (c) for which all activities have not been completed by the Execution Date.











































































	Section 6.8




	Compliance with Laws



	.  Except as disclosed on

	Schedule 6.8

	, during the four years prior to the Closing Date, the Seller Operated Assets have been operated in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws.  To Sellers’ knowledge, during the four years prior to the Closing Date, any Assets operated by Third Parties have been operated in all material respects in compliance with all applicable Laws.  Sellers have not received any written notice of a material violation of or material default by any Seller from any Governmental Body with respect to any Law applicable to the Assets that remains unresolved as of the Execution Date.  





















































































	Section 6.9




	Contracts



	.


	-29-































	(a)




	Schedule 


	6.9(a)


	sets forth a list of the following Contracts (such scheduled Contracts, the “


	Material Contracts


	”):







	(i)



	Any Contract that can be reasonably expected to result in aggregate payments or receipts of revenue by Sellers of more than $50,000.00 during the current or any subsequent year;



	(ii)



	Any gathering, transportation, treatment, handling, storage, processing, marketing or similar Contract, Hydrocarbon sales Contract or any Contract that includes an acreage dedication, minimum volume commitment, throughput requirement, or demand, take or pay or similar charges, in each case, that is not terminable without penalty on sixty (60) or fewer days’ notice;







	(iii)



	Any mortgage, deed of trust, security interest or other Debt Contract of Sellers or their Affiliates encumbering any Asset that will not be terminated at or prior to the Closing;







	(iv)



	Excluding the Leases, any Contract that is a lease under which Sellers are the lessor or the lessee of real or personal property which lease (A) cannot be terminated by Sellers without penalty upon sixty (60) days or fewer notice or (B) involves an annual base rental of more than $50,000.00;



	(v)



	Any Contracts with Affiliates of any Seller (or between any two Sellers) that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing;







	(vi)



	Any Contract that constitutes an area of mutual interest agreement or any other agreement that purports to restrict, limit or prohibit the manner in which, or the locations in which, any Seller conducts business within or adjacent to the Properties that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing;



	(vii)



	Any Contract that constitutes a joint venture, joint operating, joint development, participation or joint exploration agreement, unit agreement, unit operating agreement, production sharing agreement, term assignment or farmin or farmout agreement; and



	(viii)



	Any Contract pursuant to which any Seller has an unperformed obligation to sell, exchange, transfer, or dispose of any of such Seller’s interests in the Properties (other than this Agreement).













	(b)



	Except as disclosed on


	Schedule 


	6.9(b)


	, each Material Contract is a legal, valid and binding obligation against the Sellers that are party thereto and, to the knowledge of Sellers, each party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is enforceable in accordance with its terms against such Seller and, to the knowledge of Sellers, each party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates) and is in full force and effect, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).  No Seller nor, to the knowledge of Sellers, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is in default under any Material Contract and no event, occurrence, condition or act has occurred that, with the



	-30-





	giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or condition, would become a default or event of default by any Seller or, to the knowledge of Sellers, any


	party thereto (other than Purchase


	r or its Affiliates), that in each case would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,


	to be material to Sellers or the Assets, individually or taken as a whole


	.


	Sellers have provided Purchaser true and complete copies of each Material Con


	tract and all amendments thereto that are currently in effect.







	(c)



	There are no Hedging Contracts or Debt Contracts that will be binding on the Assets after the Closing.






















































































	Section 6.10




	Consents and Preferential Purchase Rights



	.  Except for (i) Customary Post‑Closing Consents and (ii) the Required Consents, Soft Consents and Preferential Rights to Purchase set forth on

	Schedule 6.10

	(including the filings required under and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act), none of the Assets, or any portion thereof, is subject to any Preferential Rights to Purchase, Required Consents, Soft Consents or other Third Party restriction on assignment that will be applicable to, or triggered by, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.





















































	Section 6.11




	Leases



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.11

	, with respect to the Seller Operated Assets and, to the knowledge of Sellers, with respect to those Properties that are operated by Third Parties, there are no actions, suits or proceedings with respect to any Lease pending or, to Seller’s knowledge, threatened within the last twelve months before any Governmental Body in which the lessor thereunder is seeking to terminate, cancel, rescind or procure judicial reformation of any such Lease, in whole or in part.  Since the Effective Time, no Seller has granted, conveyed and/or reserved an overriding royalty interest in and to the Properties, for or on behalf of any Affiliate of any Seller.















	Section 6.12




	Advance Payments



	.  Except for any Imbalances described on

	Schedule 6.14

	, no Seller is obligated by virtue of any take-or-pay payment, advance payment or any other arrangement (other than Burdens) to deliver Hydrocarbons, or proceeds from the sale thereof, attributable to the Assets at some future time without receiving full payment therefor at or promptly after the time of delivery.







































































	Section 6.13




	Surface Agreements



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.13

	, to Sellers’ knowledge (a) each of the Surface Agreements set forth on

	Exhibit A-6

	is legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect; (b) no Seller, nor, to Sellers’ knowledge, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates), is in material breach of or material default under any such Surface Agreement; and (c) no event has occurred or circumstance exists that, with the delivery of notice, the passage of time or both, would constitute such a material breach or default of such Surface Agreement by such Seller or, to Sellers’ knowledge, any party thereto (other than Purchaser or its Affiliates).  No Hydrocarbons produced from the Properties are being transported by Sellers (excluding any transportation by Third Parties on behalf of Sellers) over the Lands without appropriate rights permitted such transportation.

















	Section 6.14




	Imbalances



	.  All Imbalances associated with the Seller Operated Assets, and to Sellers’ knowledge, all Imbalances associated with the Assets operated by Third Parties, are set forth on

	Schedule 6.14

	, in each case, as of the date set forth on the schedule.


	-31-





















	Section 6.15




	Suspense Funds



	.  

	Schedule 6.15

	sets forth the aggregate amount, as of the date set forth on

	Schedule 6.15

	, of all Suspense Funds held by AEPO, excluding minimum suspense.





























































	Section 6.16




	Bankruptcy



	.  There are no bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being contemplated by, or to Sellers’ knowledge, threatened against, any Seller.























































	Section 6.17




	Condemnation



	.  There is no actual or, to Sellers’ knowledge, threatened taking (whether permanent, temporary, whole or partial) of any part of the Assets by reason of condemnation or the threat of condemnation.



















	Section 6.18




	Permits



	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.18

	(a) Sellers have obtained all material Permits presently required for the ownership and operation of the Seller Operated Assets as currently owned and operated, (b) to Sellers’ knowledge, those Third Party operators who operate those Assets that are not Seller Operated Assets maintain all material Permits presently required for the ownership and operation of such Assets as currently owned and operated and (c) no Seller has received any written notice of violation of any such material Permit that remains unresolved and that might reasonably be expected to result in any modification, revocation, termination or suspension of any such material Permit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers make no representation or warranty, express or implied, under this

	Section 6.18

	relating to any Environmental Liabilities or Environmental Law.





















	Section 6.19




	Plugging and Abandonment

















	.


	  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 6.19

	, there are no oil, gas or disposal Wells operated by Sellers (a) in respect of which any Seller has received a written order from any Governmental Body requiring that such Wells be plugged and abandoned or (b) that are currently required by applicable Law or Contract to be plugged and abandoned.  To Sellers’ knowledge, there are no Wells that are operated by Third Parties (i) for which such Third Party operator has received a written order from any Governmental Body currently requiring that such Well be plugged and abandoned or (ii) that are currently required to be plugged and abandoned in accordance with applicable Law or Contract.













	Section 6.20




	Labor, Employment and Benefits



	.  




	(a)



	AEPO has provided Purchaser with a list of the name, job title, date of hire, work location, exempt or non-exempt status, active or leave status, hourly rate or annual salary, as applicable, and target bonus, if any, of the Available Employees.  None of the Available Employees of the Seller is a party to any written employment contract, termination or severance agreement or similar contract, except that all Available Employees participate in the Anadarko Petroleum Corporation severance plan.  The employment of the Available Employees is terminable at will.





	(b)



	None of the Sellers or their Affiliates who employ Available Employees (collectively, the “


	Employers


	”) are, nor have they been, a party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement, contract or understanding with any labor union or labor organization relating to the Available Employees, nor are any of the Available Employees represented by a labor union.  No labor union, labor organization or group of Available



	-32-





	Employees has in the past ten years made any demand of any Employer, nor are there any pending petitions, for recognition or certification of a labor union or association as the exclusive b


	argaining agent with respect to the Available Employees.  There are no union organizing activities or proceedings currently underway that involve a labor union or other association as the exclusive bargaining agent for the Available Employees, or where the


	purpose is to organize the Available Employees.  With respect to the Available Employees, no labor strike, work stoppage, slowdown, concerted refusal to work overtime, walkout, lockout or similar labor disturbance is currently pending or, to Sellers’ know


	ledge, threatened against any Employer.  No Employer has engaged in any unfair labor practice with respect to the Available Employees, nor are there any unfair labor practice complaints or grievances currently pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threa


	tened against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees.



	(c)



	AEPO has made available to Purchaser a benefits booklet describing employee benefits commonly provided to the Available Employees.  Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code and from which any Available Employee could receive an “eligible rollover distribution” has received a favorable determination letter as to its qualification, or is the subject of an opinion letter, from the Internal Revenue Service, and to the knowledge of Sellers, nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such favorable determination.



	(d)



	The Employers have complied, and are currently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to labor or employment matters, including, but not limited to Laws governing or regarding hours of work, the payment of wages (including overtime) or other compensation, employee benefits, employment discrimination and harassment, occupational safety and health, and any and all other Laws governing or pertaining to the terms, conditions, and privileges of employment.  No proceedings, claims or charges alleging any failure to comply with such Laws pertaining to employment-related matters are currently pending or, to the knowledge of Sellers, threatened, against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees (and, to the knowledge of Sellers, there is no basis therefor), and no such proceeding, claim or charge has previously been filed or commenced against any Employer with respect to the Available Employees.



	(e)



	Except as set forth on


	Schedule 6.20


	, Sellers do not contribute to, and do not have any liability with respect to, any Employee Benefit Plan that is an “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is defined under Section 3(2) of ERISA) that is subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.  Sellers do not contribute to, and do not have any liability with respect to, any Employee Benefit Plan that is a “multiemployer plan” (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).  Purchaser’s acquisition of the Assets will not cause Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to incur any liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.


















	Section 6.21




	Environmental Matters





	.  Except as set forth on

	Schedule 5.1

	, to the knowledge of Sellers, (a) no Seller has received any written notice from a Governmental Body or other Person alleging or involving any material noncompliance with or potential material liability under any Environmental Law with respect to the Assets or operations conducted thereon that remains unresolved as of the Execution Date and (b) there are no claims, demands, suits, investigations or proceedings of a material nature pending before a Governmental Body under


	-33-





	Environmental Laws against any Seller with respect to the Assets or any Sellers’ ownership or operation thereof.














	Section 6.22




	Payout Balances



	.  With respect to those Wells operated by AEPO,

	Schedule 6.22

	sets forth, and with respect to any Well operated by a Third Party, to Sellers’ knowledge,

	Schedule 6.22

	sets forth, the payout balances as of the date set forth on

	Schedule 6.22

	for each Well subject to reversion or other adjustment at payout (or some other event, other than a termination of a Lease in accordance with its terms).





































































	Section 6.23




	Certain Disclaimers



	.








	(a)



	EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS


	ARTICLE 6


	, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLERS DELIVERED PURSUANT TO


	Section


	10.2(c)


	, THE CONVEYANCES, AND THE DEEDS, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT (i) SELLERS MAKE NO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, AND (ii) SELLERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY STATEMENT OR INFORMATION MADE OR COMMUNICATED (ORALLY OR IN WRITING) TO PURCHASER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS OR REPRESENTATIVES (INCLUDING ANY OPINION, INFORMATION OR ADVICE THAT MAY HAVE BEEN PROVIDED TO PURCHASER BY ANY PERSON OF THE SELLER GROUP).









	(b)



	EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS


	ARTICLE 6


	,


	THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLERS DELIVERED PURSUANT TO




	Section


	10.2(c)


	, THE CONVEYANCES, AND THE DEEDS, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF




	Section 6.23(


	a)


	, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, SELLERS MAKE NO, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AS TO (i) TITLE TO ANY OF THE ASSETS, (ii) THE CONTENTS, CHARACTER OR NATURE OF ANY REPORT OF ANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERING CONSULTANT OR ANY GEOLOGICAL OR SEISMIC DATA, MAP OR INTERPRETATION RELATING TO THE ASSETS, (iii) THE QUANTITY, QUALITY OR RECOVERABILITY OF HYDROCARBONS IN OR FROM THE ASSETS, (iv) ANY ESTIMATES OF THE VALUE OF THE ASSETS OR FUTURE REVENUES GENERATED BY THE ASSETS, (v) THE PRODUCTION OF HYDROCARBON SUBSTANCES FROM THE ASSETS OR WHETHER PRODUCTION HAS BEEN CONTINUOUS OR IN PAYING QUANTITIES, (vi) THE MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, CONDITION, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, DESIGN OR MARKETABILITY OF THE ASSETS, (vii) THE CONTENT, CHARACTER, COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR NATURE OF ANY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM, REPORTS, BROCHURES, MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION, DATA ROOM, CHARTS OR STATEMENTS (INCLUDING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS) PREPARED BY SELLERS, THEIR AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS, (viii) ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR INFORMATION THAT MAY HAVE BEEN MADE



	-34-





	AVAILABLE OR COMMUNICATED TO THE PURCHASER GROUP OR PURCHASER’S REPRESENTATIVES IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS CO


	NTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DISCUSSION OR PRESENTATION RELATING THERETO (INCLUDING ANY ITEMS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH


	SECTION 8.1


	) OR (ix) ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY OF FREEDOM FROM PATENT OR TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT, AND SELLERS FURTHER DISC


	LAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR CONFORMITY TO MODELS OR SAMPLES, IT BEING EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED BY THE PARTIES THAT PURCHASER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE OBTAINING THE EQU


	IPMENT AND OTHER TANGIBLE PROPERTY TRANSFERRED HEREUNDER IN ITS PRESENT STATUS, CONDITION AND STATE OF REPAIR, “AS IS” AND


	“


	WHERE IS


	”


	WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THAT PURCHASER HAS MADE OR CAUSED TO BE MADE SUCH INSPECTIONS AS PURCHASER DEEMS APPROPRIATE.







	(c)



	NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN


	SECTION 6.21


	, SELLERS HAVE NOT AND WILL NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY MATTER OR CIRCUMSTANCE RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS (INCLUDING PERMITS REQUIRED UNDER ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS), ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES, THE RELEASE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, HYDROCARBONS OR NORM INTO THE ENVIRONMENT OR THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN HEALTH, SAFETY, NATURAL RESOURCES OR THE ENVIRONMENT, OR ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION OF THE ASSETS, AND, EXCEPT AS AND TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN


	SECTION 6.21


	, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS SUCH A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, AND, SUBJECT TO PURCHASER’S RIGHTS UNDER


	ARTICLE 5


	AND THE SITE ACCESS AGREEMENT AND SELLERS’ INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO


	Section


	12.2(b)(iii)


	WITH RESPECT TO


	SECTION 6.21


	, AND THE RETAINED SELLER OBLIGATIONS, PURCHASER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE TAKING THE ASSETS “AS IS” AND


	“


	WHERE IS


	”


	FOR PURPOSES OF THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION.

















































































	ARTICLE 7
















































































	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER



	Subject to the disclaimers and waivers contained in, and the other terms and conditions of, this Agreement, Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Sellers as follows as of the Execution Date:

























































	Section 7.1




	Organization



	.  Purchaser is a limited liability company, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Texas and is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, the State of Texas.


	-35-















































































	Section 7.2




	Authorization and Enforceability



	.  Purchaser has the requisite power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other instruments and agreements to be executed and delivered by it as contemplated hereby and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all documents required to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing, and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Purchaser.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser (and all documents required hereunder to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing will be duly executed and delivered by Purchaser) and this Agreement constitutes, and at the Closing such documents will constitute, the valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other Laws, now or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at Law).







































































	Section 7.3




	Liability for Brokers’ Fees



	.  No Seller shall, directly or indirectly, have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a result of undertakings or agreements of Purchaser, for brokerage fees, finder’s fees, agent’s commissions or other similar forms of compensation in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or transaction contemplated hereby.















































































	Section 7.4




	No Conflicts



	.  Except for the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Purchaser, (b) result in a material default (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) under or require any material consent under any note, bond, mortgage, indenture or agreement to which Purchaser is a party, (c) violate any Law in any material respect applicable to Purchaser or (d) require Purchaser to obtain any material consent or approval of any Governmental Body that has not been made or obtained.













































































	Section 7.5




	Litigation



	.  There are no actions, suits or proceedings or (to Purchaser’s knowledge, investigations by any Governmental Body), that are pending or, to Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened in writing, before any Governmental Body or arbitrator that would be reasonably likely to impair materially Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.  As used in this

	Article 7

	, “Purchaser’s knowledge” is limited to information actually known by the individuals listed in

	Schedule 7.5

	.





























































	Section 7.6




	Financing



	.  At Closing, Purchaser will have sufficient funds (in dollars) to pay the Closing Payment to Sellers.































































	Section 7.7




	Securities Law Compliance



	.  Purchaser is acquiring the Assets for investment and not with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, nor with any present intention of distributing or selling such Assets within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable state securities Laws.































































	Section 7.8




	Independent Evaluation



	.


	-36-











	(a)




	Purchaser is knowledgeable of the oil and gas business (including the exploration and production and gathering segments thereof) and of the usual and customary practices of Persons involved in such business,


	including those in the areas where the Assets are located.







	(b)



	Purchaser is capable of making such investigation, inspection, review and evaluation of the Assets as a prudent purchaser would deem appropriate under the circumstances including with respect to all matters relating to the Assets, their value, operation and suitability for investment.







	(c)



	Purchaser has conducted (or will conduct prior to the Closing) its own investigation, inspection, review and evaluation of the Assets.







	(d)



	In making the decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser acknowledges that it (i) has not relied and will not rely upon any statements, representations (whether oral or written), or any information provided by Sellers, their Affiliates and their respective Representatives (except for those representations set forth in


	Article 6


	of this Agreement and the certificate delivered by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	) and (ii) has relied and will rely solely on the basis of its own independent due diligence investigation of the Assets, the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the representations, warranties and covenants of Sellers set forth in


	Article 6


	, the certificates delivered by Sellers pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	and the special warranty of title set forth in the Conveyances and the Deeds, subject in all cases to the disclaimers set forth in this Agreement.








































































	Section 7.9




	Consents, Approvals or Waivers



	.  Except for Customary Post-Closing Consents and as set forth on

	Schedule 7.9

	(including the filings required under, and compliance with the requirements of, the HSR Act), Purchaser’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement (and any document required to be executed and delivered by Purchaser at the Closing) is not and will not be subject to any consent, approval, or waiver from any Governmental Body or other Third Party.





























































	Section 7.10




	Bankruptcy



	.  There are no bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being contemplated by, or, to Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened against Purchaser.





























































	Section 7.11




	Qualification





	.  Purchaser is, or as of the Closing Date will be, qualified under applicable Law to own the Assets and has, or as of the transfer of operatorship of the Properties will have, complied with all necessary


	bonding requirements of Governmental Bodies required for Purchaser’s ownership or operation of the Assets.









	Section 7.12




	Tax



	.  For federal Income Tax purposes, (i) the separate existence of Purchaser is disregarded under Treasury Regulation § 301.7701-3(b)(ii), and (ii) Purchaser Parent is treated as the owner of Purchaser under Treasury Regulation § 301.7701-2(a).











	Section 7.13




	Limitation





	.  Without limitation of Sellers’ representations under

	Section 6.21

	of this Agreement or Purchaser’s remedies pursuant to

	Article 12

	and the Site Access Agreement, Purchaser acknowledges the following:  

	THE ASSETS HAVE BEEN USED FOR EXPLORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION OF HYDROCARBONS AND THERE MAY BE PETROLEUM, PRODUCED WATER, WASTE, OR HAZARDOUS



	-37-





	SUBSTANCES OR MATERIALS LOCATED IN, ON OR UNDER


	THE PROPERTIES OR ASSOCIATED WITH THE ASSETS.  EQUIPMENT AND SITES INCLUDED IN THE ASSETS MAY CONTAIN ASBESTOS, NORM OR OTHER HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.  NORM MAY AFFIX OR ATTACH ITSELF TO THE INSIDE OF WELLS, MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT AS SCALE OR IN OTHER FORMS.


	  THE WELLS, MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT LOCATED ON THE PROPERTIES OR INCLUDED IN THE ASSETS MAY CONTAIN ASBESTOS, NORM AND OTHER WASTES OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.  NORM CONTAINING MATERIAL AND/OR OTHER WASTES OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES MAY HAVE COME IN CONTACT WIT


	H VARIOUS ENVIRONMENTAL MEDIA, INCLUDING WATER, SOILS OR SEDIMENT.  SPECIAL PROCEDURES MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE ASSESSMENT, REMEDIATION, REMOVAL, TRANSPORTATION OR DISPOSAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL MEDIA, WASTES, ASBESTOS, NORM AND OTHER HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES FROM T


	HE ASSETS.









































































	ARTICLE 8








































































	COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES






























































































	Section 8.1




	Access



	.
















	(a)



	Between the Execution Date and the Defect Claim Date, Sellers will give Purchaser and its Representatives access to the Assets (and to designated employees of Sellers responsible for the Assets, at such times as Purchaser may reasonably request) and access to and the right to copy, at Purchaser’s sole cost, risk and expense, the Records (or originals thereof) in Sellers’ possession or control, for the purpose of conducting a reasonable due diligence review of the Assets, but only to the extent that Sellers have the authority to grant such access without breaching applicable Law or any Contract or other restriction binding on any Seller, including with respect to any Properties not operated by Sellers (


	provided


	, that Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any such consents or waivers to allow Purchaser access to the Assets).  Purchaser shall be entitled to conduct, at Purchaser’s expense, a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment of the Properties and may conduct visual inspections and record reviews relating to the Assets, including their condition and compliance with Environmental Laws, all of which shall be completed prior to the Defect Claim Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that if Purchaser does conduct a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment on any of the Properties, it will provide Sellers with a copy of any final non-privileged reports or findings generated in connection therewith.  Neither Purchaser nor its Representatives may operate any equipment or conduct any testing or sampling of soil, groundwater or other materials (including any testing or sampling for Hazardous Substances, Hydrocarbons or NORM) on or with respect to the Assets (the “


	Invasive Activity




	”) prior to the Closing without the prior written consent of Sellers (which consent may be withheld in Sellers’ sole discretion), and all such activities shall be deemed outside of the scope of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment.  If, following Purchaser’s Phase I Environmental Site Assessment, Purchaser reasonably concludes based on the results thereof that it is necessary to conduct Invasive Activity on a Property prior to the Closing in order for Purchaser to ascertain the existence or extent of an Adverse Environmental Condition or any Remediation Amount for an Adverse Environmental Condition, and Purchaser requests (in writing) authorization from Sellers to perform such Invasive Activity on or prior to June 5, 2017 (which notice includes the corresponding portions of the Phase I Environmental Site



	-38-





	Assessment on which Purchaser has based its reasonable conclusions), and Sellers reject or fail to consent to Purchaser’s request within two days’ of their receipt thereof, Purchaser shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to exclude such


	Property and its directly associated Assets from the Properties conveyed by Sellers to Purchaser at Closing, in which case the Unadjusted Purchase Price shall be reduced by the Allocated Value of such excluded Assets and such Assets shall be deemed Exclud


	ed Assets.  If Sellers consent to the requested Invasive Activity, all Invasive Activities performed by Purchaser or Purchaser’s Representatives shall be subject to the Phase II Guidelines


	.



	(b)



	Purchaser shall abide by Sellers’, and any Third Party operator’s reasonable safety rules, regulations, and operating policies while conducting its due diligence evaluation of the Assets.  Any conclusions made from any examination done by Purchaser shall result from Purchaser’s own independent review and judgment.









	(c)



	The access granted to Purchaser under this


	Section 8.1


	shall be limited to Sellers’ or the applicable Third Party operator’s normal business hours, and Purchaser’s investigation shall be conducted in a manner that minimizes unreasonable interference with the operation of the Assets and shall be at Purchaser’s sole cost, risk and expense.  Purchaser shall coordinate its access rights to the Assets with Sellers to reasonably minimize any inconvenience to or interruption of the conduct of business by Sellers or applicable Third Party operators.  For any Property not operated by any Seller, Sellers will reasonably cooperate with Purchaser in contacting the Third Party operators of any such non-operated Property directly to arrange for access for purposes of Purchaser’s Phase I Environmental Site Assessment;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Sellers cannot and do not covenant or warrant that Purchaser will be granted access to any Properties operated by Third Parties for purposes of conducting diligence of any kind under this Agreement.  Purchaser shall provide Sellers with at least two Business Days’ written notice before the Assets are proposed to be accessed pursuant to this


	Section 8.1


	, which notice will include a general description of the activities Purchaser intends to undertake.  Purchaser shall repair any damage to the Properties caused by its investigation and shall cause each Property to be restored to substantially the same conditions that existed prior to the investigation.  



















	(d)



	Purchaser acknowledges that, pursuant to its right of access to the Assets, Purchaser will become privy to confidential and other information of Sellers or an applicable Third Party operator and that such confidential information (which includes Purchaser’s conclusions with respect to its evaluations) shall be held confidential by Purchaser in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and any applicable privacy Laws regarding personal information.  For the avoidance of doubt, the existence and contents of any Phase I Environmental Site Assessment conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser on the Assets shall be deemed to be “confidential information” for the purposes of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

















	(e)



	In connection with the rights of access, examination and inspection granted to Purchaser under this


	Section 8.1


	,


	(i)


	 


	PURCHASER WAIVES AND RELEASES ALL CLAIMS AGAINST THE SELLER GROUP AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES AND ANY THIRD PARTY OPERATORS ARISING IN ANY WAY THEREFROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED THEREWITH AND (ii) PURCHASER HEREBY AGREES TO



	-39-





	INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH OF THE SELLER GROUP, SELLERS’ REPRESENTATIVES AND THIRD PARTY OPERATORS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL DAMAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH OR PHYSICAL PRO


	PERTY DAMAGE, OR VIOLATION OF THE SELLER GROUP’S OR ANY THIRD PARTY OPERATOR’S RULES, REGULATIONS, OR OPERATING POLICIES, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY FIELD VISIT OR OTHER DUE DILIGENCE ACTIVITY CONDUCTED BY PURCHASER OR ITS REPRESENTA


	TIVES WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS, REGARDLESS OF FAULT, EXCEPT, IN EACH CASE, TO THE EXTENT ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM OR RELATING TO THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY MEMBER OF SELLER GROUP,


	AND PROVIDED FURTHER THAT PURCHASER’S WAIVER AND RELEASE SET FORT


	H IN THIS


	SECTION 8.1(e)


	SHALL NOT LIMIT PURCHASER’S REMEDIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SITE ACCESS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO CONDITIONS AFFECTING THE ASSETS


	.


	  


	Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall have no indemnity obligations under this




	Sectio


	n 8.1(e)


	for any pre-existing condition or Damage that existed prior to the Purchaser and its Representatives accessing the Assets but is merely discovered or revealed by Purchaser or its Representatives during its access to the Assets and for which the co


	ndition is not exacerbated or the Damages are not increased as a result of Purchaser’s or its Representative’s access (in which case the indemnity obligation under this




	Section 8.1(e)


	shall apply only to the extent of any such exacerbation or increase in D


	amages).












































































	Section 8.2




	Government Reviews



	.  In a timely manner, Sellers and Purchaser shall (a) make all required filings, prepare all required applications and conduct negotiations with each Governmental Body as to which such filings, applications or negotiations are necessary or appropriate in the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including with respect to the transfer or re-issuance of all required Permits and (b) provide such information and assistance as each may reasonably request to make such filings, prepare such applications and conduct such negotiations.  Each Party shall reasonably cooperate with and use all commercially reasonable efforts to assist the other with respect to such filings, applications, and negotiations.   Without limiting the foregoing, within five Business Days following the execution by Purchaser and Sellers of this Agreement, Purchaser and Sellers will prepare and simultaneously file with the DOJ and the FTC the notification and report form required by the HSR Act for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and request early termination of the waiting period thereunder.  Purchaser and Sellers agree to respond promptly to any inquiries from the DOJ or the FTC concerning such filings and to comply in all material respects with the filing requirements of the HSR Act.  Purchaser and Sellers shall cooperate with each other and shall promptly furnish all information to the other Party that is necessary in connection with Purchaser’s and Sellers’ compliance with the HSR Act.  Purchaser and Sellers shall keep each other fully advised with respect to, and furnish copies of, any requests from or communications with the DOJ or the FTC concerning such filings and shall consult with each other with respect to all responses thereto.  Sellers and Purchaser shall use their respective reasonable efforts to take all actions reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection with any HSR Act filing to consummate the transactions consummated hereby.  All filing fees incurred in connection with the HSR Act filings made pursuant to this

	Section 8.2

	shall be borne one-half by Purchaser and one-half by Sellers.


	-40-















































































	Section 8.3




	Public Announcements; Confidentiality



	.






















	(a)



	Neither Party shall make or issue any press release or other announcements to the general public concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  If either Party desires to make an announcement to the general public, it shall first give the other Party forty-eight hours written notification of its desire to make such a public announcement.  The written notification shall include (i) a request for consent to make the announcement, and (ii) a written draft of the text of such public announcement


	.  Nothing in this


	Section 8.3(a)


	shall prohibit any Party from issuing or making a public announcement or statement if such Party deems it necessary to do so in order to comply with any applicable Law or the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Party’s or a Party’s Affiliate’s capital stock is traded;


	provided, however


	, that to the extent possible, prior written notification shall be given to the other Parties prior to any such announcement or statement.



	(b)



	The Parties shall keep all information and data relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby strictly confidential in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein, i


	f the Closing should occur, the confidentiality obligations with respect to Purchaser and its representatives in the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue with respect to the Excluded Assets and the information referenced in


	Section 8.1(d)


	but not otherwise and shall be deemed terminated for all purposes with respect to the Assets.



































































































	(c)



	From and after the Closing Date until the date that is one year after the Closing Date, Sellers shall (and shall direct their respective Affiliates and each of their Representatives to) keep confidential and not disclose any of the Records of which Sellers retained copies (the “


	Restricted Information


	”), except as and to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement or the instruments delivered or entered into at Closing.  The obligation shall not apply to any information that is (i) in the public domain as of the Closing Date, (ii) published or otherwise becomes part of the public domain through no fault of Sellers, their Affiliates or their Representatives in violation of this


	Section 8.3(c)




	after the Closing Date or (iii) becomes available to Sellers or any of their Affiliates from a source that, to such Seller’s or such Affiliate’s knowledge, did not acquire such information (directly or indirectly) on a confidential basis.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Seller may make disclosures


	(i) to


	its Affiliates and each of its and their owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, financial and other advisors, contractors, attorneys and accountants (in each case, to the extent bound by confidentiality obligations and to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary) and (ii) as required by Law, Governmental Body and/or in connection with disputes hereunder or as otherwise required under any Seller’s debt instruments;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that


	with respect to clause (ii) above,


	Sellers, to the extent practicable, shall provide Purchaser with prompt notice thereof so that Purchaser, at its sole cost and expense, may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this


	Section 8.3(c)


	.  In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or Purchaser waives compliance with the provisions of this


	Section 8.3(c)


	, Sellers shall or shall cause the Person required to disclose such Restricted Information to furnish only that portion of the information that such Person is legally required.



	-41-













	Section 8.4




	Operation of Business



	.  




	(a)



	Except as to (a) the matters set forth on


	Schedule 8.4


	, (b) requirements from a Governmental Body, (c) situations wherein emergency action is taken in the face of a risk to life, property, or the environment, or (d) any other matters consented to by Purchaser in writing (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), from the Execution Date until the Closing Date, Sellers:







	(i)



	will conduct their business related to the Seller Operated Assets and cause the Assets to be operated and maintained in the ordinary course consistent with Sellers’ recent practices, as a reasonably prudent operator and in accordance with applicable Laws, including the payment of Property Costs;







	(ii)



	maintain, or cause to be maintained, the books of account and Records relating to the Assets in the usual, regular and ordinary manner and in accordance with the usual accounting practices of Sellers;



	(iii)



	will not make any capital expenditures with respect to the Assets in excess of $50,000.00, net to Sellers’ interest, as set forth in any AFE;







	(iv)



	will not terminate (voluntarily), amend or extend any Material Contract, Surface Agreement or Lease or enter into any Contract that would constitute a Material Contract if in existence on the Execution Date;







	(v)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain all material Permits and will maintain bonds and guaranties affecting the Assets and make all filings that Sellers are required to make under applicable Law with respect to the Assets;







	(vi)



	will not incur any costs to secure any Lease renewals or extensions;



	(vii)



	will not acquire any assets or properties that would constitute “Assets” if in existence on the Execution Date, or transfer, sell, swap, hypothecate, encumber, mortgage, farmout or otherwise dispose of any Properties or material equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures or other tangible personal property and improvements, except for (A) sales and dispositions of Hydrocarbons made in the ordinary course of business and (B) the disposition of obsolete, worn out or damaged equipment consistent with past practices if such equipment is replaced with similar equipment of a like or better quality;



	(viii)



	will maintain insurance coverage on the Assets presently furnished by Third Parties in the amounts and coverages and of the types presently in force;



	(ix)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all Leases that are presently held by production unless Sellers are prevented from doing so because Purchaser fails to consent to an action under this


	Section 8.4


	;



	(x)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep Purchaser reasonably informed, upon Sellers obtaining knowledge thereof, of any Lease termination or of any operation or activities with respect to the Assets proposed by a Third Party;



	-42-







	(xi)




	will not waive, compromise or settle any material right or claim or proceeding with respect to any of the Properties other than with regards to items that


	are Retained Seller Obligations or waivers, compromises or settlements requiring payment of monetary damages not in excess of $50,000.00 individually with no grant of injunctive or other relief;



	(xii)



	will use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose any Third Party’s application for an exception to Texas Railroad Commission Rule 37 insofar as affecting any Property (the costs of which opposition shall be considered Property Costs for all purposes of this Agreement);



	(xiii)



	will not make any election (or fail to make an election, the result of which is) to go non-consent with respect to any of the Properties;









	(xiv)



	will not take, nor direct any of its Affiliates (or authorize and direct any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other Person retained by, acting for or on behalf of any Seller or any such Affiliate) to take any intentional, purposeful action to solicit or negotiate any offer from any Person concerning the acquisition of the Assets by any Person other than Purchaser or its Affiliates.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this


	sub-clause (xiv)


	shall prohibit any such action relating to acquisition, through merger, asset purchase or other form of business combination, involving Anadarko Petroleum Corporation or AEPO or all or substantially all of the assets of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation or AEPO; and



	(xv)



	will not enter into any agreement or commitment with respect to any of the foregoing.



	(b)



	Requests for approval of any action restricted by this


	Section 8.4


	shall be delivered to the following individual, who shall have full authority to grant or deny such requests for approval on behalf of Purchaser:



	William B. Coffey

	Email: Brad.Coffey@wildhorserd.com


	Purchaser’s approval of any action restricted by this

	Section 8.4

	shall be considered granted within ten days (unless a shorter time is reasonably required by the circumstances or is required by the terms of the Contract with respect to which such approval is being requested and, in each case, such shorter time is specified in Sellers’ notice) after Sellers’ notice to Purchaser requesting such consent unless Purchaser notifies Sellers to the contrary during that period.  In the event of an emergency, Sellers may take such action as a prudent operator would take and shall notify Purchaser of such action promptly thereafter.  Purchaser acknowledges that Sellers own undivided interests in certain of the Properties where no Seller is the operator, and Purchaser agrees that the acts or omissions of the other working interest owners (including the operators) who are not a Seller shall not constitute a breach of the provisions of this

	Section 8.4

	, nor shall any action required by a vote of working interest owners constitute such a breach so long as Sellers have not proposed an action that would be in violation of this

	Section 8.4

	and have voted their interest in a manner that complies with the provisions of this

	Section 8.4

	.


	-43-









	(c)




	In the event that, between the Execution Date and the Closing Date, (i) Purchaser and its Affil


	iates deliver to Sellers any AFE for a new well, any proposal for a new unit or any other similar capital proposal, (i) Sellers will elect to participate in any such proposal and (ii) Purchaser will carry Sellers for 100% of their interest in the operation


	s subject to such proposal, such that Sellers shall not be obligated to expend any capital associated with such operations.  If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Sellers shall be deemed to have relinquished their interests in the applicable asse


	t subject to such operations to Purchaser until such time as Purchaser has recouped 100% of its out-of-pocket costs associated with conducting the operations subject to such proposal, at which time Sellers’ interest shall immediately revert back to Sellers


	.
































































	Section 8.5




	Operatorship



	.  While Purchaser acknowledges that it desires to succeed Sellers as operator of those Assets or portions thereof that any Seller may presently operate, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Sellers cannot and do not covenant or warrant that Purchaser will become successor operator of the same since the Assets or portions thereof may be subject to operating or other agreements that control the appointment of a successor operator.  Within five Business Days after the Closing, Sellers will send notices to co-owners of those Properties that any Seller currently operates indicating that such Seller is resigning as operator and recommending that Purchaser, or, if Purchaser so elects, Purchaser’s designee, be elected as successor operator and Sellers shall use such other commercially reasonable efforts to support Purchaser’s efforts to become successor operator.  Sellers make no representations or warranties to Purchaser as to the transferability of operatorship of any Properties that Sellers currently operate.

































































	Section 8.6




	Change of Name



	.  Within 90 days after the Closing, Purchaser shall eliminate the name “Anadarko” and any variants thereof from the Assets and shall have no right to use any logos, trademarks or trade names belonging to Sellers or any of their Affiliates.























































































	Section 8.7




	Replacement of Bonds, Letters of Credit and Guaranties



	.  The Parties understand that none of the bonds, letters of credit or guaranties, if any, posted by any Seller with Governmental Bodies, co-owners or any other Person and relating to the Assets will be transferred to Purchaser.  Prior to the Closing or within 90 days thereafter, Purchaser will obtain, or cause to be obtained in the name of Purchaser or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, replacements for the bonds, letters of credit and guaranties identified on

	Schedule 8.7

	, to the extent such replacements are necessary to permit the cancellation of the bonds, letters of credit and guaranties posted by Sellers.  If Purchaser or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, fails to obtain any replacement bond, letter of credit, guaranty or other credit support obligation by the time required under this

	Section 8.7

	, then, until such time as Purchaser or its Affiliates, as applicable, obtains a replacement, (a) Purchaser agrees to reimburse Seller Group upon request for any amounts paid or suffered under any credit support of Sellers with respect to the Assets after the Closing Date and (b) Purchaser will secure such obligation by providing to Sellers back-to-back credit support reasonably acceptable to Sellers for the benefit of Sellers with respect to each credit support obligation of Sellers covering the Assets that remains in place at such time.































































	Section 8.8




	Amendment to Schedules













	.  Prior to the Closing, Sellers shall have the right to supplement their Schedules relating to the representations and warranties set forth in

	Article 6

	with respect to any matters arising or occurring subsequent to the Execution Date;


	-44-





	provided


	,


	however


	, t


	hat all such supplements shall be disregarded for purposes of determining whether the condition to Purchaser’s obligation to close the transaction pursuant to


	Section 9.2(a)


	has been satisfied and shall not prejudice Purchaser’s rights pursuant to


	Article


	12


	with respect to such matters, it being the intent of the Parties that, subject to the other terms and conditions of


	Article 12


	, Purchaser shall be entitled to indemnification for any breaches of representations and warranties associated with any matters


	added to such supplemented Schedules pursuant to this


	Section 8.8


	.


































































	Section 8.9




	Further Assurances



	.  Prior to the Closing, Purchaser agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist and support Sellers in obtaining any consents to assign set forth in the AESC Contracts that are triggered by the transactions contemplated hereby.  After the Closing, Sellers and Purchaser agree to take such further actions and to execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further documents as are reasonably requested by the other Party for carrying out the purposes of this Agreement or of any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement.  













































































	Section 8.10




	Employee Matters



	.  








	(a)



	From and after the date of this Agreement, and notwithstanding the Confidentiality Agreement, Purchaser shall be permitted to meet with and interview Available Employees in connection with prospective employment with Purchaser or its Affiliates and offer employment to any such Available Employee on terms determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion.  Purchaser is responsible for scheduling any meetings or interviews and Seller shall reasonably assist Purchaser with respect to such scheduling. Any meetings or interviews between Purchaser and Available Employees shall be scheduled at times and places that are not unreasonably inconvenient or disruptive to AEPO or its Affiliates and during normal business hours, with reasonable advance notice being provided to AEPO or its Affiliates.  It is understood that Purchaser shall have no obligation to interview or make an offer of employment to any of the Available Employees.  Any offer of employment extended by Purchaser to Available Employees shall be made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing, in writing (or an electronic document) with an identification of such Available Employee’s salary or hourly rate, bonus opportunity, incentive compensation and benefits.  Within three (3) days after the date the Purchaser makes any such offer of employment, Purchaser shall send to AEPO a schedule identifying each Available Employee who received an offer of employment from Purchaser, and whether such offer of employment was for compensation greater than, less than or equal to the compensation currently being paid to such Available Employee.  All offers of employment contemplated by this


	Section 8.10(a)


	shall expire at least five (5) days prior to the Closing, and after the Closing shall be void.  Purchaser shall promptly, but in any event at least four (4) days prior to the Closing, notify AEPO of whether such offers of employment have been accepted or rejected by the applicable Available Employees (and, if the agreed upon compensation differs from the initial offer of employment, Purchaser shall notify AEPO of the revised compensation arrangement (i.e., as greater than, less than, or equal to current compensation)).  Purchaser hereby agrees that it will comply with all applicable Laws in making any employment decisions and taking any actions pursuant to this


	Section 8.10(a)


	.  Purchaser also agrees that it will provide copies of any offer letters and/or acceptance letters to AEPO at its reasonable request.  All Available Employees who accept an offer of employment from Purchaser shall be referred to herein as “


	Transferred Employees.


	”



	-45-











	(b)




	AEPO shall terminate the employment of any Transferred Employee


	as of the Closing Date unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties.  Sellers shall be responsible for all obligations owed to Rejected Available Employees and Transferred Employees, if any, up to and including the last date of their employment with Employer


	, including, salary, bonus (including any “retention bonus” or “stay bonus”), accrued paid time off, severance, retirement benefits and amounts owed under any Employee Benefit Plan.





	(c)



	For a period of one (1) year following the Closing, Purchaser may not, directly or indirectly (including through its Affiliates or any staffing or search firm or other vendor), solicit, hire or retain, in employment or any other capacity, any Available Employee that (i) is not offered employment by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 8.10(a)


	or (ii) declines any offer of employment made by Purchaser pursuant to


	Section 8.10(a)


	(collectively, “


	Rejected Available Employees


	”).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this


	Section 8.10(b)


	shall prohibit AEPO or its Affiliates from retaining any Rejected Available Employee or attempting to induce any such Rejected Available Employee to continue their employment with AEPO or its Affiliates, as applicable.







	(d)



	Purchaser shall be solely responsible for complying with the WARN Act and any and all obligations under other applicable Laws requiring notice of plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs, reductions in force or similar actions (and for any failures to so comply), in any case, applicable to the Transferred Employees, which result from any action by Purchaser and its Affiliates after the Closing Date.  Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless AEPO and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities arising in connection with any failure to comply with the requirements of this


	Section 8.10(d)


	.





	(e)



	AEPO shall be solely responsible for complying with the WARN Act and any and all obligations under other applicable Laws requiring notice of plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs, reductions in force or similar actions (and for any failures to so comply), in any case, applicable to the Available Employees, which result from any action by AEPO and/or its Affiliates on or before the Closing Date.  AEPO shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities arising in connection with any failure to comply with the requirements of this


	Section 8.10(e)


	.





	(f)



	The provisions of this


	Section 8.10


	are solely for the benefit of the respective Parties to this Agreement and nothing in this


	Section 8.10


	, express or implied, shall confer upon any employee (or any dependent or beneficiary thereof), any rights or remedies, including any right to continuance of employment or any other service relationship with the Purchaser, AEPO or any of their respective Affiliates, or any right to compensation or benefits of any nature or kind whatsoever under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement will be construed as an amendment to any Employee Benefit Plan or any other compensation and benefit plans maintained for or provided to directors, officers or employees of AEPO or its Affiliates prior to or following the Closing.










































	Section 8.11




	Suspense Funds





	.  Purchaser acknowledges that Suspense Funds may exist as of the Closing Date.  If Closing occurs, Purchaser accepts sole responsibility for and agrees to pay all costs and expenses associated with the Suspense Funds as an Assumed Purchaser Obligation.  Purchaser shall receive a credit for the amount of Suspense Funds held by Sellers as


	-46-





	of the date of the preparation of the final settl


	ement statement pursuant to


	Section 10.4(b)


	, which credit shall be accounted for as a downward adjustment in such final settlement statement (but such credit will not, in any event, be considered an adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price).  Notwithsta


	nding the foregoing, AEPO shall pay out all “minimum suspense” in September in accordance with AEPO’s regular practices.  To the extent any such payment is returned to AEPO, AEPO will forward the relevant details to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall assume re


	sponsibility for the payment of such funds.  On or about December 29, 2017, AEPO shall pay to Purchaser the total amount of all returned payments received by AEPO prior to such date.














	Section 8.12




	Access to Financial Information



	.


	(a)



	Following the Execution Date and until the date that is two years following the Closing Date, Sellers agree to make available to Purchaser, during normal business hours, any and all existing information and documents in the possession of Sellers relating to the Assets that Purchaser may reasonably require (i) to comply with tax and financial reporting requirements and audits that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (including the filing by WildHorse Resource Development Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission of one or more registration statements to register any securities of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933) or any information statement on Schedule 14C required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) make any filings with any Governmental Body; and





	(b)



	Following the Execution Date and until the second anniversary of the Closing Date, Sellers will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the independent auditors retained by Purchaser (“


	Purchaser’s Auditor


	”) in connection with their audit or review of any revenue and expense statements and reserve information of the Assets that Purchaser or WildHorse Resource Development Corporation requires to comply with their tax and financial reporting requirements and audits that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which cooperation will include (i) reasonable access during normal business hours to Sellers’ employees, representatives and agents who were responsible for preparing the revenue and expense statements, including Standardized Measure of Oil and Gas, (“


	SMOG


	”) and work papers and other supporting documents used in the preparation of financial statements, as may be reasonably required by Purchaser’s Auditor to perform an audit in accordance with GAAP and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver one or more customary representation letters from Sellers to Purchaser’s Auditor that are reasonably requested by Purchaser or its Affiliates to allow Purchaser’s Auditor to complete an audit (or review of any financial statements) and to issue an opinion with respect to an audit or review of those financial records required pursuant to this


	Section 8.12(b)


	;





	provided

	that (i) Purchaser will reimburse Sellers, within twenty (20) Business Days after demand therefor, for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by Sellers in complying with the provisions of this


	Section 8.12


	, (ii) such requested cooperation does not unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations of Sellers or any Seller’s Affiliates or the ongoing job responsibilities of Sellers’ personnel, (iii) no Seller nor any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants or representatives shall have any liability for any statement,



	-47-





	materials or information by Sellers or any such Person in connection with this


	Section 8.12


	, and Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify Sellers from and against any liabilities incurred in connection with this


	Section 8.12


	, (iv) Sellers’ failure to perform any of its obligations under this


	Section 8.12


	shall not delay the Closing hereunder and Pur


	chaser may not assert that its conditions to Closing under


	Section 9.2


	have not been satisfied due to any failure by Seller to comply with its obligations under this


	Section 8.12


	and (v) Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that any financial information prov


	ided to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 8.12


	shall be unaudited at the time it is provided, and each Seller and such Seller’s Affiliates shall have no obligation to provide audited financial information pursuant to this


	Section 8.12


	; provided, further,


	that without limiting the generality of this


	Section 8.12


	, for a period of three (3) years following the Closing Date, Sellers shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, retain all books, records, information and documents existing at the Closi


	ng and otherwise in their or their Affiliates’ possession that are necessary to prepare and audit financial statements with respect to the Assets, except to the extent originals or copies thereof are transferred to Purchaser in connection with Closing).












	Section 8.13




	Unleased Fee Minerals



	.  From the Closing Date until December 31, 2017, if AEPO or any of its Affiliates desires to grant a lease of any unleased (as of the Closing Date) fee mineral interests owned by AEPO or such Affiliate in Brazos, Burleson, Freestone, Lee, Robertson, or Washington Counties, Texas, AEPO will use commercially reasonable efforts to first offer the right to lease such fee mineral interests to Purchaser prior to leasing to any Person other than Purchaser or its Affiliates, which offer will be in writing (with email being sufficient) and will set forth the material terms and conditions on which AEPO or such Affiliate is willing to lease such interests.  If, within thirty days of Purchaser’s receipt of such offer, Purchaser fails to accept such offer in writing to AEPO or its Affiliates, then AEPO and its Affiliates will have no further obligation under this

	Section 8.13

	with respect to such lease and may grant such lease to any other Person.  If Purchaser accepts such offer, Purchaser and AEPO or such Affiliate will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the lease of such fee mineral interests within ninety days of such acceptance, on the terms and conditions set forth in such offer, and if they do not complete the lease within such ninety day deadline, AEPO and its Affiliates will have no further obligation under this

	Section 8.13

	with respect to such lease and may grant such lease to any other Person









	Section 8.14




	Leased Vehicles



	.  With respect to the Leased Vehicles, AEPO will purchase such Leased Vehicles and have title conveyed directly from the applicable leasing company to Purchaser by executing and delivering the applicable vehicle transfer documentation with respect thereto.  Purchaser will be responsible for the cost of such acquisition and all sales and Transfer Taxes associated with the transfer of title of such Leased Vehicles to Purchaser.  AEPO will inform Purchaser of the acquisition costs per vehicle no later than June 5, 2017. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may elect not to purchase one or more of the Leased Vehicles by providing notice to AEPO no later than June 15, 2017, in which event such Leased Vehicles not purchased by Purchaser will be Excluded Assets for all purposes of this Agreement.


	-48-









































































	ARTICLE 9







































































	CONDITIONS TO CLOSING












































































	Section 9.1




	Sellers’ Conditions to Closing



	.  The obligations of Sellers to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Sellers) on or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions precedent:










	(a)



	Representations


	.  (i) The representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in


	Sections 7.4(b)


	,


	(c)


	and


	(d)


	through


	7.13


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without regard to any materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)




	and (ii) the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in


	Section 7.1


	through


	7.4(a)


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)


	;









	(b)



	Performance


	.  Purchaser shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date;







	(c)



	No Action


	.  On the Closing Date, no Order restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued and remain in force, and no suit, action or other proceeding by any Governmental Body seeking to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking substantial Damages in connection therewith, shall be pending before any Governmental Body;



	(d)



	Parent Guaranty


	. The Parent Guaranty shall be in full force and effect and enforceable;









	(e)



	Governmental Body Approvals


	.  


	All material consents and approvals of any Governmental Body required for the transfer of the Assets from Sellers to Purchaser as contemplated under this Agreement (other than Customary Post-Closing Consents), including those consents required by the HSR Act, shall have been granted, or the necessary waiting period shall have expired, or such waiting period shall have been terminated, as applicable;







	(f)



	Deliveries


	.  Purchaser shall have delivered (or be ready, willing and able to deliver) to Sellers the documents and certificates to be delivered by Purchaser under


	Section 


	10.3


	;











	(g)



	Title; Environmental; Casualty Losses; Consents


	.  The sum (without duplication) of (i) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Title Defect Amounts determined pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	with respect to Title Defects that have not been cured by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Title Defect Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.1(g)


	), (ii) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to



	-49-





	Section 5.1


	that have not been Remediated by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if t


	he Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Remediation Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.1(g)


	), (iii) if Sellers retain any Assets (or portion thereof) pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(


	iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	or


	Section 8.1(a)


	all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of such Assets so retained by Sellers, (iv) all Casualty Losses pursuant to


	Section 4.7


	, that have not been repaired by Sellers on or prior to the Closing


	, and (v) all Alloca


	ted Values (or portions thereof) of Assets excluded from the Closing pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	, shall be less than 15% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;


	and



	(h)



	JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement


	.  The conditions to closing in the JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, and the parties to such agreement shall have indicated that they are ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby.






















































































	Section 9.2




	Purchaser’s Conditions to Closing



	.  The obligations of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Purchaser) on or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions precedent:








	(a)



	Representations


	.  (i) The representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in


	Sections 6.4(b)


	,


	(c)


	and


	(d)




	through




	6.22




	of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (without regard to any materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date)




	and (ii) the representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in


	Section 6.1


	through




	Section 6.4(a)


	of this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct on and as of such specified date);











	(b)



	Performance


	.  Sellers shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements to be performed or observed by Sellers under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date;







	(c)



	No Action


	.  On the Closing Date, no Order restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued and remain in force, and no suit, action or other proceeding by any Governmental Body seeking to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking substantial Damages in connection therewith, shall be pending before any Governmental Body;



	(d)



	Governmental Body Approvals


	.  


	All material consents and approvals of any Governmental Body required for the transfer of the Assets from Sellers to Purchaser as contemplated under this Agreement (other than Customary Post-Closing Consents), including those consents required by the HSR Act, shall have been granted, or the necessary waiting period shall have expired, or such waiting period shall have terminated, as applicable;



	-50-







	(e)




	Deliveries


	.  Sellers shall have delivered (or be ready, willing and able to deliver) to Pu


	rchaser the documents and certificates to be delivered by Sellers under


	Section 10.2


	;











	(f)



	Title; Environmental; Casualty Losses; Consents; Preferential Rights


	. The sum (without duplication) of (i) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Title Defect Amounts determined pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	with respect to Title Defects that have not been cured by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Title Defect Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.2(f)


	), (ii) except as set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof, all Remediation Amounts for Adverse Environmental Conditions determined pursuant to


	Section 5.1


	that have not been Remediated by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, subject to the Defect Threshold and the Aggregate Defect Deductible (provided if the Parties have not agreed as to the applicable Remediation Amount, Purchaser’s good faith estimate shall be used for purposes of this


	Section 9.2(f)


	), (iii) if Sellers retain any Assets (or portion thereof) pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	, or


	Section 8.1(a)


	all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of such Assets so retained by Sellers, (iv) all Casualty Losses pursuant to


	Section 4.7


	, that have not been repaired by Sellers on or prior to the Closing, and (v) all Allocated Values (or portions thereof) of Assets excluded from the Closing pursuant to


	Section 4.6(b)


	or


	Section 4.6(c)


	, shall be less than 15% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price; and



	(g)



	JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement


	.  The conditions to closing in the JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with their terms, and the parties to such agreement shall have indicated that they are ready, willing and able to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby.















































	ARTICLE 10














































	CLOSING












































































	Section 10.1




	Time and Place of Closing



	.  Consummation of the purchase and sale transaction as contemplated by this Agreement (the “

	Closing

	”) shall, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties, take place at the offices of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to Sellers, located at 1000 Louisiana, Suite 6000, Houston, Texas 77002, at 10:00 a.m., Central Time, on June 30, 2017, or, if all conditions in

	Article 9

	to be satisfied prior to the Closing have not yet been satisfied or waived by such date, within five Business Days of such conditions having been satisfied or waived (in each case, excluding any conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of such conditions), subject to the Parties’ rights to terminate this Agreement under

	Article 11

	.  The date on which the Closing occurs is herein referred to as the “

	Closing Date

	.”











































































	Section 10.2




	Obligations of Sellers at Closing



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, and subject to the simultaneous performance by Purchaser of its obligations pursuant to

	Section 10.3

	, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following:


	-51-











	(a)




	Counterparts of the Conveyances of the Assets, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and of


	fices, duly executed by Sellers and acknowledged before a notary public;













	(b)



	Assignments in form required by any Governmental Body for the assignment of any Assets controlled by such Governmental Body (excluding Customary Post-Closing Consents), duly executed by Sellers, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording and filing in all appropriate offices;





	(c)



	A certificate from each Seller, duly executed by an authorized officer of such Seller, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying on behalf of such Seller that the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2(a)


	and


	Section 9.2(b)


	have been fulfilled;











	(d)



	Counterparts of the Surface Deed, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by AEPO and acknowledged before a notary public;



	(e)



	Counterparts of the Term Royalty Deed, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by AEPO or its applicable Affiliate and acknowledged before a notary public;



	(f)



	If the applicable consents to assign and releases of liability have been received by Sellers prior to the Closing, counterparts of the assignment of the AESC Contracts, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(g)



	If Remediation of the Current Remediation Matter has not been completed prior to the Closing, counterparts of the Site Access Agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, duly executed by AEPO;



	(h)



	An executed statement described in Treasury Regulation § 1.1445-2(b)(2) certifying that each Seller is not a foreign person within the meaning of the Code, substantially in the form of


	Exhibit D


	attached hereto;



	(i)



	Counterparts of the change of operator forms required by the applicable regulatory authority, duly executed by the applicable Seller;



	(j)



	Counterparts of the escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, to the extent necessary under the terms of this Agreement duly executed by the Sellers party thereto;







	(k)



	All necessary letters in lieu of transfer orders, substantially in the form set forth on


	Exhibit E


	, directing all purchasers of production to pay Purchaser the proceeds attributable to production from each Property from and after the Effective Time;



	(l)



	Counterparts of the Preliminary Settlement Statement, duly executed by Sellers;





	(m)



	A recordable release of any deed of trust, mortgages, financing statements, fixture filings or security agreements imposed by any Debt Contract to which any Seller or any Affiliate



	-52-





	of Sellers is a party burdening the Properties in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser; and



	(n)



	All other instruments, documents and other items reasonably necessary to effectuate the terms of this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser.










































































	Section 10.3




	Obligations of Purchaser at Closing



	.  At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, and subject to the simultaneous performance by Sellers of their obligations pursuant to

	Section 10.2

	, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers the following:






	(a)



	A wire transfer in immediately available funds of the Closing Payment, as adjusted pursuant to the Preliminary Settlement Statement, to the account(s) designated by Sellers, which designation shall be furnished to Purchaser no later than two days prior to the Closing Date;







	(b)



	Counterparts of the Conveyances of Assets, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by Purchaser and acknowledged before a notary public;











	(c)



	Assignments in form required by any Governmental Body for the assignment of any Assets controlled by such Governmental Body (excluding any Customary Post-Closing Consents), duly executed by Purchaser, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording and filing in all appropriate offices;





	(d)



	A certificate duly executed by an authorized officer of Purchaser, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying on behalf of Purchaser that the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1(a)


	and


	Section 9.1(b)


	have been fulfilled;







	(e)



	Counterparts of the Surface Deed, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by Purchaser and acknowledged before a notary public;



	(f)



	Counterparts of the Term Royalty Deed, in sufficient duplicate originals to allow recording in all appropriate jurisdictions and offices, duly executed by Purchaser and acknowledged before a notary public;



	(g)



	If the applicable consents to assign and releases of liability have been received by Sellers prior to the Closing, counterparts of the assignments of the AESC Contracts, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(h)



	If Remediation of the Current Remediation Matter has not been completed prior to the Closing, counterparts of the Site Access Agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(i)



	Evidence of replacement bonds, guaranties and letters of credit required pursuant to


	Section 8.7


	;



	-53-







	(j)




	Counterparts of the change of operator


	forms required by the applicable regulatory authority, duly executed by Purchaser or its designee;







	(k)



	Counterparts of the Preliminary Settlement Statement, duly executed by Purchaser;



	(l)



	Counterparts of the escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers and Purchaser, to the extent necessary under the terms of this Agreement, duly executed by Purchaser; and



	(m)



	All other instruments, documents and other items reasonably necessary to effectuate the terms of this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by Sellers.


















































































































	Section 10.4




	Closing Payment and Post-Closing Unadjusted Purchase Price Adjustments



	.












	(a)



	Not later than seven Business Days prior to Closing, or such other date agreed to by the Parties, Sellers shall prepare and deliver to Purchaser, using the best information available to Sellers, a preliminary settlement statement (the “


	Preliminary Settlement Statement


	”) estimating the initial Adjusted Purchase Price after giving effect to all adjustments set forth in


	Section 3.4


	.  


	Purchaser will have two Business Days after receipt of the Preliminary Settlement Statement to review such statement and to provide written notice to Sellers of objections to any item on the statement.  The Parties shall attempt to agree on the amounts in the Preliminary Settlement Statement no later than one Business Day before Closing.  The amount agreed to in accordance with this


	Section 10.4(a)


	(or if the Parties are unable to agree, the amount or amounts set forth in Sellers’ estimate delivered in accordance with this


	Section 10.4(a)


	)


	less


	the Deposit and any amount deposited to the Escrow Agent pursuant to


	Section 4.4


	and


	Section 5.2


	shall constitute the dollar amount of consideration to be paid by Purchaser to Sellers at the Closing (the “


	Closing Payment


	”).  For the avoidance of doubt, the entire Deposit shall be netted against the Unadjusted Purchase Price in the Preliminary Settlement Statement in accordance with


	Section 3.2


	.  













	(b)



	As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing but not later than the later of (x) the last day of the fourth month following the Closing Date and (y) the date on which the Parties finally determine or the Title Expert or Environmental Expert, as applicable, finally determines, all Disputed Title Matters under


	Section 4.4


	and all Disputed Environmental Matters under


	Section 5.2


	, Sellers shall prepare and deliver to Purchaser a statement setting forth (i) the final calculation of the Adjusted Purchase Price, (ii) the amount of Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs as described in


	Section 2.4(c)


	and (iii) the amount of any Suspense Funds held by Sellers as of the date such statement is prepared, and showing the calculation of each such adjustment or item, based, to the extent possible, on actual credits, charges, receipts and other items before and after the Effective Time.  Sellers shall, at Purchaser’s request, supply available documentation in reasonable detail to support any credit, charge, receipt or other item.  As soon as reasonably practicable but not later than the 30th day following receipt of Sellers’ statement hereunder, Purchaser shall deliver to Sellers a written report containing any changes that Purchaser proposes be made to such statement.  Sellers may deliver a written report to Purchaser



	-54-





	during this same period refle


	cting any changes that Sellers propose to be made to such statement as a result of additional information received after the statement was prepared


	.











	(c)



	The Parties shall undertake to agree on the final settlement statement.  In the event that the Parties cannot reach agreement within a reasonable period of time, either Party may refer the remaining matters in dispute to the Houston, Texas office of Grant Thornton LLP (the “


	Independent Accountant


	”) for review and final determination.  In the event that Grant Thornton LLP refuses or is otherwise unable to act as the Independent Accountant, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to appoint an independent certified public accounting firm qualified and of national recognition in the United States that is mutually agreeable to the Parties, in which event “Independent Accountant” shall mean such firm.  Within 15 days after either Party’s referral of the remaining matters in dispute to the Independent Accountant, Purchaser (on the one hand) and Sellers (on the other hand) shall submit separate written statements setting forth their respective positions with respect to all matters that remain in dispute relating to the final settlement statement.  Within 30 days after the submission of such matters to the Independent Accountant, or as soon as practicable thereafter, the Independent Accountant, acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator, will make a final determination, binding on Sellers and Purchaser (absent fraud or manifest error), and enforceable by either Party in any court of competent jurisdiction.  There shall be no


	ex parte


	communications between any of Sellers or Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Independent Accountant, on the other hand, relating to those matters in dispute, other than the initial written submission by Sellers and Purchaser of their respective positions on the matters in dispute and written answers by Sellers and Purchaser to written questions from the Independent Accountant.  The Independent Accountant shall be authorized to select only the position as to any adjustment set forth in the final settlement statement as presented by either Sellers (on the one hand) or Purchaser (on the other hand).  The Independent Accountant shall act as an independent neutral expert for the limited purpose of determining the specific disputed matters submitted by the Parties and may not award Damages, interest or penalties to the Parties with respect to any matter.  The Independent Accountant shall have no power to reach any other result and shall select the adjustment or line item set forth in the final settlement statement that, in its judgment, is the closest to being in conformity with this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Accountant shall not make any determination with respect to any matter other than those matters affecting the calculations of the final settlement statement that remain in dispute.  Sellers and Purchaser shall each bear its own legal fees and other costs of presenting its written submissions to the Independent Accountant.  The costs of the Independent Accountant shall be borne by Sellers, on the one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, based on the proportion the amount awarded in such Parties’ favor bears to the aggregate amount submitted to the Independent Accountant for determination.













	(d)



	Within ten days after the earliest of (i) the expiration of Purchaser’s 30-day review period without delivery of any written report by Purchaser as contemplated in


	Section 10.4(b)


	, (ii) the date on which the Parties finally determine the matters required to be set forth in the final settlement statement and (iii) the date on which the Independent Accountant finally determines the disputed matters submitted to it, as applicable, (A) Purchaser shall pay to Sellers the amount by which (i) the final Adjusted Purchase Price,


	less


	the Deposit amount,


	plus


	the amount of the Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs,


	less


	the Suspense Funds, exceeds (2) the Closing Payment or (B) Sellers shall pay to Purchaser the amount by which the Closing



	-55-





	Payment exceeds the final Adjusted Purchase Price,


	less


	the Deposit amount,


	plus


	the amount of the Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs,


	less


	the Suspense Funds, as applicable.









	(e)



	Purchaser shall assist Sellers in the preparation of the final statement of the Adjusted Purchase Price under


	Section 10.4(d)


	by furnishing invoices, receipts, reasonable access to personnel, and such other assistance as may be reasonably requested by Sellers to facilitate such process post-Closing.







	(f)



	All cash payments made or to be made under this Agreement shall be made by electronic transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the appropriate Party in writing (with email being sufficient).











































































	ARTICLE 11










































































	TERMINATION






















































































	Section 11.1




	Termination



	.  This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:






	(a)



	by the mutual written consent of Sellers and Purchaser;























	(b)



	by either Purchaser or Sellers if the Closing has not occurred on or before July 31, 2017, or such later date as shall be mutually agreed to in writing by Purchaser and Sellers;















	(c)



	by Sellers if (i) the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2


	have been satisfied or waived in writing (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing); (ii) Sellers have confirmed in writing that Sellers are ready, w


	illing and able to consummate the Closing; and (iii) Purchaser shall have failed for any reason to consummate the Closing by the date the Closing should have occurred pursuant to


	Section 10.1


	;











	(d)



	by Purchaser if (i) the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1


	have been satisfied or waived in writing (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing); (ii) Purchaser has confirmed in writing that Purchaser is ready, willing and able to consummate the Closing; and (iii) Sellers shall have failed for any reason to consummate the Closing by the date the Closing should have occurred pursuant to


	Section 10.1


	;











	(e)



	by either Party if any Governmental Body shall have commenced or threatened to commence any proceeding to delay or enjoin the tra




	nsactions contemplated by this Agreement;





	(f)



	by Sellers if the Parent Guaranty ceases to be in full force and effect and enforceable; or



	(g)



	by AEPO (on behalf of Sellers), upon written notice to Purchaser, if Purchaser has not paid the


	Deposit


	to Sellers in accordance with


	Section 3.2


	within one Business Day after the Execution Date, provided the termination right described in this


	Section 11.1(g)


	must be exercised, if ever, prior to Sellers’ receipt of the Deposit;



	-56-







	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that no Party shall be enti


	tled to terminate this Agreement under


	Section 11.1(b)


	,


	11.1(c)


	or


	11.1(d)


	if the Closing has failed to occur because such Party negligently or willfully failed to perform or observe in any material respect its covenants or agreements hereunder.










































































	Section 11.2




	Effect of Termination



	.  If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to

	Section 11.1

	, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force or effect, except for the Confidentiality Agreement and the provisions of

	Section 8.1(d)

	, 

	Section 8.1(e)

	,

	Section 8.3

	,

	Section 8.4(c)

	,

	Section 8.10(f)

	,

	Article 11

	,

	Section 14.1

	through

	Section 14.11

	,

	Section 14.13

	,

	Section 14.18

	and

	Appendix A

	, which shall continue in full force and effect, and Sellers shall be free immediately to enjoy all rights of ownership of the Assets and to sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Assets to any Person without any restriction under this Agreement.  

















































































	Section 11.3




	Remedies for Breach; Distribution of Deposit Upon Termination



	.








	(a)



	If Sellers could terminate this Agreement (i) under


	Section 11.1(b)


	, and Purchaser’s breach or failure to perform its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, individually or in the aggregate, with all other breaches and failures to perform by Purchaser that have not been waived in writing by Sellers, are preventing or have prevented the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in


	Section 9.1


	, (ii) pursuant to


	Section 11.1(c)


	or (iii) pursuant to


	Section 11.1(f)


	, then, in each case, Sellers, at their option, may, as their sole and exclusive remedy, either (1) terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit together with any interest or income thereon, as liquidated damages, free of any claims by Purchaser or any other Person with respect thereto or (2) seek an injunction, order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement and deduct the costs of pursuing such relief from the Deposit.  If Sellers elect to retain the Deposit but are, for any reason, prohibited from retaining the Deposit as liquidated damages, Sellers may then pursue whatever legal or equitable rights and remedies may be available to Sellers, provided any such damages recovered from Purchaser may not exceed an amount equal to the Deposit.  If Sellers elect to pursue an injunction, order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement and are unable to obtain such specific performance, then Sellers shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit together with any interest or income thereon, as liquidated damages, free of any claims by Purchaser or any other Person with respect thereto.  In the event Sellers elect to terminate this Agreement and retain the Deposit, Sellers shall be free to enjoy immediately all rights of ownership of the Assets and to sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Assets to any party without any restriction under this Agreement.  


	It is expressly stipulated by the Parties that the actual amount of damages resulting from any such termination would be difficult, if not impossible, to determine accurately because of the unique nature of this Agreement, the unique nature of the Assets, the uncertainties of applicable commodity markets and differences of opinion with respect to such matters, and that the liquidated damages provided for herein are a reasonable estimate by the Parties of such damages


	.







	(b)



	If Purchaser could terminate this Agreement pursuant to (i)


	Section 11.1(b)


	, and Sellers’ breach or failure to perform their representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder, individually or in the aggregate, with all other breaches and failures to perform that have not been waived in writing, are preventing or have prevented the satisfaction of the



	-57-





	conditions set forth in


	Section 9.2


	or (ii)


	Section 11.1(d)


	, then, Purchaser


	, at its option, may either


	(i) terminate this Agreement, receive back the entirety of the Deposit (which Sellers shall promptly return to Purchaser upon Purchaser’s proper ter


	mination of this Agreement pursuant to this


	Section 11.3(b)


	without any interest accrued thereon, free of any claims by any Seller or any other Person with respect thereto


	) and seek to recover damages from Sellers up to but not exceeding the amount of the


	Deposit or




	(ii)


	in lieu of terminating this Agreement, seek an injunction and order of specific performance or other equitable relief to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement,


	in either case, as its sole and exclusive remedy, all


	other remedies being expressly waived by Purchaser


	.









	(c)



	If this Agreement is terminated under


	Section 11.1


	for any reason other than the reasons set forth in




	Section 11.3(a)


	or


	Section 11.3(b)


	, Sellers shall refund to Purchaser the Deposit, without any interest accrued thereon, free of any claims by any Seller or any other Person with respect thereto, and the Parties will have no further obligation or liability to one another hereunder other than as set forth in this


	Section 11.3


	,


	Section 11.2


	and the Confidentiality Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Purchaser shall not be entitled to receive interest on the Deposit, whether the Deposit is applied against the Unadjusted Purchase Price or returned to Purchaser pursuant to this


	Section 11.3(c)


	.



	(d)



	Upon termination of this Agreement, Purchaser shall destroy or return to Sellers all title, engineering, geological and geophysical data, environmental assessments and reports, maps, documents and other information furnished by Sellers to Purchaser or prepared by or on behalf of Purchaser in connection with its due diligence of the Assets, and an officer of Purchaser shall confirm the same to Sellers in writing.













































































































	ARTICLE 12












































































































	ASSUMPTION; INDEMNIFICATION
































































	Section 12.1




	Assumption by Purchaser








	.





	Without limiting Purchaser’s rights to indemnity under

	Section 12.2

	, Purchaser’s remedies for Title Defects in

	Article 4

	and Adverse Environmental Conditions in

	Article 5

	and Purchaser remedies for breaches of the special warranty of title contained in the Conveyances and the Deeds, on the Closing Date, Purchaser shall assume and hereby agrees to fulfill, perform, pay and discharge (or cause to be timely fulfilled, performed, paid or discharged) all of the Assumed Purchaser Obligations.































































































































	Section 12.2




	Indemnification



	.








	(a)



	Upon the Closing, Purchaser shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller Group from and against all Damages incurred, suffered by or asserted against such Persons:









	(i)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from the Assumed Purchaser Obligations,


	REGARDLESS OF FAULT


	;

















	(ii)









	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of or failure to perform any of Purchaser’s covenants or agreements in this Agreement; or



	-58-











	(iii)




	caused by or arising out of or resulting from a


	ny breach of any representation or warranty made by Purchaser in


	Article 7


	or in the certificate delivered pursuant to




	Section 10.3(d)


	.









	(b)



	Upon the Closing,


	Sellers


	shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser Group from and against all Damages incurred, suffered by or asserted against such Persons:











	(i)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from the Retained Seller Obligations,


	REGARDLESS OF FAULT


	;











	(ii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of or failure to perform any of Sellers’ covenants or agreements in this Agreement; or















	(iii)



	caused by or arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by Sellers in


	Article 6


	or in the certificate delivered pursuant to


	Section 10.2(c)


	.







	(c)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if the Closing occurs, this


	Section 12.2


	contains the Parties’ and their Affiliates exclusive remedies against each other with respect to breaches of the representations and warranties of the Parties in


	Article 6


	and


	Article 7


	,




	the covenants and agreements of the Parties in this Agreement, the affirmations of such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the certificate delivered by each Party at the Closing pursuant to


	Section 10.3(d)


	, with respect to Purchaser, or


	Section 10.2(c)


	, with respect to Sellers, except for actions of specific performance or other equitable relief expressly permitted to be sought pursuant to this Agreement.  Except for the remedies contained in the Conveyances and the Deeds or in this


	Section 12.2


	,


	Section 8.1(e)


	,


	Section 11.2


	,


	Section 11.3


	and


	Section 14.17


	, and under the Site Access Agreement, if the Closing occurs,


	SELLERS AND PURCHASER EACH RELEASE, REMISE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE THE OTHER PARTY (OR PARTIES, AS APPLICABLE) AND THEIR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL SUITS, LEGAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS, LIABILITIES, INTEREST, OR CAUSES OF ACTION WHATSOEVER, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, WHICH SUCH PARTIES MIGHT NOW OR SUBSEQUENTLY MAY HAVE, BASED ON, RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF (i) THIS AGREEMENT, (ii) SELLERS’ OWNERSHIP, USE OR OPERATION OF THE ASSETS, (iii) THE CONDITION, QUALITY, STATUS OR NATURE OF THE ASSETS, INCLUDING RIGHTS TO CONTRIBUTION UNDER CERCLA OR ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL LAW, (iv) BREACHES OF STATUTORY OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, (v) NUISANCE OR OTHER TORT ACTIONS, (vi) RIGHTS TO PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND COMMON LAW RIGHTS OF CONTRIBUTION AND (vii) SUBJECT TO


	SECTION 4.7


	, RIGHTS UNDER INSURANCE MAINTAINED BY SELLERS OR ANY PERSON WHO IS AN AFFILIATE OF ANY SELLER, REGARDLESS OF FAULT.













	(d)



	Claims for Property Costs and proceeds from Hydrocarbon production shall be exclusively


	handled


	pursuant to


	Section 2.4


	, the Unadjusted Purchase Price adjustments in



	-59-





	Section 3.4


	, and pursuant to


	Section 10.4


	, and shall not be subject to indemnification under this


	Section 12.2


	.  Claims for Title Defects (and Title Benefits) shall be exc


	lusively handled pursuant to


	Article


	4


	, or under the special warranty of title in the Conveyances and the Deeds, and Adverse Environmental Conditions shall be exclusively handled pursuant to


	Article


	4


	and


	Article 


	5


	, as applicable, and shall not be subject


	to indemnification under this


	Section 12.2


	, except as an Assumed Purchaser Obligation or as a Retained Seller Obligation


	or for breaches of the Specified Representations or the representations and warranties of Sellers in


	Section 6.21


	, as determined pursua


	nt to


	Article


	4


	and


	Article 5


	.  Claims relating to the final settlement statement (other than any claim relating to an adjustment for Property Taxes) shall be exclusively handled pursuant to the dispute resolution provisions of


	Section 10.4


	.  


	Notwithstandi


	ng the foregoing, a breach or failure to perform with respect to any covenant or agreement described in the foregoing sections of this


	Section 12.2(d)


	are (and shall be) subject to claims for indemnification pursuant to


	Section 12.2(a)(ii)


	and


	Section 12.2


	(b)(ii)


	, as applicable.











	(e)



	The indemnity of each Party provided in this


	Section 12.2


	shall be for the benefit of and extend to each Person included in the Seller Group and the Purchaser Group, as applicable;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that any claim for indemnity under this


	Section 12.2


	by any such Person must be brought and administered by a Party to this Agreement.  No indemnified Person other than Sellers and Purchaser shall have any rights against Sellers or Purchaser under the terms of this


	Section 12.2


	except as may be exercised on its behalf by Purchaser or Sellers, as applicable, pursuant to this


	Section 12.2(e)


	.  Each of Sellers and Purchaser may elect to exercise or not exercise indemnification rights under this


	Section 12.2


	on behalf of the other indemnified Persons which are members of the Seller Group or Purchaser Group, as applicable, in its sole discretion and shall have no liability to any such other indemnified Persons for any action or inaction under this


	Section 12.2


	.










































































	Section 12.3




	Indemnification Actions





	.  Each Party claiming it is entitled to indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify the Party or Parties from which it is seeking indemnification of any matter of which it becomes aware and for which it is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement.  The indemnifying Party shall be obligated to defend, at the indemnifying Party’s sole expense, any litigation or other administrative or adversarial proceeding against the indemnified Party relating to any matter for which the indemnifying Party has agreed to indemnify and hold the indemnified Party harmless under this Agreement.  However, the indemnified Party shall have the right to participate with the indemnifying Party in the defense of any such matter at its own expense.  The indemnifying Party shall have the right to select counsel for any matters it is defending, provided that the indemnified Party shall have the right to require the indemnifying Party to select alternative counsel if such counsel is, at such time, adverse to the indemnified Party in any legal proceeding, whether or not such proceeding is related to this Agreement.  The indemnifying party shall not, without the written consent of the indemnified party, (i) settle any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect thereto which does not include an unconditional written release of the indemnified party from all liability and Damages in  respect of such third party claim or (ii) settle any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect thereto in any manner that may materially and adversely affect the indemnified party (other than as a result of money damages covered by the indemnity). With respect to any claim subject to indemnification pursuant to this

	Article 12

	or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, the indemnified party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate (at the indemnifying party’s sole cost and expense) with the indemnifying party in


	-60-





	asserting any defense that may be available to the indemnified party with respect to any such claim.  In the


	case of a  claim for indemnification not based upon a Third Party claim, the indemnifying party shall have thirty (30) days from its receipt of a notice of such claim to (i) cure the Damages complained of, (ii) admit its obligation to provide indemnificati


	on with respect to such Damages or (iii) dispute the claim for such indemnification.  If the indemnifying party does not notify the indemnified party within such thirty (30) day period that it has cured the Damages or that it disputes the claim for such in


	demnification, the indemnifying party shall be conclusively deemed obligated to provide such indemnification hereunder.
































































	Section 12.4




	Limitation on Actions



	.








	(a)



	The representations and warranties of the Parties in


	Article 6


	and


	Article 7


	and the corresponding representations and warranties given in the certificates delivered at the Closing pursuant to


	Section 10.3(d)


	and


	Section 10.2(c)


	, as applicable, and the covenants and agreements of the Parties set forth in


	Article 8


	of this Agreement (except for those set forth in


	clause (iii)


	hereof), shall survive the Closing for a period of twelve


	months


	, except that (i) the representations and warranties in


	Section 6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	,


	Section 6.6


	,


	Section 7.1


	,


	Section 7.2


	and


	Section 7.4(a)


	shall survive indefinitely and (iii) the covenants and agreements, as applicable, in


	Section 8.1(e)


	,


	Section 8.3


	,


	Section 8.6


	,


	Section 8.7


	,


	Section 8.9


	,


	Section 8.11


	and


	Section 8.12


	shall survive indefinitely, and any covenants or agreements that by their terms are applicable beyond the twelve-month anniversary of the Closing shall survive in accordance with their terms.  The remainder of this Agreement (including the disclaimers in


	Section 6.23


	) shall survive the Closing without time limit except for the provisions of


	Article 13


	, which shall survive the Closing until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.  Representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall be of no further force and effect after the date of their expiration;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that there shall be no termination of any bona fide claim for indemnification that has been delivered to the indemnifying Person in accordance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to such a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement prior to its expiration date and such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement shall survive until such claim is fully and finally resolved.







	(b)



	The indemnities in


	Section 12.2(a)(ii)


	,


	Section 12.2(a)(iii)


	,


	Section 12.2(b)(ii)


	and




	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	shall terminate as of the termination date of each respective representation, warranty, covenant or agreement that is subject to indemnification thereunder, except in each case as to matters for which a bona fide claim for indemnity has been delivered in good faith to the indemnifying Person on or before such termination date, in which event such indemnities shall not terminate until such claim is fully and finally resolved.  The indemnities in


	Section 12.2(b)(i)


	shall terminate as of the expiration of the applicable Retained Seller Obligation (as provided in the definition thereof) (


	provided


	,


	however


	, that there shall be no termination of any bona fide claim for indemnity that has been delivered to the indemnifying Person in accordance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to such


	Section 12.2(b)(i)


	prior to its expiration date, in which event such indemnities shall not terminate until such claim is fully and finally resolved), and the indemnities in


	Section 12.2(a)(i)




	shall survive indefinitely.













	(c)



	Sellers shall not have any liability for any indemnification under


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	until and unless (i) with respect to any individual claim for Damages, the amount of such Damages exceeds $100,000.00




	(the “


	Indemnity Threshold


	”) and (ii) the



	-61-





	aggregate


	amount of the liability for all Damages claimed by Purchaser and that exceed the Indemnity Threshold exceeds 3% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price, and then only to the extent that such Damages exceed 3%




	of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the foregoing shall not be applicable to breaches of those representations and warranties in


	Section 


	6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	, or  


	Section 6.6


	.









	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Sellers shall not be required to indemnify the Purchaser Group under


	Section 12.2(b)(iii)


	for aggregate Damages in excess of 10% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price;


	provided


	,


	however


	,




	that the foregoing shall not be applicable to breaches of those representations and warranties in


	Section 6.1


	,


	Section 6.2


	,


	Section 6.3


	,


	Section 6.4(a)


	, or


	Section 6.6


	.



	(e)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Sellers shall not be required to indemnify the Purchaser Group under this


	Article 12


	for aggregate Damages in excess of the Unadjusted Purchase Price.



	(f)



	The amount of any Damages for which an Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnity under this


	Article 12


	shall be reduced by the amount of insurance proceeds, if any, realized by the Indemnified Person or its Affiliates with respect to such Damages, net of any collection costs and excluding the proceeds of any insurance policy issued or underwritten by the Indemnified Person or its Affiliates.







	(g)



	Purchaser shall not be entitled to indemnification or any other remedy under this Agreement with respect to any Damages or other liability, loss, cost, expense, claim, award or judgment to the extent caused by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates as owner or operator of any of the Properties.







	(h)



	For purposes of determining the amount of any recovery under this


	Article 12


	, the words “Material Adverse Effect,” “material adverse effect,” “material,” “materiality,” and words of similar import in the applicable representations, warranties, covenants or agreements shall be disregarded.  


	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event will the Seller Group or the Purchaser Group be entitled to duplicate recovery under this


	Article 12


	with respect to (i) any Damage, even though the facts or series of related facts giving rise to such Damage may constitute a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth herein, in the Conveyances, the Deeds, or in any document delivered in connection with the Closing or (ii) any adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price pursuant to


	Section 3.4


	.























































































	ARTICLE 13






















































































	TAX MATTERS
































































	Section 13.1




	Responsibility for Tax Filings and Payment





	.  After the Closing Date, (a) Sellers shall be responsible for paying any and all Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom for all Tax periods ending before the Effective Time and shall file with the appropriate Governmental Body any and all Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to such Property Taxes, and (b) except as set forth in

	clause (a)

	hereof, Purchaser shall be responsible for paying any and all Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of


	-62-





	Hydrocarbons therefrom and shall file with the appropriat


	e Governmental Body any and all Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to such Property Taxes.  To the extent a Tax Return for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder relates to a Tax period that includes the Effective Time, Purchaser shall prepare


	such Tax Return in a manner consistent with Sellers’ past practices except as otherwise required by applicable Laws, and shall submit such Tax Return to Sellers for their review and comment no fewer than 30 days prior to the due date therefor.  Purchaser


	shall timely file any such Tax Return, incorporating any reasonable comments received from Sellers prior to the due date therefor.












































































	Section 13.2




	Apportionment of Property Taxes



	.  For purposes of this Agreement, Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom, but excluding Property Taxes that are based on the quantity or value of production of Hydrocarbons, shall be apportioned between Sellers and Purchaser as of the Effective Time with (a) Sellers being responsible for all such Property Taxes for Tax periods ending prior to the Effective Time and a proportionate share of the actual amount of such Taxes for a Tax period in which the Effective Time occurs (a “

	Current Tax Period

	”) determined by

	multiplying

	such actual Taxes by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Current Tax Period prior to the day that includes the Effective Time and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Current Tax Period and (b) Purchaser being responsible for all such Property Taxes for Tax periods beginning on or after the day that includes the Effective Time and a proportionate share of the actual amount of such Taxes for a Current Tax Period determined by

	multiplying

	such actual Taxes by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Current Tax Period on and after the day that includes the Effective Time and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Current Tax Period.  Property Taxes that are based on the quantity of or the value of production of Hydrocarbons shall be apportioned between Sellers and Purchaser based on the number of units or value of production actually produced, as applicable, before and at, with regard to Sellers, or after, with regard to Purchaser, the Effective Time.











	Section 13.3




	Cooperation.



	(a)



	From and after the Closing Date, each Seller shall grant to Purchaser (or its designees) reasonable access at all reasonable times to the information, books and records relating to the Assets within the possession of Sellers (including work papers and correspondence with taxing authorities, but excluding work product of and attorney-client communications with any of Sellers’ legal counsel and personnel files), and shall afford Purchaser (or its designees) the right (at Purchaser’s expense) to take extracts therefrom and to make copies thereof, to the extent reasonably necessary to permit Purchaser (or its designees) to prepare Tax Returns for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder, to conduct negotiations with Tax authorities, and to implement the provisions of, or to investigate or defend any claims between the Parties arising under, this Agreement.





	(b)



	From and after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall grant to each Seller (or Sellers’ designees) reasonable access at all reasonable times to the information, books and records relating to the Assets within the possession of Purchaser (including work papers and correspondence with taxing authorities, but excluding work product of and attorney-client communications with any of Purchaser’s legal counsel and personnel files), and shall afford



	-63-





	Sellers (or Sellers’ designees) the right (at Sellers’ expense) to take extracts therefrom and to make copies thereof, to the extent reasonably necessary to permit Sellers (or


	Sellers’ designees) to prepare Tax Returns for which Sellers are responsible hereunder, to conduct negotiations with Tax authorities, and to implement the provisions of, or to investigate or defend any claims between the Parties arising under, this Agreeme


	nt.



	(c)



	Except with respect to Income Taxes, each of the Parties hereto will preserve and retain all schedules, work papers and other documents within such Party’s possession relating to any Tax Returns of or with respect to Taxes relating to the Assets or to any claims, audits or other proceedings with respect thereto until the latest of (i) the expiration of the statute of limitations (including extensions) applicable to the taxable period to which such documents relate, (ii) the final determination of any controversy with respect to such taxable period, (iii) the final determination of any payments that may be required with respect to such taxable period under this Agreement, and (iv) seven (7) years after the Closing Date.



	(d)



	At either Purchaser’s or Sellers’ request, the other Party shall provide reasonable access to Purchaser’s or Sellers’, as the case may be, and their respective Affiliates’ personnel who have knowledge of the information described in this


	Section 13.3


	.














































































	Section 13.4




	Like-Kind Exchange



	.  Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Purchaser shall have the right to structure the transactions contemplated under the terms of this Agreement as a Like-Kind Exchange.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in connection with effectuating a Like-Kind Exchange, each Party shall have the right, at or prior to the Closing Date or any subsequent Closing, to assign all or a portion of its rights under this Agreement (the “

	Assigned Rights

	”) to a “qualified intermediary” (as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation § 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4)) or to a “qualified exchange accommodation titleholder” (as that term is defined in U.S. Revenue Procedure 2000-37).  In the event a Party (in its capacity as an exchanging party, referred to in this

	Section 13.4

	as an “

	Exchanging Party

	”) assigns the Assigned Rights to a “qualified intermediary” pursuant to this

	Section 13.4

	, then such Exchanging Party agrees to notify Sellers in writing of such assignment reasonably in advance of the Closing Date.  In addition, should a Party choose to effectuate a Like-Kind Exchange, the Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in the completion of such an exchange, including the execution of all documents reasonably necessary to effectuate such a Like-Kind Exchange;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that (a) the Closing Date shall not be delayed or affected by reason of the Like-Kind Exchange, (b) the Exchanging Party shall effect its Like-Kind Exchange through an assignment of the Assigned Rights to a “qualified intermediary” or to a “qualified exchange accommodation titleholder,” but such assignment shall not release such Exchanging Party from any of its liabilities or obligations under this Agreement and (c) the non-Exchanging Party shall incur no additional costs, expenses, fees or Damages as a result of or in connection with the exchange requested by the Exchanging Party.  Each Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that any assignment of this Agreement pursuant to this

	Section 13.4

	shall not release a Party from, or modify, any of its respective liabilities and obligations (including indemnity obligations to the other Party) under this Agreement.  Neither Party, by its consent to a Like-Kind Exchange by the other Party, shall be responsible in any way for the Exchanging Party’s compliance with the rules applicable to such other Party’s Like-Kind Exchange.


	-64-































































	Section 13.5




	Refunds



	.  Purchaser agrees to pay to Sellers the amount of any refund, credit against Tax or other Tax benefit (including any refunds, credits or rebates) together with any interest thereon received from a Governmental Body after the Closing by Purchaser or its Affiliates in respect of any Property Taxes due with respect to the ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax benefit or amount attributable to a reduction in severance Taxes that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to or at the Effective Time), prior to or at the Effective Time (determined in the manner described in

	Section 13.2

	) to the extent not otherwise taken into account under

	Section 2.4

	or as an adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price under

	Section 3.4

	, within five days after such refund, credit or other benefit is actually received or realized by Purchaser or its Affiliates.







































































	Section 13.6




	Audits



	.  From and after the Closing, each of Purchaser, on the one hand, and Sellers, on the other hand (the “

	Tax Indemnified Person

	”), shall notify the other Party in writing within 15 days of receipt by the Tax Indemnified Person of written notice of any pending or threatened audits, adjustments, claims, examinations, assessments or other proceedings with respect to any Taxes that are likely to affect the liability of such other Party under this Agreement (a “

	Tax Audit

	”).  If the Tax Indemnified Person fails to give such timely notice to the other Party, it shall not be entitled to indemnification or reimbursement for any Taxes arising in connection with such Tax Audit to the extent such failure to give notice actually and materially adversely affects the other Party.  If such Tax Audit relates to a Tax period that ends before the Effective Time or a Current Tax Period for which only Sellers would be liable to indemnify Purchaser under this Agreement, Sellers shall, at their expense, conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit.  If such Tax Audit relates solely to a Tax period beginning after the Effective Time or a Current Tax Period for which only Purchaser would be liable to indemnify Sellers under this Agreement, Purchaser shall, at its expense, conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit.  If such Tax Audit relates to a Current Tax Period for which both Sellers and Purchaser could be liable under this Agreement, Purchaser shall be entitled to conduct and control the defense and settlement of such Tax Audit, but (a) Sellers shall be entitled to participate in any such Tax Audit relating to Taxes for which it may be responsible hereunder at their own expense and (b) Purchasers shall not settle, compromise or concede any portion of any Tax Audit that is reasonably likely to affect the Tax liability of Sellers without the consent of Sellers, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.





























































	Section 13.7




	Characterization of Certain Payments



	.  The Parties agree that any payments made pursuant to this

	Article 13

	,

	Article 12

	or

	Section 10.4

	shall be treated for all Tax purposes as an adjustment to the Adjusted Purchase Price unless otherwise required by applicable Laws.























































	Section 13.8




	Transfer Taxes, Recording Fees & Transaction Fees





	.  Purchaser shall bear any sales, use, excise, real property transfer or gain, gross receipts, goods and services, registration, recording fees, capital, documentary, stamp or similar Taxes (including any penalties, interest or additional amounts which may be imposed with respect thereto but not including any income or franchise taxes) (collectively, “

	Transfer Taxes

	”) imposed upon, or with respect to, the transfer of the Assets or other transactions contemplated hereby, including any fees or payments to lessors under the Leases (if any).  Purchaser and Sellers shall cooperate in good faith to minimize the incurrence of any such Transfer Taxes, fees or payments, including


	-65-





	the filing or submission of an appropriate certificate or other evidence of exemption by Purchaser.  Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses (including legal and financial advisory fees and expenses) incurred in connection


	with, or in anticipation of, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses.





































































	ARTICLE 14




































































	MISCELLANEOUS


























































	Section 14.1




	Counterparts



	.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.  Either Party’s delivery of an executed counterpart signature page by facsimile or email is as effective as executing and delivering this Agreement in the presence of the other Party.  No Party shall be bound until such time as all of the Parties have executed counterparts of this Agreement.































































	Section 14.2




	Notices



	.  All notices and other communications that are required or may be given pursuant to this Agreement must be given in writing, in English and delivered personally, by courier, by facsimile or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, as follows:


	If to Sellers:


	c/o Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

	9950 Woodloch Forest Drive

	The Woodlands, Texas 77380

	Attn:  Vice President, Corporate Development

	Facsimile:  (832) 636-9888


	With a copy to:


	Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

	9950 Woodloch Forest Drive

	The Woodlands, Texas 77380

	Attn:  Associate General Counsel, Oil, Gas and Minerals

	Facsimile:  (832) 636-8203


	and


	Sidley Austin LLP


	1000 Louisiana, Suite 6000


	Houston, Texas 77002






	 





	Attn:





	James L. Rice III; Katy L. Lukaszewski






	Facsimile: (713) 495-7799


	-66-







	If to Purchaser:



	c/o WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attn:  William B. Coffey

	Facsimile: (713) 568-4911



	With a copy to

	:



	Locke Lord LLP


	600 Travis, Suite 2800


	Houston, Texas  77002

	Attn:  Terry L. Radney; Hunter Summerford

	Facsimile: (713) 223-3717


	 


	Either Party may change its address for notice by providing notice to the other Party in the manner set forth above.  All notices shall be deemed to have been duly given and the receiving Party charged with notice (a) if personally delivered, when received, (b) if sent by facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, upon confirmation of transmission, or if sent by facsimile after normal business hours of the recipient, on the next Business Day, (c) if mailed, two Business Days after the date of mailing to the address below or (d) if sent by overnight courier, one day after sending.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notices or other communications delivered pursuant to this Agreement prior to or at the Closing may be given via email, return receipt requested, during normal business hours of the recipient.  Such email notices can be sent to Sellers at julie.gremillion@anadarko.com and randle.jones@anadarko.com, copying jrice@sidley.com, and klukaszewski@sidley.com and to Purchaser at Brad.Coffey@wildhorseresources.com and KRoane@wildhorserd.com, copying tradney@lockelord.com and hsummerford@lockelord.com.  Any written notice regarding indemnification sent to Sellers pursuant to

	Section 12.3

	should also be sent pursuant to the delivery procedures set forth in this

	Section 14.2

	to Sellers’ registered agent, CT Corporation, at 1999 Bryan Street, Suite 900, Dallas, Texas 75201.  Any written notice regarding indemnification sent to Purchaser pursuant to

	Section 12.3

	should also be sent pursuant to the delivery procedures set forth in this

	Section 14.2

	to Purchaser’s registered agent, National Corporate Research, Ltd., 1601 Elm St. Suite 4360, Dallas, TX 75201.





































































	Section 14.3




	Governing Law; Jurisdiction



	.






	(a)



	THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH WOULD PERMIT OR REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.









	(b)



	THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED



	-67-





	STATES OF AME


	RICA OR THE CIVIL DISTRICT COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS AND APPROPRIATE APPELLATE COURTS THEREFROM, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF


	any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or r


	elating to this agreement (OTHER than with RESPECT to DISPUTED title matters, which are governed by


	Section 4.4


	, disputed ENVIRONMENTAL matters, which are governed by


	Section 5.2


	and disputes with respect to the final settlement STATEMENT, which are GOVERN


	ED by


	Section 10.4(


	c)


	) or any document delivered in connection




	herewith


	MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS.  THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, ANY OBJECTION WHICH THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAV


	E TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT OR ANY DEFENSE OF INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM.  EACH PARTY AGREES THAT A JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE MAY BE ENFOR


	CED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW.







	(c)



	EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.  EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH INDEPENDENT COUNSEL AND THAT IT HAS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREED TO THIS WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY


	.




































































	Section 14.4




	Knowledge Qualifications; Schedules



	.












	(a)



	Any representation or warranty qualified to the “knowledge of Sellers” or “to Sellers’ knowledge” or with any similar knowledge qualification is limited to matters within the Actual Knowledge of the individuals listed in


	Schedule 14.4


	.  As used herein, the term “Actual Knowledge” means information personally known by such individual.







	(b)



	Inclusion of a matter on a Schedule in relation to a representation or warranty which addresses matters having a Material Adverse Effect or being material shall not be deemed an indication that such matter does, or may, have a Material Adverse Effect or is, or may be, material.  Likewise, the inclusion of a matter on a Schedule to this Agreement in relation to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an indication that such matter necessarily would, or may, breach such representation or warranty absent its inclusion on such Schedule.  Disclosing a matter on any Schedule shall be deemed to be a disclosure for all purposes of this Agreement to the extent that the relevance of such matter to any other Schedule is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, no matter set forth in any Exhibit shall be deemed a disclosure for purposes of the Schedules unless expressly cross-referenced on such Schedule).  Matters may be disclosed on a Schedule for information purposes only.  



	-68-

































































	Section 14.5




	Waivers



	.  Any failure by any Party to comply with any of its obligations, agreements or conditions herein contained may be waived by the Party to whom such compliance is owed by an instrument signed by such Party and expressly identified as a waiver, but not in any other manner.  No waiver of, or consent to a change in, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of, or consent to a change in, other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.





























































	Section 14.6




	Assignment



	.  No Party shall assign all or any part of this Agreement, nor shall any Party assign or delegate any of its rights or duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent may be withheld for any reason, and any assignment or delegation made without such consent shall be void;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that Purchaser may, without the prior written approval of Sellers, assign this Agreement to an Affiliate of Purchaser prior to the Closing;

	provided

	that (i) Purchaser provides Sellers with prompt notice of such assignment, (ii) Purchaser (for the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser as of the Execution Date) shall remain responsible and liable for all of its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement and the Parent Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and (iii) any consents obtained by Sellers in the name of WHR Eagle Ford LLC prior to Sellers’ receipt of written notice of such assignment shall be deemed in compliance with this Agreement with respect to the identity of the assignee thereof (

	i.e.

	,


	Sellers shall not be required to obtain a new consent in the name of assignee, or assign the interest subject to such consent (if such consent is a Required Consent) to the assignee).  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

































































	Section 14.7




	Entire Agreement



	.  This Agreement (including, for purposes of certainty, the Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto), the documents to be executed hereunder, the Conveyances, the Deeds, the Site Access Agreement, the Parent Guaranty and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.































































	Section 14.8




	Amendment



	.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an agreement in writing executed by all Parties and expressly identified as an amendment or modification.





























































	Section 14.9




	No Third Party Beneficiaries



	.  Nothing in this Agreement shall entitle any Person other than Purchaser and Sellers to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right of any kind, except the rights expressly provided in

	Section 8.1(e)

	and

	12.2

	to the Persons described therein.





























































	Section 14.10




	Construction



	.  The Parties acknowledge that (a) Sellers and Purchaser have had the opportunity to exercise business discretion in relation to the negotiation of the details of the transaction contemplated hereby, (b) this Agreement is the result of arms-length negotiations from equal bargaining positions and (c) Sellers and Purchaser and their respective counsel participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.  Any rule of construction that a contract be construed against the drafter shall not apply to the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.


	-69-

















































































	Section 14.11




	Limitation on Damages



	.

	  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES FOR WHICH INDEMNIFICATION IS SOUGHT UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, NONE OF PURCHASER, SELLERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO SUCH DAMAGES WERE DISCLOSED TO THE OTHER PARTY IN ADVANCE, AND, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS SENTENCE, PURCHASER AND EACH SELLER, FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES, RESPECTIVELY, HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO SUCH DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF FAULT.






























































	Section 14.12




	Recording



	.  As soon as practicable after the Closing, Purchaser shall record the Deeds, the Conveyances and other assignments, if any, delivered at the Closing in the appropriate counties as well as with any appropriate Governmental Bodies and provide Sellers with copies of all recorded or approved instruments.



































































	Section 14.13




	Conspicuousness



	.  SELLERS AND PURCHASER AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW TO BE EFFECTIVE, THE PROVISIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT IN BOLD-TYPE ALL CAPS FONT ARE “CONSPICUOUS” FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW.

































































	Section 14.14




	Time of Essence



	.  This Agreement contains a number of dates and times by which performance or the exercise of rights is due, and the Parties intend that each and every such date and time be the firm and final date and time, as agreed.  For this reason, each Party hereby waives and relinquishes any right it might otherwise have to challenge its failure to meet any performance or rights election date applicable to it on the basis that its late action constitutes substantial performance, to require the other Party to show prejudice, or on any equitable grounds.  Without limiting the foregoing, time is of the essence in this Agreement.  If the date specified in this Agreement for giving any notice or taking any action is not a Business Day (or if the period during which any notice is required to be given or any action taken expires on a date which is not a Business Day), then the date for giving such notice or taking such action (and the expiration date of such period during which notice is required to be given or action taken) shall be the next day that is a Business Day.





























































	Section 14.15




	Delivery of Records



	.  Sellers, at Sellers’ cost and expense, shall deliver the Records in electronic form to Purchaser within ten Business Days following the Closing and shall make the Records in physical form, if any, available to Purchaser for pickup within 30 days following the Closing.  For the avoidance of doubt, Sellers may keep a copy of all Records for their files.





























































	Section 14.16




	Severability





	.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement in any situation or jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of


	-70-





	the other terms or provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction, and the remaining terms and


	provisions shall remain in full force and effect unless doing so would result in an interpretation of this Agreement that is manifestly unjust.


















	Section 14.17




	Specific Performance



	.  The Parties agree that if any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms, irreparable damage would occur, no adequate remedy at Law would exist and damages would be difficult to determine, and the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof and immediate injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy, in addition to any other remedy available at Law or in equity.









	Section 14.18




	AESC Obligations



	.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that AESC is a “Seller” under this Agreement only with regard to the assignment and transfer of its interests in the AESC Contracts, and is making representations and warranties only with respect to, and is responsible only for its covenants and obligations (including obligations to obtain consents to assignment, indemnification obligations pursuant to

	Article 12

	and the Retained Seller Obligations), in each case, solely to the extent directly related to or directly arising from the AESC Contracts (such obligations, the “

	AESC Obligations

	”).  AESC will be solely liable for the AESC Obligations, and no other Seller hereunder shall have any liability whatsoever therefor, nor will any other Seller hereunder be deemed to have made any representation or warranty hereunder with respect thereto.  Other than the AESC Obligations, AESC will have no liability hereunder with respect to the Assets, whether under

	Article 12

	or otherwise.  As a result, if the applicable consents to assign and liability release are received pursuant to

	Section 4.6(b)

	, AESC shall assign and transfer its rights and obligations under the AESC Contracts at the Closing, pursuant to a seperate assignment in form and substance reasonably acceptable to both Sellers and Purchaser, and AESC will not be party to the Conveyance, nor will any of the AESC Contracts be transferred in connection therewith.


	[

	Signature Page Follows

	]


	 


	-71-







	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, this Agreement has been signed by each of the Parties on the Execution Date.




	SELLERS

	:














	ANADARKO E&P ONSHORE LLC






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 














	ANADARKO ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Brian T. Kuck






	 




	 




	Vice President






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	[Signature Page – Purchase and Sale Agreement]







	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, this Agreement has been signed by each of the Parties on the Execution Date.



	 



	PURCHASER

	:














	WHR Eagle Ford LLC






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development






	 




	 




	Corporation, its sole member






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 






	By:




	 




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 


	 


	 


	[Signature Page – Purchase and Sale Agreement]




	 





	APPENDIX A



	ATTACHED TO AND MADE A PART OF THAT

	CERTAIN PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG SELLERS AND PURCHASER


	DEFINITIONS


	“

	Actual Knowledge

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 14.4(a)

	.


	“

	Adjusted Purchase Price

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4

	.


	“

	Adverse Environmental Condition

	” means any violation of or liability under Environmental Laws or Permits issued thereunder, or any contamination or condition exceeding regulatory limits applicable to the applicable Property as currently operated and not otherwise authorized by Law, resulting from any discharge, release, production, storage, treatment, seepage, escape, leakage, emission, emptying, handling, use, management or leaching of Hazardous Substances or from any other acts or omissions on, in or from any Property, or from the migration or transportation from other lands to any Property, of any Hazardous Substances that require Remediation pursuant to any current federal, state or local Laws, including Environmental Laws;

	provided, however

	, that an Adverse Environmental Condition shall not include Decommissioning, the Disclosed Environmental Conditions, Asbestos and Related Liabilities or NORM, except to the extent the use, existence or alleged existence of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, chromium, lead-based paint or NORM is a violation of or liability under Environmental Laws.


	“

	AEPO

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	AESC

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	AESC Contracts

	” means those Contracts set forth on

	Schedule 1.1(b)

	.


	“

	AESC Obligations

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 14.18

	.


	“

	AFEs

	” means authorization for expenditures issued pursuant to a Contract.


	“

	Affiliate

	” means, with respect to any Person, any Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person.


	“

	Aggregate Defect Deductible

	” means an amount equal to 3% of the Unadjusted Purchase Price.


	“

	Agreement

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.




	“

	Allocated Leasehold

	” means a portion of the leased premises under the Leases relating to any Well, insofar and only insofar as such leasehold rights entitle the owner thereof to Hydrocarbons produced from such Well and to any pooling rights associated therewith, comprising (a) the acreage included in the Pooled Acreage (or allocable portion thereof if such


	Appendix A-1




	 



	Pooled Acreage contains multiple Wells) on which such Well is located or (b) if the Well is not located within Pooled Acreage, then the acreage included within the proratio


	n unit plat for the Well as filed by the operator of such Well with the applicable Governmental Body or, if no such plat has been filed, the acreage prescribed by the applicable field rules or orders.



	“

	Allocated Value

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3

	.


	“

	Asbestos and Related Liabilities

	” means any and all Damages, obligations and responsibilities relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, the existence or alleged existence of any one or more of asbestos, NORM, polychlorinated biphenyls, chromium and/or lead-based paint at, on or within the Properties, including any contamination resulting therefrom.


	“

	Assets

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2

	.


	“

	Assigned Rights

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.4

	.


	“

	Assumed Purchaser Obligations

	” means, except to the extent of the Retained Seller Obligations and without limitation of Purchaser’s rights (x) of indemnification under

	Article 12

	, including for Retained Seller Obligations under

	Section 12.2(b)(i)

	and breach of Sellers’ representations and warranties under

	Section 12.2(b)(iii)

	, and (y) with respect to downward adjustments to the Unadjusted Purchase Price prior to the Cut-Off Date pursuant to the terms of

	Section 3.4(b)

	and

	Section 10.4

	, (a) all obligations and liabilities of Sellers (including Environmental Liabilities), known or unknown, with respect to or arising from the Assets regardless of whether such obligations or liabilities arose prior to, on or after the Effective Time, including obligations and liabilities relating in any manner to the use, ownership or operation of the Assets, including (i) obligations to furnish makeup gas and/or settle Imbalance charges attributable to the Assets according to the terms of applicable gas sales, processing, gathering or transportation Contracts, (ii) Decommissioning and Asbestos and Related Liabilities, (iii) any obligations to abandon, clean up, restore and/or remediate the premises covered by or related to the Assets in accordance with applicable Contracts, Leases and Laws, (iv) claims arising under Environmental Laws with respect to the Assets, all Environmental Liabilities, the release of materials into the environment or protection of human health, safety, natural resources or the environment, or any other environmental condition of the Assets, (v) all obligations applicable to or imposed on the lessee, owner, or operator under the Leases, Surface Agreements and Contracts, or as required by any applicable Law, including the payment of all Taxes for which Purchaser is responsible hereunder, and (vi) all liabilities, claims, and costs arising from or relating to the employment by Purchaser of any Available Employees hired pursuant to

	Section 8.10

	after the termination of their employment relationships by Sellers or their Affiliates; (b) all obligations under the Leases, Contracts and Surface Agreements; (c) obligations to pay working interests, royalties, overriding royalties and other interest owners’ revenues or proceeds attributable to sales of Hydrocarbons produced from the Assets and any Suspense Fund liabilities, and (d) Purchaser’s obligations under

	Article 13

	.


	“

	Available Employees

	” means those employees of Sellers or their Affiliates whose jobs relate to the Assets and who are available for hire by Purchaser, as designated by Sellers on a schedule provided to Purchaser prior to signing.


	Appendix A-2




	 





	“


	Back-to-Back Arrangements


	” has the meaning set forth in


	Section 4.6(b)


	.



	“

	Burdens

	” has the meaning set forth in the definition of Net Revenue Interest.


	“

	Business Day

	” means each calendar day except Saturdays, Sundays, and United States federal holidays.  


	“

	Casualty Loss

	” means any Damage or reduction in value of the Assets that occurs during the period between the Execution Date and the Closing as a result of acts of God, fire, explosion, earthquake, windstorm, flood, vandalism or other casualty, but excluding any loss, damage or reduction in value as a result of depreciation, mechanical failure or gradual structural deterioration of materials, equipment and infrastructure, a Well being shut-in temporarily, downhole failure (including (i) failures arising or occurring during drilling or completing operations, (ii) junked or lost holes or (iii) sidetracking or deviating a well) or reservoir changes or depletion (including the watering-out of any well, collapsed casing or sand infiltration of any well

	)

	, except, in each case, to the extent any such exclusions are covered by any Third Party insurance policy of AEPO or its Affiliates (in which event the same shall be Casualty Losses, to the extent any damages related to such matter are actually recoverable thereunder).


	“

	Central Time

	” means the central standard time zone of the United States.


	“

	CERCLA

	” means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9601 et seq.


	“

	Closing

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.1

	.


	“

	Closing Date

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.1

	.


	“

	Closing Payment

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(a)

	.


	“

	Code

	” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.


	“

	Confidentiality Agreement

	” means that certain Confidentiality Agreement dated March 15, 2017 between Purchaser and AEPO.


	“

	Contracts

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(e)

	.


	“

	Control

	” means the ability to direct the management and policies of a Person through ownership of voting shares or other equity rights, pursuant to a written agreement, or otherwise.  The terms “Controls” and “Controlled by” and other derivatives shall be construed accordingly.


	“

	Conveyance

	” means the Conveyance substantially in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit B

	.


	“

	COPAS

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.5(a)

	.


	“

	Current Remediation Matter

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Schedule 5.1

	.


	“

	Current Tax Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.2

	.


	Appendix A-3




	 





	“


	Customary Post-Closing Consents


	” means the consents and approva


	ls from Governmental Bodies for the assignment of the Assets to Purchaser that are customarily obtained after the assignment of properties similar to the Assets.



	“

	Cut-off Date

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4

	.


	“

	Damages

	” means the amount of any liability, fine, expense, debt, diminution in value, penalties, obligation, loss, cost, expense, claim, award, settlement or judgment incurred or suffered by any Person under any theory of tort, contract, breach of contract or otherwise, including contractual indemnity claims (whether absolute, accrued, contingent, fixed or otherwise, or whether known or unknown, or due or to become due or otherwise), including reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, consultants, accountants or other agents and experts reasonably incident to matters indemnified against, and the costs of investigation and/or monitoring of such matters, and the costs of enforcement of the indemnity.


	“

	Debt Contract

	” means any indenture, mortgage, loan, credit or similar agreement entered into by Sellers or their Affiliates creating indebtedness on the part of Sellers or their Affiliates for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property acquired by, or for services rendered to, Sellers or their Affiliates.


	“

	Decommissioning

	” means all decommissioning, dismantlement and removal activities and obligations with respect to the Properties as are required by Laws, Contracts or Surface Agreements associated with the Properties and further including all well plugging, replugging and abandonment, dismantlement and removal of buildings, facilities, pipelines and flowlines and all other assets of any kind related to or associated with operations or activities conducted on the Properties and associated site clearance, site restoration and site remediation on the Properties, but not including Remediation.


	“

	Deeds

	” means the Surface Deed and the Term Royalty Deed.


	“

	Defect Claim Date

	” means June 19, 2017.


	“

	Defect Threshold

	” means $75,000.00.






	“

	Defensible Title





	” means title of Sellers that:




	(a)



	with respect to each Well set forth on


	Exhibit A-2


	,


	entitles Sellers to (i) not less than the Net Revenue Interest shown in


	Exhibit A‑2


	for such Well through the producing life of such Well, except:  (A) decreases in connection with those operations conducted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	) in which any Seller may be a nonconsenting co-owner, (B) decreases resulting from the reversion of interests to co-owners with operations in which such co-owners elected not to consent after the Execution Date, (C) decreases resulting from the establishment of pools or units or amendment of any unit after the Execution Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the establishment or amendment of such pools or units after the Execution Date is made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	), and (D) decreases required to allow other working interest owners to make up past underproduction or pipelines to make up past under-deliveries, and (ii) obligates Sellers to bear not more than the



	Appendix A-4




	 



	Working Interest shown in


	Exhibit A


	‑2


	for such Well through the plugging and abandonment of such Well, exc


	ept:  (1) as the Working Interest may be changed from time to time due to the exercise after the Execution Date of non-consent rights under applicable operating agreements and similar agreements or the establishment or amendment of pools or units, in each


	case, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	) and (2) increases that are accompanied by at least a proportionate increase in Net Revenue Interest for such Well, as applicable;  



	(b)



	with respect to each Undeveloped Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	, entitles Sellers to a Net Revenue Interest for such Undeveloped Lease not less than the Net Revenue Interest Floor or not less than the Net Revenue Interest specified on


	Exhibit A-3


	to the extent a different Net Revenue Interest is specified for such Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	;



	(c)



	with respect to each Undeveloped Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	, entitles Sellers to the aggregate number of Net Acres shown on


	Exhibit A-3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, except for decreases resulting from the establishment or amendment of pools or units after the Execution Date;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the establishment or amendment of such pools or units after the Execution Date is made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including Purchaser’s consent rights pursuant to


	Section 8.4(a)


	);



	(d)



	with respect to each Lease set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	that is still in its primary term, the primary term of such Lease will not expire prior to the date set forth on


	Exhibit A-1


	for such Lease;



	(e)



	with respect to each Well and Undeveloped Lease, is free and clear of all liens, security interests, pledges, charges, encumbrances or other defects, except for and subject to Permitted Encumbrances; and



	(f)



	with respect to any Asset, is free and clear of all liens and/or charges securing liquidated amounts, security interests, deeds of trust, mortgages, pledges, charges or similar financial liens, except for and subject to Permitted Encumbrances.



	Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if Sellers have been receiving revenue payments from Third Parties attributable to an overriding royalty interest which contributes to Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest shown in

	Exhibit A-2

	for a Well or the Net Revenue Interest Floor (or Net Revenue Interest set forth on

	Exhibit A-3

	, as the case may be) for an Undeveloped Lease for the ten calendar years immediately preceding the Effective Time, Purchaser may not assert that Sellers do not have Defensible Title to the Well or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable, based on any defect or discrepancy in or inability to obtain documentation related to such overriding royalty interest;

	provided

	that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sellers have been receiving any such payments from WildHorse Resource Development Corporation or any of its Affiliates or their respective predecessors in interest for any period of time prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser may not assert that Sellers do not have Defensible Title to the Well or Undeveloped Lease, as applicable, based on any defect or discrepancy in or inability to obtain documentation related to such overriding royalty interest.


	“

	Deposit

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.2

	.


	Appendix A-5




	 





	“


	Disclosed Environmental Conditions


	” means all matters set forth on


	Schedule 5.1


	.



	“

	Disputed Environmental Matters

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.2(a)

	.


	“

	Disputed Title Matters

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.4(a)

	.


	“

	DOJ

	” means the U.S. Department of Justice.


	“

	Eaglebine Formation

	” means that certain geologic zone(s) and formation(s) occurring at the stratigraphic equivalent of the interval from (a) the base of the Austin Chalk formation (being the stratigraphic equivalent of 6,903 feet measured depth) to (b) the top of the Buda formation (being the stratigraphic equivalent of 7,284 feet measured depth), subsurface, each as found in the Induction log of the Republic Mineral Corporation Newberry Milton S/D/8 Well (API No. 42-041-31345) located in the Francisco Ruiz Survey, A-48, Brazos County, Texas.


	“

	Effective Time

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.4(a)

	.


	“

	Employee Benefit Plans

	” means any an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and any other material employee benefit plan, program or policy, including any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, bonus, incentive, stock option or other equity or equity-based compensation, deferred compensation, stock purchase, severance pay, change of control, disability, hospitalization, health or medical insurance, life insurance, fringe benefit, welfare benefit, flexible spending account program or policy, in each case, sponsored or maintained by Sellers or one of more of their Affiliates, or with respect to which the Sellers or any of their ERISA Affiliates has any liability, and covering at least one Available Employee.


	“

	Employers


	”

	has the meaning set forth in

	Section 6.20(a)

	.


	“

	Environmental Condition Notice

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.1(a)

	.


	“

	Environmental Defect Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.1(a)

	.


	“

	Environmental Expert

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 5.2(d)

	.




	“

	Environmental Laws

	” means, as the same may have been amended, superseded or replaced as of the Execution Date or Closing Date, as applicable, CERCLA, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et seq.; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. § 7401 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. § 5101 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 through 2629; the Oil Pollution Act, 33 U.S.C. § 2701 et seq.; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, 42 U.S.C. § 11001 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f through 300j; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. § 136 et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. § 2011 et seq

	.

	and all other Orders or Laws as of the Execution Date of any Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Property in question addressing (i) the control of any potential pollutant or protection of the environment, (ii) the generation, handling, treatment, storage, disposal or transportation of Hazardous Substances, or (iii) pollution or protection of the environment and all regulations as the same may have been amended, superseded or replaced as of the Execution Date or Closing


	Appendix A-6




	 



	Date, as applicable, implementing the foregoing that are applicable to the operation and maintenance of the Assets.



	“

	Environmental Liabilities

	” means any and all environmental response costs (including costs of Remediation), damages, natural resource damages, settlements, consulting fees, expenses, penalties, fines, orphan share, prejudgment and post judgment interest, court costs, attorneys’ fees and other liabilities incurred or imposed (a) pursuant to any Order, notice of responsibility, directive (including requirements embodied in Environmental Laws) or similar act (including settlements) by any Governmental Body to the extent arising out of any violation of, or Remediation obligation under, any Environmental Laws that are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets or (b) pursuant to any claim or cause of action by a Governmental Body or other Person for personal injury, property damage, damage to natural resources, remediation or response costs to the extent arising out of any violation of, or any remediation obligation under, any Environmental Laws, in each case, that is attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets.


	“

	Equipment

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(g)

	.


	“

	ERISA

	” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.


	“

	Escrow Agent

	” means Citibank, N.A.


	“

	Exchanging Party

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.4

	.








	“

	Excluded Assets

	” means (a) the amounts to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to

	Section 2.4(b)

	, (b) the Excluded Records, (c) all seismic, geological, geochemical or geophysical data (including seismic data), geological data, engineering data, maps, cores, interpretive data, technical evaluations, confidential logs, technical outputs, reserve estimates and other technical data relating to the Properties, (d) all claims and causes of action of Sellers arising under or with respect to any Lease or Contract that are related to Retained Seller Obligations or to the extent related to costs or expenses for which Sellers are liable pursuant to

	Section 2.4

	, (e) subject to

	Section 4.7

	, all rights and interests of any Seller or its Affiliates (i) under any policy or agreement of insurance or indemnity agreement, (ii) under any bond and (iii) to any insurance or condemnation proceeds or awards arising, in each case, from acts, omissions or events, or damage to or destruction of property prior to the Closing Date, (f) any Tax benefits (including any refunds, credits, rebates, and net operating loss carry-forwards) attributable to ownership and operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom prior to and at the Effective Time or to Sellers’ businesses generally, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any reduction in severance Taxes (including any refund, credit or rebate) that may be realized after the Effective Time but that results from payments or production for periods prior to the Effective Time, (g) all personal property of Sellers not included within the definition of Assets, (h) Sellers’ area-wide bonds, permits and licenses or other permits, licenses or authorizations used in the conduct of Sellers’ business generally, (i) all trade credits, account receivables, receivables, take-or-pay amounts receivable, and other receivables attributable to the Assets to the extent related to proceeds to which Sellers are entitled pursuant to

	Section 2.4

	, (j) all of Sellers’ and any Affiliate of any Seller’s proprietary computer software, software licenses, patents, trade secrets, copyrights, names, trademarks, logos and other intellectual property, (k) all data and Contracts


	Appendix A-7




	 



	that cannot be disclosed to Purchaser as a result of confidentiality arrangements under agreements with Third Parties, any Governmental Body or by applicable Law;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that Sellers have


	used their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a waiver of any such confidentiality restriction, (l) all Hedging Contracts and Debt Contracts, (m) all mineral fee interests of Sellers and their Affiliates, including those associated with the Properti


	es, including any mineral fee interests in which any Seller is a lessor, (n) any of the Assets excluded from the transactions contemplated hereunder pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 4.6(b)


	,


	Section 4.6(c)


	,


	Section 5.1(b)(iii)


	,


	Section 5.1(d)


	, or


	Section 8.1(a)


	, (o) the Caldwell field office lease, (p) any other items set forth on


	Exhibit A-4


	; (q) the Leased Assets, and (r) any asset owned by Seller that is located outside of the Properties and the premises of the Caldwell and Bryan field offices.



	“

	Excluded Records

	” means (a) all corporate, financial, income and franchise Tax and legal records of Sellers that relate to Sellers’ business generally, whether or not also relating to the Assets, (b) any Records to the extent disclosure or transfer is restricted by any Third Party license agreement, other Third Party agreement or applicable Law (which Sellers shall use commercially reasonably efforts to obtain the waiver of), (c) licensed computer software, (d) all legal records and legal files of Sellers which are subject to the attorney-client privilege and for which attorney-client privilege has not been waived and all work product of and attorney-client communications with any of Sellers’ legal counsel, other than (i) copies of title opinions and (ii) the Leases, Surface Agreements and Contracts, (e) personnel records for employees hired by Purchaser, (f) records relating to Sellers’ sale process for the Assets, including bids received from and records of negotiations with Third Parties and information or analyses (including financial analyses) related to such bids or offers, (g) records relating to engineering forecasts, evaluations and reserve estimates, studies and evaluations and (h) any records to the extent pertaining to the Excluded Assets.


	“

	Execution Date

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Final Allocation Schedule

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3(b)

	.




	“

	FTC

	” means the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.


	“

	GAAP

	” means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


	“

	Gas

	” means any mixture of hydrocarbons and non-combustible gases in a gaseous state consisting primarily of methane.



	“

	Governmental Body

	” means any instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency, commission, official or other governmental authority of the United States or any other country or any state, municipality, locality, tribe or other government or political subdivision thereof, or any quasi-governmental or private body exercising any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, taxing, importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental body.




	“

	Hazardous Substances

	” means any pollutants, contaminants, toxic, hazardous or other  substances, materials, wastes, constituents, compounds or chemicals that are regulated by, or


	Appendix A-8




	 



	may form the basis of liability under any Environmental Laws, including asbestos-containing materials.



	“

	Hedging Contract

	” means any contract to which Sellers or any of their Affiliates is a party with respect to any swap, forward, future, put, call, floor, cap, collar option or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement, whether exchange traded, “over-the-counter” or otherwise, involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities (including Hydrocarbons), equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions.


	“

	HSR Act

	” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.


	“

	Hydrocarbons

	” means oil, gas, condensate and other gaseous and liquid hydrocarbons or any combination thereof.


	“

	Imbalances

	” means (a) any Wellhead Imbalance, (b) any imbalance between the  Hydrocarbons nominated by or scheduled for delivery and the Hydrocarbons actually delivered, (c) any imbalance assessed by a carrier against a Person as a result of a Person’s failure to satisfy the carrier’s requirements including any balancing, nomination or scheduling requirements or a violation of any volumetric conditions or orders imposed by a carrier, or (d) any imbalance attributed to or assessed on a Party under the terms of a Contract or (e) any imbalance attributable a take or pay or similar volumetric minimum obligation on a pipeline or transportation system.


	“

	Income Taxes

	” means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, and similar Taxes.


	“

	Indemnity Threshold

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 12.4(c)

	.


	“

	Independent Accountant

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(c)

	.


	“

	Invasive Activity

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.1(a)

	.


	“

	JV Assets Purchase and Sale Agreement

	” means that Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Purchaser, AEPO, Admiral A Holding L.P., TE Admiral A Holding L.P. and Aurora C-I Holding L.P.


	“

	Lands

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(a)

	.


	“

	Laws

	” means all Permits, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, Orders, codes of Governmental Bodies and common law.


	“

	Leased Assets

	” means all equipment, machinery, tools, fixtures, inventory, vehicles, office leases, furniture, office equipment and related peripheral equipment, computers, field equipment and related personal property that are related primarily to the Assets and are currently leased by Sellers.


	Appendix A-9




	 





	“


	Leased Vehicles


	” has the meaning set forth in


	Section 2.2(j)


	.



	“

	Leases

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(a)

	.


	“

	Like-Kind Exchange

	” means a simultaneous or deferred (forward or reverse) exchange allowed pursuant to Section 1031 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder or any applicable state or local Tax Laws.


	“

	Material Contracts

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 6.9(a)

	.


	“

	Net Acres

	” means, as computed separately with respect to each Undeveloped Lease, (a) the number of gross acres in the Eaglebine Formation covered by such Undeveloped Lease,

	multiplied by

	(b) the undivided mineral interest owned by lessors in the Eaglebine Formation in such gross acres with respect to such Undeveloped Lease,

	multiplied by

	(c) Sellers’ Working Interest in such Undeveloped Lease.


	“

	Net Revenue Interest

	” with respect to any Well or Undeveloped Lease, the interest in and to all Hydrocarbons produced, saved and sold from or allocated to (i) such Well, from those formations in which such Well is producing or if not currently producing, completed to, as of the Effective Time, or (ii) such Undeveloped Lease, with respect to the Eaglebine Formation, in each case, after giving effect to all royalties, overriding royalties, reversionary interests, convertible interests, non-participating royalty interests, production payments, net profits interests and other similar burdens upon, measured by or payable out of production therefrom (“

	Burdens

	”).


	“

	Net Revenue Interest Floor

	” means, with respect to each Undeveloped Lease, a 75% Net Revenue Interest (calculated on an 8/8ths basis).


	“

	NORM

	” means naturally occurring radioactive material.


	“

	Order

	” means any judgment, order, consent order, injunction, decree or writ of any Governmental Body.


	“

	Parent Guaranty

	” means a parent guaranty provided in support of and on behalf of Purchaser in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Sellers.


	“

	Party

	” and “

	Parties

	” have the meanings set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Permits

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(k)

	.


	“

	Permitted Encumbrances

	” means any or all of the following:








	(a)



	royalties and any overriding royalties, net profits interests, free gas arrangements, production payments, reversionary interests and other similar burdens on production to the extent that the net cumulative effect of such burdens does not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate



	Appendix A-10




	 



	increase in the N


	et Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A


	‑3


	for any


	Undeveloped Lease;



	(b)



	all Leases and Contracts (including the Material Contracts), to the extent that the net cumulative effect of such instruments does not individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of or materially interfere with the use or ownership of the Wells or Undeveloped Leases subject thereto or affected thereby, as currently owned and operated, which would be accepted by a reasonable prudent operator engaged in the business of owning and operating oil and gas properties similar to the Properties (as they are currently owned and operated), and which do not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate increase in the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for any Undeveloped Lease;







	(c)



	Preferential Rights to Purchase and required Third Party consents to assignment and similar transfer restrictions, including Customary Post-Closing Consents;







	(d)



	liens for Taxes or assessments not yet delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and described on


	Schedule 1.1(a)


	;



	(e)



	excepting circumstances where such rights have already been triggered, rights of reassignment arising upon final intention to abandon or release all or any of a Lease;







	(f)



	materialman’s, mechanic’s, repairman’s, employee’s, contractor’s, operator’s and other similar liens or charges arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet delinquent (including any amounts being withheld as provided by Law), or if delinquent, being contested in good faith by appropriate actions and described on


	Schedule 1.1(a)


	;







	(g)



	all rights to consent by, required notices to, filings with, or other actions by Governmental Bodies in connection with the sale or conveyance of the Assets or interests therein if they are not required or customarily obtained in the region where the Assets are located prior to the sale or conveyance, including Customary Post-Closing Consents;



	(h)



	defects affecting any depths or formations




	other than




	(x) in the case of a Well, the depths or formations from which the applicable Well is producing or if not currently producing, then completed to as of the Effective Time and (y) in the case of a Lease, the Eaglebine Formation;







	(i)



	easements, rights-of-way, covenants, servitudes, Permits, surface leases and other rights in respect of surface operations that do not prevent or adversely affect operations as currently conducted on the Properties covered by the Assets or materially detract from the value of the affected Assets;







	(j)



	Imbalances;



	Appendix A-11




	 









	(k)




	all rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Bodies to control or regulate any of the Assets in any manner or to assess Tax with respect to the Assets, the ownership, use or operation thereof, o


	r revenue, income or capital gains with respect thereto, and all obligations and duties under all applicable Laws;



	(l)



	all other liens, charges, encumbrances, defects or irregularities that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of or materially interfere with the use or ownership of the Wells or Undeveloped Leases subject thereto or affected thereby (as currently used or operated), which would be accepted by a reasonably prudent purchaser engaged in the business of owning and operating oil and gas properties similar to the Properties, and which do not (i) reduce Sellers’ Net Revenue Interest below (A) that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well or (B) the Net Revenue Interest Floor for each Undeveloped Lease on


	Exhibit A-3


	(or, if another Net Revenue Interest is


	set forth on


	Exhibit A‑3


	for such Undeveloped Lease, such scheduled Net Revenue Interest)


	, (ii) increase Sellers’ Working Interest above that shown in


	Exhibit A-2


	for a Well without a proportionate increase in the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers in such Well or (iii) decrease the Net Acres of Sellers below those set forth on


	Exhibit A-3


	for any Undeveloped Lease;







	(m)



	any lien, charge or other encumbrance on or affecting the Assets that is discharged by Sellers at or prior to the Closing; and



	(n)



	any lien or encumbrance created by a lessor of a Lease that (i) post-dates the perfection of the applicable Lease (in accordance with applicable Law) or (ii) pre-dates the perfection of the applicable Lease (in accordance with applicable Law) and has been subordinated to the applicable Lease.



	“

	Person

	” means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Body or any other entity.


	“

	Phase I Environmental Site Assessment

	” means an environmental site assessment performed pursuant to the American Society for Testing and Materials (“ASTM”) Standard E 1527-13, or any similar environmental assessment.




	“

	Phase II Guidelines

	” means the following rules and regulations: (a) all Invasive Activities shall be performed by environmental consultants mutually agreeable to the Parties, (b) Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete Invasive Activities prior to the Defect Claim Date, (c) prior to conducting any sampling, boring, drilling or other invasive investigative activity with respect to the Assets, Purchaser shall furnish for Sellers’ review a proposed scope of such Invasive Activity including a description of the activities to be conducted and a description of the approximate locations of such activities and, if any of the proposed activities are likely to unreasonably interfere with normal operation of the Assets, Sellers may request an appropriate modification of the proposed Invasive Activity, (d) Purchaser shall maintain and shall cause its offices, employees, representatives, consultants and advisors to maintain all information obtained by Purchaser pursuant to any Invasive Activity as strictly confidential until the Closing occurs unless disclosure of any facts discovered through such assessment is required under any Laws, (e) after completing any Invasive Activity Purchaser


	Appendix A-12




	 



	shall at its sole cost and expense restore the Assets as close as practicable to their condition prior to the c


	ommencement of such Invasive Activity unless Sellers request otherwise and Purchaser shall promptly dispose of all drill cuttings, corings or other investigative-derived wastes generated in the course of such Invasive Activity, (f) Sellers shall have the r


	ight to be present during any Invasive Activities and shall have the right at its option and expense to split samples with Purchaser, (g) Purchaser shall provide Sellers with a copy of the final draft of all environmental reports prepared by or on behalf o


	f Purchaser with respect to any Invasive Activity conducted on the Assets, and (h) in the event that any necessary disclosures under applicable Laws are required with respect to matters discovered by any Invasive Activity, Purchaser agrees that Sellers sha


	ll be the responsible party for disclosing such matters to the appropriate Governmental Bodies provided that if Sellers fail to promptly make such disclosure and Purchaser or any of its Affiliates is legally obligated to make such disclosure such Person sh


	all have the right to fully comply with such legal obligation.



	“

	Pooled Acreage

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(b)

	.


	“

	Post-Closing Cure Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(b)(i)

	.


	“

	Preferential Right to Purchase

	” means any Third Party’s preferential right to purchase any of the Assets (or portion thereof), including a right of first refusal, right of first offer or other similar right.


	“

	Preliminary Allocation Schedule

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.3(a)

	.


	“

	Preliminary Settlement Statement

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 10.4(a)

	.


	“

	Properties

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(c)

	.


	“

	Property Costs

	” means all operating and production expenses, including costs of insurance, rentals, shut-in payments and royalty payments or other Burdens, gathering, processing and transportation costs, and costs of title examinations and curative actions; Property Taxes (but not income or franchise Taxes); capital expenditures, including bonuses, broker fees, acquisition costs, and other lease or other royalty acquisition, extension or renewal costs, costs of drilling and completing wells and costs of acquiring equipment; and Third Party overhead charges, in each case, attributable to the ownership or operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom but only to the extent chargeable to the joint account pursuant to an operating agreement applicable to the Assets (but if there is no applicable operating agreement, then pursuant to the 2005 COPAS form of accounting procedure) and in the ordinary course of business, in each case, solely to the extent attributable to Sellers’ interest in the Assets;

	provided

	,

	however

	, the following shall not be considered Property Costs: (i) any such costs incurred by Sellers to cure Title Defects asserted hereunder; (ii) any costs incurred by Sellers to Remediate Adverse Environmental Conditions asserted hereunder and (iii) insurance premiums or deductibles payable to any Affiliates of Sellers to the extent pertaining to coverages for events which, if occurring, would not constitute Casualty Losses.




	“

	Property Taxes

	” means all real property, personal property, ad valorem, severance, production and similar Taxes (which for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Income Taxes


	Appendix A-13




	 



	or Transfer Taxes) base


	d upon or measured by the ownership or operation of the Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom or the receipt of proceeds therefrom.



	“

	Purchaser

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Purchaser’s Auditor

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.12(b)

	.


	“

	Purchaser Group

	” means Purchaser and Purchaser’s Affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors and employees and Purchaser’s successors and permitted assigns.


	“

	Purchaser Parent

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.5

	.


	“

	Records

	” means electronic digital copies (or originals to the extent located on the Properties or the lands covered by the Surface Agreements) of any files, records, information and data, whether written or electronically stored, in each case to the extent relating primarily to the Assets, including:  (a) land and title records (including abstracts of title, title opinions and title curative documents); (b) contract files; (c) correspondence; (d) operations, environmental, production and accounting records; and (e) production, facility and well records and data;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that the term “Records” shall not include any Excluded Records and any information that cannot, without unreasonable effort or expense that Purchaser does not agree to undertake or pay, as applicable, be separated from any files, records, information and data related to the Excluded Assets.


	“

	REGARDLESS OF FAULT

	” MEANS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES OF ANY CLAIM, INCLUDING, EVEN THOUGH A CLAIM IS CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY:


	THE NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER SOLE, JOINT, CONCURRENT, COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, ACTIVE, PASSIVE, GROSS OR OTHERWISE), WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER FAULT OF ANY MEMBER OF THE PURCHASER GROUP, THE SELLER GROUP, INVITEES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES; AND/OR




	A PRE-EXISTING DEFECT, WHETHER PATENT OR LATENT, OF THE PREMISES OF PURCHASER’S PROPERTY OR SELLERS’ PROPERTY (INCLUDING THE ASSETS), INVITEES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES.


	“

	Rejected Available Employees

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.10(c)

	.




	“

	Remediation

	” means, with respect to an Adverse Environmental Condition or Disclosed Environmental Condition, removal, abatement, response, investigative, cleanup and/or monitoring activities, including any investigation, study, assessment, testing, monitoring, containment, removal, disposal, closure, corrective action, passive remediation, natural attenuation or bioremediation, or the installation and operation of remediation systems required under Environmental Laws to correct, address, or remove an Adverse Environmental Condition.  To the extent that releases of Hazardous Substances require cleanup or corrective action, remediation may be conducted so as to achieve applicable risk-based standards for soil or groundwater intended to achieve the most cost-effective response that addresses remediation


	Appendix A-14




	 



	obligations under Environmental Laws, considering the long term or residual liabilities or effects upon use or operations of any of the Assets in the same manner as currently used and operated by Sellers associated with suc


	h risk based remediation approaches.



	“

	Remediation Amount

	” means, with respect to an Adverse Environmental Condition, the reasonable cost including customary fines and penalties (net to Sellers’ interest) of the Remediation of or other Environmental Liabilities associated with such Adverse Environmental Condition on or at the relevant Asset for continued operation in the manner it is operated as of the Closing Date, taking into account the continuing long-term need to operate the Asset, customary industry practices in the State of Texas and the requirements of Environmental Laws.


	“

	Remedy Period

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(b)

	.


	“

	Representatives

	” means (a) partners, employees, officers, directors, members, equity owners and counsel of a Party or any of its Affiliates or any prospective purchaser of an interest in a Party; (b) any consultant, advisor or agent retained by a Party or the parties listed in

	clause (a)

	above; and (c) any bank, other financial institution or entity funding, or proposing to fund, such Party’s operations in connection with the Assets, including any consultant retained by such bank, other financial institution or entity.


	“

	Required Consent

	” means any consent or approval affecting an Asset that is required to be obtained for the assignment of such Asset in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement if the applicable agreement, contract or other instrument (a) does not provide that such consent cannot be unreasonably withheld and/or (b) provides that any purported assignment of such agreement, contract or other instrument is void or voidable or the underlying Asset is terminated without such consent being obtained.  




	“

	Retained Seller Obligations

	” means all obligations and liabilities of Sellers, known or unknown, with respect to or arising from (a) the Excluded Assets, (b) until three years after the Closing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) validly asserted prior to the end of such three-year period related to (1) any personal injury (including death) or (2) property damages (other than Adverse Environmental Conditions) that, individually, exceed $25,000 in value, in each case, to the extent related to the ownership or operation of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates and arising from events occurring prior to the Closing Date; (c) until three years after the Closing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) validly asserted prior to the end of such three-year period related to any disposal offsite of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates prior to the Closing Date of Hazardous Substances or NORM arising from the operation or use of the Assets; (d) Sellers’ obligations under

	Sections 2.4

	and

	3.4

	and

	Article 13

	; (e) solely with respect to AEPO, all liabilities, claims and costs arising from or relating to the employment by AEPO or its Affiliates of any Available Employees on or prior to the termination of their employment relationships by or with AEPO or its Affiliates; (f) until three years after the Closing Date, any civil or administrative fines or similar monetary penalties or criminal sanctions imposed on any Seller or its Affiliates as a result of any pre-Closing Date violation of Law (including Environmental Law) by any Seller or its Affiliates and relating to the ownership or operation of the Assets by Sellers or their Affiliates, but excluding, for all purposes, any remedial obligation to abandon, cleanup, restore, and/or remediate any premises covered by or related to the Assets;


	Appendix A-15




	 



	(g) until three years after the Closing Date, Third Party claims (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) related to the failure to pay or the incorrect payment to any royalty owner, overriding royalty owner, working interest ow


	ner or other Burden holder under the Leases and Lands and escheat obligations, in each case, insofar as the same are attributable to Sellers’ ownership of the Assets prior to the Effective Time; (h) until three years after the Closing Date, except for any


	amounts credited against the Unadjusted Purchase Price hereunder as part of the Suspense Funds, statutory penalties and interest, if any, owing to any interest owner attributable to the Suspense Funds accruing prior to the Effective Time, payable to any st


	ate under existing escheat or unclaimed property statutes; (i) the actions, suit, proceeding and other matters, if any, set forth on


	Schedule 6.5


	and any matters that should have been listed on


	Schedule 6.5


	as of the Closing Date; and (j) Third Party claim


	s (and claims made by pre-Closing Affiliates of Sellers) related to the Disclosed Environmental Conditions and/or any post-closing Remediation by Sellers.



	“

	Reversionary Net Revenue Interest

	” means any future Net Revenue Interest that reverts to any party after the necessary payout or other triggering event in the applicable farm-out agreement, other agreement or instrument.


	“

	SCADA

	” means supervisory control and data acquisition industrial control system.


	“

	Seller Group

	” means, each Seller and such Seller’s Affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors and employees and each Seller’s successors and permitted assigns.


	“

	Seller Operated Assets

	” means those Assets operated by Sellers or their Affiliates.


	“

	Sellers

	” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement.


	“

	Site Access Agreement

	” means a site access agreement, in a form to be negotiated by the Parties prior to the Closing, pursuant to which Purchaser will grant AEPO and its Affiliates the right of reasonable access to the properties related to the Current Remediation Matter.


	“

	SMOG

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.12(b)

	.


	“

	Soft Consents

	” means any consent or approval affecting an Asset that is required to be obtained for the assignment of the Assets in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that is not a Required Consent or a Customary Post-Closing Consent.


	“

	Specified Representations

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.1

	.


	“

	Stored Hydrocarbons

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.4(a)(v)

	.


	“

	Suspense Funds

	” means proceeds of production and associated penalties and interest in respect of any of the Seller Operated Assets that are payable to Third Parties and are being held in suspense by Sellers as the operator of such Properties.


	“

	Surface Agreements

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(f)

	.


	Appendix A-16




	 





	“


	Surface Deed


	” means a special warranty deed to be delivered at the Closing, in substantially the form of


	Exhibit E


	hereto, pursuant to which the applicable Sellers will convey each of the parcels of Surface Fee Lands to Purchaser.



	“

	Surface Fee Lands

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(f)

	.


	“

	Tax Audit

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.6

	.


	“

	Tax Indemnified Person

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.6

	.


	“

	Tax Return

	” means any return (including any information return), report, statement, schedule, notice, form, election, claim for refund or other document (including any attachments thereto and amendments thereof) filed with or submitted to, or required to be filed with or submitted to, any Governmental Body with respect to any Tax.


	“

	Taxes

	” means all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, sales, use, ad valorem, property, severance, production, excise, stamp, documentary, gross receipts, goods and services, registration, capital, transfer, employment, estimated or withholding taxes or other assessments, duties, fees (including impact fees) or charges imposed by any Governmental Body, including any interest, penalties or additional amounts that may be imposed with respect thereto.


	“

	Term Royalty Deed

	” means a term royalty deed to be delivered at the Closing, in the substantially the form of

	Exhibit F

	hereto, pursuant to which Sellers will cause to be conveyed a term royalty to Purchaser, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in such term royalty deed, in respect of the lands identified therein.


	“

	Third Party

	” means any Person other than a Party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a Party to this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and all Affiliates thereof shall not be considered “Third Parties” of Sellers or their Affiliates under this Agreement.


	“

	Title Benefit

	” means, (a) with respect to the Wells set forth on

	Exhibit A-2

	, any right, circumstance or condition that operates to increase the Net Revenue Interest of Sellers as of the Closing Date in any of such Wells above that shown on

	Exhibit A-2

	for such Well (without a corresponding proportionate or greater increase in Working Interest for such Well) and (b) with Undeveloped Leases on

	Exhibit A-3

	, any right, circumstance or condition that operates to increase the Net Acres of Sellers as of the Closing Date in such Undeveloped Leases above that shown on

	Exhibit A-3

	for such Undeveloped Leases.


	“

	Title Benefit Amount

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.3(c)

	.


	“

	Title Benefit Notice

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.3(a)

	.


	“

	Title Benefit Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.3(a)

	.


	Appendix A-17




	 





	“


	Title Defect


	” means any lien, security interest, pledge, charge, defect, encumbrance or other matter that, if not cured, causes Sellers not to have Defensible Title;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that none of the foll


	owing shall be considered a Title Defect for any purpose:







	(a)



	defects in the chain of title consisting of the failure to recite marital status in a document or omissions of successions of heirship or estate proceedings, unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that such failure or omission could reasonably be expected to result in another Person’s superior claim of title to the relevant Asset;







	(b)



	defects arising out of lack of survey, unless a survey is expressly required by applicable Laws or the applicable Lease to be effective;







	(c)



	defects based on a gap in Sellers’ chain of title in the state’s records as to state Leases, in the federal government’s records as to federal Leases, or in the county records as to other Leases, unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that such gap exists in such records by an abstract of title, run sheet or a title opinion, which documents shall be included in the applicable Title Defect Notice;



	(d)



	defects as a consequence of cessation of production, insufficient, or failure to conduct operations that occurred more than two years prior to the Execution Date on any of the Properties held by production, or lands pooled, communitized or unitized therewith, except to the extent the applicable lessor has provided written notice to Sellers that it is exercising its right to terminate the lease in question or that Sellers have forfeited or have an obligation to release leasehold acreage as a result of such cessation of production, insufficient production or failure to conduct operations, which notice shall be included in the Title Defect Notice;







	(e)



	defects based on references to lack of information, including lack of information in Seller’s files, the lack of Third Party records, and/or the unavailability of information from Governmental Bodies, if such information is otherwise in Purchaser’s possession or is a matter of public record;







	(f)



	defects based solely on references in recorded instruments to a document because such document is not in Sellers’ files;



	(g)



	defects based on Tax assessment, Tax payment or similar records (or the absence of such activities or records), unless Purchaser provides affirmative evidence that the material contained in such records (or the lack of such records) could reasonably be expected to result in another Person’s superior claim of title to the relevant Asset;



	(h)



	defects that have been cured by the passage of time, the doctrine of adverse possession, applicable


	laws


	of limitation or prescription or such other matter that would render such defect invalid according to applicable Law;



	(i)



	any unsubordinated mortgage on the fee estate or mineral fee estate from which title to the relevant Property is derived which pre-dates the creation of the Property and which is not currently subject to foreclosure or other enforcement proceedings by the holder of the mortgage and which is subordinated to the rights of lessee under any Lease burdened thereby; or



	Appendix A-18




	 









	(j)




	defects arising out of lack of evidence of corporate or other entity authorization, unless Purchaser


	provides


	affirmative evidence t


	hat such lack of authorization results in another Person’s actual and superior claim of title to the relevant property.



	“

	Title Defect Amount

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(c)

	.


	“

	Title Defect Notice

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(a)

	.


	“

	Title Defect Property

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.2(a)

	.


	“

	Title Expert

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.4(d)

	.


	“

	Transferred Employees

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 8.10(a)

	.


	“

	Transfer Taxes

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 13.8

	.


	“

	U.S.

	” and “

	United States

	” mean the United States of America.


	“

	Unadjusted Purchase Price

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 3.1

	.


	“

	Undeveloped Lease

	” means the Leases or portions thereof set forth on

	Exhibit A-3

	.


	“

	Unobtained Contract Consents

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.6(b)(i)

	.


	“

	Unobtained Lease Consents

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 4.6(b)(ii)

	.


	“

	Unreimbursed Third Party Property Costs

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.4(c)

	.


	“

	WARN Act

	” means the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. § 2101 et seq., and all applicable similar state and local laws.


	“

	Wellhead Imbalances

	” means any imbalance at the wellhead between the amount of Hydrocarbons produced from a Well and allocated to the interest of any Seller therein and the shares of production from the relevant Well to which such Seller was entitled.


	“

	Wells

	” has the meaning set forth in

	Section 2.2(c)

	.


	“

	Working Interest

	” with respect to any Well or Lease, the interest in and to such Well or Lease, as applicable, that is burdened with the obligation to bear and pay costs and expenses of maintenance, development and operations on or in connection with such Well or Lease relating to


	those formations in which such Well is producing or if not currently producing, completed to, as of the Effective Time, in the case of each Well, or the Eaglebine Formation, in the case of each Lease, and without regard to the effect of any Burdens.


	Appendix A-19








	Exhibit 4.4


	PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


	dated as of May 10

	,

	2017


	by and among


	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	and


	THE PARTY LISTED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGE HERETO


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 





	TABLE OF CONTENTS



	Page


	Article I

	PURCHASE; CLOSING







	Section 1.1





	Purchase2




	 











	Section 1.2





	Closing.2




	 











	Section 1.3





	Closing Conditions.2




	 






	Article II

	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES







	Section 2.1





	Representations and Warranties of the Company5




	 











	Section 2.2





	Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser15




	 






	Article III

	COVENANTS







	Section 3.1





	Filings; Other Actions.17




	 











	Section 3.2





	Negative Covenants18




	 











	Section 3.3





	Corporate Actions.19




	 











	Section 3.4





	Information Statement20




	 











	Section 3.5





	Confidentiality20




	 











	Section 3.6





	NYSE Listing of Shares21




	 











	Section 3.7





	State Securities Laws21




	 











	Section 3.8





	Acquisition Agreement21




	 






	 


	Article IV

	ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS







	Section 4.1





	Standstill21




	 











	Section 4.2





	Transfer Restrictions.22




	 











	Section 4.3





	Legend.23




	 











	Section 4.4





	Tax Matters.24




	 






	Article V

	MISCELLANEOUS







	Section 5.1





	Survival; Limitations on Liability27




	 











	Section 5.2





	Expenses27




	 











	Section 5.3





	Amendment; Waiver27




	 











	Section 5.4





	Counterparts28




	 











	Section 5.5





	Governing Law28




	 











	Section 5.6





	Waiver of Jury Trial28




	 











	Section 5.7





	Notices28




	 











	Section 5.8





	Entire Agreement29




	 











	Section 5.9





	Assignment30




	 






	i


	 


	 


	 




	 









	Section 5.10










	Interpretation; Other Definitions




	30





	 











	Section 5.11





	Captions34




	 











	Section 5.12





	Severability34




	 











	Section 5.13





	No Third Party Beneficiaries34




	 











	Section 5.14





	Public Announcements34




	 











	Section 5.15





	Specific Performance34




	 











	Section 5.16





	Termination35




	 











	Section 5.17





	Effects of Termination35




	 











	Section 5.18





	Non-Recourse36




	 






	 







	Exhibit A:





	Form of Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations











	Exhibit B:





	Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement










	ii


	 


	 


	 




	 







	INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS













	Term




	Location of Definition






	10% Entity




	5.10(f)






	Acquisition




	Recitals






	Acquisition Agreement




	Recitals






	Affiliate




	5.10(g)






	Agreement




	Preamble






	“as-converted basis”




	5.10(h)






	Beneficial Ownership/Beneficially Own




	5.10(i)






	Board of Directors




	2.1(c)(i)






	business day




	5.10(d)






	Bylaws




	2.1(c)(ii)






	Capitalization Date




	2.1(b)(i)






	Certificate




	Recitals






	Certificate of Incorporation




	2.1(c)(ii)






	Closing




	1.2(a)






	Closing Date




	1.2(a)






	Code




	2.1(r)






	Committee




	5.10(j)






	Common Stock




	Recitals






	Common Stock Issuance




	Recitals






	Common Stock Issuance Agreement




	Recitals






	Company




	Preamble






	Company Competitor




	5.10(k)






	Company Material Adverse Effect




	5.10(l)






	Company Preferred Stock




	2.1(b)(i)






	Company Stock Awards




	2.1(b)(i)






	Company Subsidiary




	2.1(a)(ii)






	control/controlled by/under common control with




	5.10(g)






	Credit Agreement




	5.10(o)






	Effect




	5.10(p)






	Equity Securities




	5.10(p)







	iii


	 


	 


	 




	 














	Term




	Location of Definition









	ERISA







	2.1 (r)






	ERISA Subject Plan




	2.1(r)






	Exchange Act




	2.10






	Excluded Stock




	4.4(a)






	Existing Registration Rights Holders




	5.10(q)






	FCPA




	2.1(t)






	GAAP




	2.1(f)(iv)






	Governmental Entity




	2.1(c)(iii)






	Hedge




	4.2(a)






	HSR Act




	3.1(a)






	Information




	3.5






	Knowledge of the Company




	5.10(t)






	Law




	5.10(r)






	Lien




	5.10(s)






	Money Laundering Laws




	2.1(u)






	Multiemployer Plan




	2.1(r)






	NGP




	5.10(w)






	Non-Recourse Party




	5.18






	NYSE




	Recitals






	NYSE Listing Approval




	5.10(x)






	OFAC




	2.10((v)






	person




	5.10(e)






	Per Share Purchase Price




	1.1






	Permits




	2.1(k)






	Permitted Transferee




	4.2(b)(i)






	Plan




	2.1(b)(i)






	Preferred Stock




	Recitals






	Preferred Voting and Conversion Features




	3.1(b)






	Proposed Securities




	4.4(b)(i)






	Purchase




	1.1






	Purchased Stock




	1.1







	iv


	 


	 


	 




	 














	Term




	Location of Definition









	Purchaser Parties







	5.10(y)






	Purchaser




	Preamble






	Qualifying Issuance




	4.4(b)






	Registration Rights Agreement




	1.2(b)(i)






	Representatives




	5.10(z)






	Sanctions




	2.1(v)






	Schedule 14C Action




	5.10(aa)






	SEC




	2.1(f)






	SEC Documents




	2.1(f)






	Securities Act




	2.1






	Subsidiary




	2.1(a)(ii)






	Transaction Documents




	5.10(u)






	Transfer




	5.10(cc)






	Upstream Competitor




	5.10(m)






	Voting Debt




	2.1(b)(ii)







	 


	 


	v


	 


	 


	 




	 





	PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


	, dated as of May 10, 2017 (this “


	Agreement


	”), by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “


	Company


	”), and the purchaser identified on the signature page hereto


	(the “


	Purchaser


	”).



	RECITALS:


	WHEREAS, the Company has entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “

	Acquisition Agreement

	” and, the transactions contemplated thereby, the “

	Acquisition

	”), by and among Esquisto Resources II, LLC, a Texas limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Anadarko E&P Onshore LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TE Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and Aurora C-I Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership;  


	WHEREAS, the Company has entered into a Common Stock Issuance Agreement (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “

	Common Stock Issuance Agreement

	” and, the transactions contemplated thereby, the “

	Common Stock Issuance

	”), by and among the Company, Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TE Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and Aurora C-I Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership;






	WHEREAS, the Company proposes to issue and sell to the Purchaser shares of its preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, designated as “Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock” (the “

	Preferred Stock

	”), having the terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations (the “

	Certificate

	”) in the form attached to this Agreement as

	Exhibit A

	, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;


	WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, each of WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which collectively hold more than a majority of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, has executed a stockholders’ consent in lieu of a stockholder meeting in compliance with Delaware law for the purpose of providing all necessary approvals under Delaware law and the applicable rules and listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the “

	NYSE

	”) to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation the issuance of Common Stock in connection with any conversion of the Preferred Stock;






	WHEREAS, subject to the conditions contained in the Certificate, the Preferred Stock will be convertible into shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of the Company (the “

	Common Stock

	”);  and


	WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings set forth in

	Section 5.10

	or such other Section indicated in the preceding Index of Defined Terms.


	1


	 


	 


	 




	 





	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises,


	and of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:







	ARTICLE I




	PURCHASE; CLOSING


	 










	Section 1.1



	Purchase


	. On the terms and subject to the conditions herein, on the Closing Date, the Company agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, an aggregate number of 435,000 shares of Preferred Stock, and the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser such shares of Preferred Stock (the “


	Purchased Stock


	”), at a purchase price of $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock (the “


	Per Share Purchase Price


	”). The purchase and sale of the Purchased Stock pursuant to this


	Section 1.1


	is referred to as the “


	Purchase


	.”







	Section 1.2



	Closing


	.





	(a)



	Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the closing of the Purchase (the “


	Closing


	”) shall be held at the offices of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., 1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500, Houston, Texas 77002, at 8:00 a.m. Houston time on the date of the closing of the Acquisition, or at such other time and place as the Company and the Purchaser agree (the “


	Closing Date


	”).





	(b)



	In addition and subject to the satisfaction or waiver on the Closing Date of the conditions to the Closing in


	Section 1.3


	, at the Closing:







	(i)





	the Company will (i) cause the number of shares of Purchased Stock set forth in


	Section 1.1


	to be registered with the transfer agent of the Company in the name of the Purchaser in book-entry form, (ii) deliver to the Purchaser the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement in the form of


	Exhibit B


	hereto with such changes thereto as may be agreed to by the Purchaser and approved by the Committee (the “


	Registration Rights Agreement


	”), duly executed by the Company and the Existing Registration Rights Holders, and (iii) deliver to the Purchaser all other documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered by the Company to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise required in connection herewith; and







	(ii)





	the Purchaser will deliver or cause to be delivered (i) to a bank account designated by the Company in writing at least two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date, an amount in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, equal to the number of shares of Purchased Stock set forth in


	Section 1.1




	multiplied by


	the Per Share Purchase Price, (ii) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser, and (iii) all other documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered by the Purchaser to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise required in connection herewith.







	Section 1.3



	Closing Conditions


	.







	(a)



	The obligations of the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, to effect the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by



	2


	 


	 


	 




	 



	applicable Law, waiver by the Purchaser and the Company (acting at the direction of t


	he Committee) at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:







	(i)



	no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment or order issued by any Governmental Entity and no Law shall be in effect restraining, enjoining, making illegal or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;





	(ii)



	the Company shall have delivered a certification in writing that (x) all conditions to closing the Acquisition set forth in Article 9 of the Acquisition Agreement have been satisfied or shall be satisfied substantially simultaneously with the Closing on the terms and conditions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement (s


	ubject to any amendments, supplements, waivers or other modifications permitted by


	Section 3.8


	or otherwise consented to by the Purchaser


	) and (y) the closing of the Acquisition shall occur substantially simultaneously with the Closing;



	(iii)



	the Company shall have adopted and filed the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and the Certificate shall be in full force and effect; and



	(iv)



	the Credit Agreement shall have been amended, prior to or contemporaneously with the Closing, in a manner such that the Preferred Stock will not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock (as defined in the Credit Agreement, as so amended).  





	(b)



	The obligations of the Purchaser to effect the Closing are also subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waiver by the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:





	(i)



	(i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2.1 hereof (other than Sections 2.1(a), 2.1(b), 2.1(c)(i) and 2.1(e)) shall be true and correct (disregarding all qualifications or limitations as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect) as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representation or warranty speaks to an earlier date, in which case each of such earlier date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in


	Section 2.1(b)


	shall be true in all but


	de minimis


	respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representation or warranty speaks to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date) and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 2.1(a), 2.1(c)(i) and 2.1(e) shall be true in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date;





	(ii)



	the Company shall have performed in all material respects its obligations required to be performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing;



	3


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(iii)




	the Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company and the Existing Registration Rights Holders;



	(iv)



	the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (assuming increases in the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate) of such Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Certificate through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate)) shall have been reserved and approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance and the expiration of the Schedule 14C Waiting Period; and





	(v)



	the Board of Directors shall have taken all actions necessary and appropriate to cause to be appointed as observers to the Board of Directors, effective immediately upon the Closing, such two individuals designated by CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P., in writing no later than ten days prior to the Closing Date, and promptly upon the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, under the HSR Act, (and in any event prior to the next meeting of the Board of Directors thereafter) to elect such individuals to the Board of Directors, provided that such individuals so designated shall meet the requirements set forth in Section 5(b) of the Certificate




	; and



	(vi)



	the Purchaser shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by a senior executive officer certifying to the effect that the conditions set forth in


	Section 1.3(b)(i)


	and


	(ii)


	 have been satisfied;



	(c)



	The obligation of the Company to effect the Closing is also subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waiver by the Company (acting at the direction of the Committee) at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:





	(i)





	(i) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in


	Section 2.2


	hereof (other than


	Sections 2.2(a)


	and


	2.2(b)(i)


	) shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representation or warranty speaks of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), except where the failure of such representation and warranties to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the ability of the Purchaser to fully perform its covenants and obligations under this Agreement and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in


	Sections 2.2(a)


	and


	2.2(b)(i)


	 shall be true in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date;





	(ii)



	the Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects its obligations required to be performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing; and





	(iii)



	the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Purchaser by a senior executive officer certifying to the effect that the conditions set forth in


	Section 1.3(c)(i)


	and


	(ii)


	 have been satisfied.



	4


	 


	 


	 




	 









	ARTICLE II





	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


	 












	Section 2.1



	Representations and Warranties of the Company




	. Except as set forth (x) in the SEC Documents filed by the Company with the SEC, and publicly available before the date of this Agreement, excluding any disclosures set forth in risk factors or any “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “


	Securities Act


	”) or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “


	Exchange Act




	”) or (y) in a correspondingly identified schedule attached hereto (provided, that any item disclosed in any particular schedule attached hereto shall be deemed to be disclosed with respect to any other schedule to the extent it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure that it applies to such other schedule), the Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser that (provided, that, other than as provided in Section 2.1(b), the Company makes no representations or warranties whatsoever in this Agreement regarding assets, operations or business to be acquired by the Company pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement):





	(a)



	Organization and Authority


	.





	(i)



	The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has all requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as presently conducted, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and where failure to be so qualified would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. True and accurate copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have been made available to the Purchaser prior to the date hereof.









	(ii)



	Each material Company Subsidiary is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, has all requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as presently conducted, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and where failure to be so qualified would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As used herein, “


	Subsidiary




	” means, with respect to any person, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity (x)


	 of which such person or a subsidiary of such person is a general partner or (y) of which a majority of the voting securities or other voting interests, or a majority of the securities or other interests of which having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or persons performing similar functions with respect to such entity, is directly or indirectly owned by such person and/or one or more subsidiaries thereof; and “


	Company Subsidiary


	” means any Subsidiary of the Company.





	(b)



	Capitalization


	.











	(i)





	The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “


	Company Preferred Stock


	”). As of the close of business on April 30, 2017 (the



	5


	 


	 


	 




	 



	“


	Capitalization Date




	”), there were 93,987,541 shares of Common Stock outstanding and zero shares of Company Preferred Stock outstanding or designated as a series. As of the close of business on the Capitalization Date,


	(i)


	9,512,500 shares o


	f Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the WildHorse Resource Development Corporation 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan (the “


	Plan


	”), of which 363,334 shares of Common Stock have been issued subject to restricted stock awards granted pursuant to the P


	lan (collectively, the “


	Company Stock Awards


	”) and (ii) no shares of Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury.  Upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, 6,260,899 shares of Common Stock, subject to a


	djustment (which the Purchaser acknowledges may be an increase or decrease in the number of shares of New Common Stock) in accordance with the Common Stock Issuance Agreement (the “


	New Common Stock


	”) will be issued pursuant to the Common Stock Issuance Agr


	eement. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been, and all of the shares of the New Common Stock will, upon issuance, be duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with applicable securities laws and are, or, in the case of t


	he New Common Stock, will be, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. From the Capitalization Date through and as of the date of this Agreement, no other shares of Common Stock


	or Company Preferred Stock have been issued other than shares of Common Stock issued in respect of Company Stock Awards in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to the Common Stock Issuance Agreement.


	The Company does not have outstanding shareholde


	r purchase rights or “poison pill” or any similar arrangement in effect.







	(ii)



	No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness having the right to vote on any matters on which the stockholders of the Company may vote (“


	Voting Debt


	”) are issued and outstanding.


	As of the date of this Agreement, except (i)  pursuant to the surrender of shares to the Company or the withholding of shares by the Company to cover tax withholding obligations under Company Stock Awards, and (ii) as set forth in


	Section 2.1(b)(i)


	, the Company does not have and is not bound by any outstanding options, preemptive rights, rights of first offer, warrants, calls, commitments or other rights or agreements calling for the purchase or issuance of, or securities or rights convertible into, or exchangeable for, any shares of Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Company or Voting Debt or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock of the Company (including any rights plan or agreement).





	(c)



	Authorization


	.









	(i)



	The Company has the corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by the board of directors of the Company (the “


	Board of Directors


	”). This Agreement has been, and (as of the Closing) the other Transaction Documents will be, duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser, is, and (as of the Closing) each of the other Transaction Documents will be, a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar



	6


	 


	 


	 




	 



	laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights or by general equity principles).


	Other than Schedule 14C Action and the filing of


	the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, no other corporate proceedings are necessary for the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, the performance by it of its obligations


	hereunder or thereunder or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The Company is not governed by or subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL.













	(ii)



	Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of the provisions hereof or thereof (including the conversion or exercise provisions of the Preferred Stoc


	k), will, subject only to the Schedule 14C Action, the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and receipt of NYSE Listing Approval, (A) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration of, or result in the cre


	ation of any Lien upon any of the material properties or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) the certificate of incorporation of the Company (the “


	Certificate of Incorporation


	”) or bylaws of the Company (the “


	Bylaws


	”) or the certificate of incorporation, charter, bylaws or other governing instrument of any Company Subsidiary or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligati


	on to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which it may be bound, or to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary may be subject, or (B) violate any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, permit, franchise or any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction or decree applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of clauses (A)(ii) an


	d (B) for such violations, conflicts and breaches as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.





	(iii)



	Other than the securities or blue sky laws of the various states, approval or expiration of applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is required solely with respect to the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features and not the Purchase at the Closing), Schedule 14C Action (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is required solely with respect to the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features and not the Purchase at the Closing), the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and receipt of NYSE Listing Approval, no notice to, registration, declaration or filing with, exemption or review by, or authorization, order, consent or approval of, any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental or arbitral body or authority or instrumentality, whether federal, state, local or foreign, and any applicable industry self-regulatory organization (each, a “


	Governmental Entity


	”), nor expiration or termination of any statutory waiting period, is necessary for the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.







	(d)



	Sale of Securities


	. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchaser’s  representations in


	Section 2.2


	, the Purchase is exempt from the registration and prospectus



	7


	 


	 


	 




	 



	delivery requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


	Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor to the Knowledge of the Company any other P


	erson authorized by the Company to act on its behalf, has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offer or sales of the Purchased Stock and neither the


	Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its behalf has made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering or issuance of Purchased Stock under


	this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would result in none of Regulation D or any other applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act to be available, nor will the Comp


	any take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of the Purchased Stock under this Agreement to be integrated with other offerings.





	(e)



	Status of Securities


	. The shares of Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement, and, subject only to Schedule 14C Action, the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of such Preferred Stock, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. When issued and sold against receipt of the consideration therefor as provided in this Agreement, such securities will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will not subject the holders thereof to personal liability, will not be subject to preemptive rights of any other stockholder of the Company, and will effectively vest in the Purchaser good and marketable title to all such securities, be free and clear of all Liens, except restrictions imposed by the Securities Act,


	Section 4.2


	, the Certificate and any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Upon any conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to the Certificate, the shares of Common Stock issued upon such conversion will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will not subject the holder thereof to personal liability and will not be subject to preemptive rights of any other stockholder of the Company, and will effectively vest in the Purchaser good and marketable title to all such securities, be free and clear of all Liens, except restrictions imposed by the Securities Act,


	Section 4.2


	, the Certificate and any applicable state or foreign securities laws. The respective rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock are as stated in the Certificate of Incorporation (including the Certificate) or as otherwise provided by the mandatory provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law. The shares of Common Stock to be issued upon any conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock (assuming increases in the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate) of such Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Certificate through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate)), at the Closing, shall have been duly reserved for such issuance and approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to notice of official listing and the expiration of the Schedule 14C Waiting Period.





	(f)



	SEC Documents; Financial Statements


	.







	(i)



	The Company has filed all required reports, proxy statements, forms, and other documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “


	SEC


	”) since December 13, 2016 (collectively, the “


	SEC Documents


	”). Each of the SEC Documents, as of its respective date complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and, except to the extent that



	8


	 


	 


	 




	 



	information contained in any SEC Document has been revised or superseded by a later file


	d SEC Document filed and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the


	statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.















	(ii)





	The Company (i) has implemented and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are reasonably designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries, is made known to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Company’s filings with the SEC and (ii) has disclosed, based on its most recen


	t evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to the Company’s outside auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors (A) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial re


	porting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting.  As of the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no reason that its outside auditors and its chief executive offi


	cer and chief financial officer will not be able to give the certifications and attestations required pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, without qualification, when next due.





	(iii)



	There is no transaction, arrangement or other relationship between the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its SEC Documents and is not so disclosed.







	(iv)



	The fin


	ancial statements of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries included in the SEC Documents (a) complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect theret


	o, in each case as of the date such SEC Document was filed, and (b) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“


	GAAP


	”) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or as permitted by Regulation S-X) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal recurring audit adjustments).











	(g)



	Undisclosed Liabilities




	. Except for (i) those liabilit


	ies that are reflected or reserved for in the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, (ii) liabilities incurred since December 31, 2016 in the ordinary course of business (including incremental borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facility), (iii) liabilities that would not, individually and in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (iv) the $350,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2025 issued by the



	9


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Company on February 1, 2017 and obligations to make payment of interest with respect thereto and (v) liabilities incurred pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Acqui


	sition Agreement and the Common Stock Issuance Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any liabilities or obligations of any nature whatsoever (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) that are required to be reflected in the Com


	pany’s financial statements in accordance with GAAP.


	  





	(h)



	Brokers and Finders


	. Except for Evercore Group L.L.C. and Barclays Capital Inc., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any financial advisory fees, brokerage fees, commissions or finder’s fees, and no broker or finder has acted directly or indirectly for the Company in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.





	(i)



	Litigation


	. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against, nor any outstanding judgment, order or decree against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before or by any Governmental Entity which in the aggregate have, or if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.





	(j)



	Taxes


	.



	(i)



	Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all tax returns and reports including information returns required to have been filed, such returns and reports are true, accurate and complete in all respects and have been completed in accordance with applicable Law, and all taxes and other assessments (whether or not shown to be due and payable on any Tax Return) have been paid, except for those which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained in accordance with GAAP.



	(ii)



	Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have had any tax deficiency proposed or assessed against it that has not been fully resolved and satisfied, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have executed any waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any tax or governmental charge that remains outstanding, and (iii) there is no pending audit, suit, proceeding, claim, examination or other administrative or judicial proceedings ongoing, pending, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or proposed with respect to any taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.





	(iii)



	Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries have withheld or collected from each payment made to each of its employees, the amount of all taxes (including, but not limited to, federal income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act taxes and Federal Unemployment Tax Act taxes) required to be withheld or



	10


	 


	 


	 




	 



	collected therefrom, and have paid the same to the proper tax receiving officers or authorized depositories.



	(iv)



	Since its formation, the Company has not (i) declared or paid any dividend or other distribution on its capital stock or (ii) redeemed, repurchased, recapitalized or acquired shares of its capital stock in a transaction that would be treated, in whole or in part, as a dividend for United States federal income tax purposes.





	(k)



	Permits and Licenses


	. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits (“


	Permits


	”) issued by each Governmental Entity necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have fulfilled and performed all of their respective obligations with respect to the Permits, and no event has occurred that allows, or after notice or lapse of time would allow, revocation or termination thereof or results in any other impairment of the rights of the holder or any such Permits, except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such Permits or has any reason to believe that any such Permits will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except where the revocation or modification of any such Permit or the failure to renew any such Permit would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.





	(l)



	Compliance with Laws


	. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation of any applicable Law, except where such violation would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is being investigated with respect to any applicable Law, except for such of the foregoing as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.



	(m)



	Absence of Changes


	. Since December 31, 2016, there has not been any action or omission of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, if such action or omission occurred between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, would violate


	Section 3.2


	.





	(n)



	Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley


	. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company and any of the Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith applicable to the Company.





	(o)



	Title to Interests


	. The Company and its Subsidiaries have (i) generally satisfactory title to all of their interests in their producing oil and gas properties and to all of their material interests in non-producing oil and gas properties, title investigations having been carried out by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in accordance with the general practice in the oil and gas industry, (ii) good and indefeasible title to all other real property owned by them that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (iii) good and valid title to all personal property owned by them that is material to the Company and its



	11


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Su


	bsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects, except such liens, encumbrances and defects as (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or it


	s Subsidiaries or (ii) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.



	(p)



	Intellectual Property


	. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights to use all material patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, know-how, software, systems and technology (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures) necessary to conduct their businesses, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.



	(q)



	Insurance


	. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance from insurers of recognized financial responsibility in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonably adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect: all policies of insurance of the Company and its Subsidiaries are in full force and effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies in all material respects; there are no material claims by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.







	(r)



	ERISA Compliance


	. Except, in each case, for any such matter as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (i) each “employee benefit plan” (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“


	ERISA


	”)) for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would have any liability (each an “


	ERISA-Subject




	Plan


	”) has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and with the requirements of all applicable statutes, rules and regulations including ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “


	Code


	”); (ii) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any ERISA-Subject Plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; (iii) with respect to each ERISA-Subject Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (A) no “reportable event” (within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (B) no ERISA-Subject Plan is or is reasonably expected to be “at risk” status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (C) there has been no filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any ERISA-Subject Plan or the receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the PBGC or the plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any ERISA-Subject Plan or ERISA-Subject Plans or to



	12


	 


	 


	 




	 



	appoint a trustee to administer any ERISA-Subject Plan, (D) no conditions contained in Section 303(k)(1)(A) of ERISA for imposition of a lien shall have been met with respect to any ERISA-Subject Plan and (E) neither the Company nor any of its Su


	bsidiaries has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than contributions to the ERISA-Subject Plan or premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in the ordinary course and without default) in respec


	t of an ERISA-Subject Plan (including a “multiemployer plan,” within the meaning of Section 4001(c)(3) of ERISA) (“


	Multiemployer Plan


	”); (iv) no Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, “insolvent” (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA), in “reo


	rganization” (within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA), or in “endangered” or “critical” status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 304 of ERISA); and (v) each ERISA-Subject Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(


	a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.





	(s)



	No Foreign Business


	. The Company does not have operations or conduct any business outside of the United States.



	(t)



	Illegal Payments


	. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any “foreign official” (as defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (collectively, the “


	FCPA


	”)) or domestic government official; or (iii) violated, or is in violation of, any provision of the FCPA, or any other applicable anti-bribery statute or regulation. The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA, and all other applicable anti-bribery statutes and regulations.



	(u)



	Anti-Money Laundering


	. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company or its Subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, that have been issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the “


	Money Laundering Laws


	”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Entity, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.





	(v)



	Sanctions


	. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently subject to or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“


	OFAC


	”), the U.S. Department of State or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “


	Sanctions


	”); and the Company and its Subsidiaries are not located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea,



	13


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Sudan, Syria and Crimea); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of


	the Purchase, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person, or in any country or territory, that currently is the


	subject or target of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the Purchase whether as an advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not k


	nowingly engaged in for the past five years, and are not now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction, is or was the subject or target o


	f Sanctions.









	(w)



	Listing and Maintenance Requirements




	. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b)


	or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the Knowledge of the Company is reasonably likely to, have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received as of the date of this Agreement any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.









	(x)



	No Additional Representations


	.


	Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this


	Section 2.1


	, neither the Company nor any other Person makes (AND THE PURCHASER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGEs AND AGREEs ON BEHALF OF itself AND its AFFILIATES AND REPRESENTATIVES THAT it has NOT RELIED UPON) any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to THE PURCHASED STOCK, the common stock or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, condition or prospects, and the Company hereby disclaims any such other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither the Company nor any other Person makes or has made any representation or warranty to the Purchaser, or any of its Affiliates or represent


	atives with respect to (i) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective business, or (ii) except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this


	Section 2.1


	, any oral or written information presented to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or representatives in the course of thei


	r due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the right of the Purchaser to rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered hereunder, nor will anything in this Agreement operate to limit any claim by the Purchaser for fraud.



	14


	 


	 


	 




	 









	Section 2.2




	Representations and


	Warranties of the Purchaser


	. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company, that:







	(a)



	Organization and Authority


	. The Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and where failure to be so qualified would be reasonably expected to materially and adversely affect the Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis, and the Purchaser has the corporate or other power and authority and governmental authorizations to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.





	(b)



	Authorization


	.





	(i)



	The Purchaser has the corporate or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Purchaser and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Purchaser, and no further approval or authorization by any of its stockholders, partners, members or other equity owners, as the case may be, is required. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, is a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms (except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights or by general equity principles).













	(ii)



	Neither the execution, delivery and


	performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, nor compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof or thereof, will (A) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or resu


	lt in a right of termination or acceleration of, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) its governing instruments or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage,


	indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it may be bound, or to which the Purchaser or any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser may be subject, or (B) subject to compliance with the statutes and regulations referred to in the next paragraph, violate any law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation, permit, concession, grant, franchise or any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction or decree applicable to the


	Purchaser or its properties or assets except in the case of clauses (A)(ii) and (B) for such violations, conflicts and breaches as would not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.



	15


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(iii)




	Other than the securities or blue sky laws of the various states and approval or expiration of applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act (which, for the avoidance of


	doubt, is required solely with respect to the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features and not the Purchase at the Closing), no notice to, registration, declaration or filing with, exemption or review by, or authorization, order, consent or approval of, an


	y Governmental Entity, nor expiration or termination of any statutory waiting period, is necessary for the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.



























	(c)



	Purchase for Investment


	. The Pu


	rchaser acknowledges that the Preferred Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act or under any state securities laws. The Purchaser (1) acknowledges that it is acquiring the Preferred Stock pursuant to an exemption from registration under the


	Securities Act solely for investment with no present intention to distribute any of the Preferred Stock to any person in violation of applicable securities laws, (2) will not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Preferred Stock, except in compliance wit


	h the registration requirements or exemption provisions of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, (3) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and in investments of this type that it is capable of evaluating


	the merits and risks of its investment in the Preferred Stock and of making an informed investment decision, (4)


	 is an “accredited investor” (as that term is defined by Rule 501


	of the Securities Act) and (5) (A) has been furnished with or has had full ac


	cess to all the information that it considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the Preferred Stock, (B) has had an opportunity to discuss with management of the Company the intended business and financial aff


	airs of the Company and to obtain information (to the extent the Company possessed such information or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense) necessary to verify any information furnished to it or to which it had access and (C) can bear t


	he economic risk of (x)


	 an investment in the Preferred Stock indefinitely and (y) a total loss in respect of such investment. The Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters so as to enable it to understand and evaluate the risks of and form an investment decision with respect to its investment in the Preferred Stock and to protect its own interest in connection with such investment.





	(d)



	Financial Capability


	. The Purchaser currently has capital commitments sufficient to, and at Closing will have, available funds necessary to consummate the Closing on the terms and conditions contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchaser is not aware of any reason why the funds sufficient to fulfill its obligations under


	Article I


	will not be available on the Closing Date upon request of its limited partners or members, as applicable.





	(e)



	Brokers and Finders


	. Other than Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, the fees of which will be paid by the Purchaser, neither the Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents have employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any financial advisory fees, brokerage fees, commissions or finder’s fees, and no broker or finder has acted directly or indirectly for the Purchaser, in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.







	(f)



	Ownership


	. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates (other than any portfolio company with respect to which the Purchaser is not



	16


	 


	 


	 




	 



	the party exercising control over investment decisions) are the owners of record of shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.





	(g)



	No Public Market


	. The Purchaser understands that no public market now exists for the Purchased Stock, and that the Company has made no assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Preferred Stock.



	(h)



	Non-Reliance


	.


	Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in


	Section 2.1


	, THE purchaser hereby acknowledgeS AND AGREES ON behalf of itself and its affiliates and representatives that IT HAS not relied upon any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Purchased stock, the common stock or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, condition or prospects, INCLUDING, without limitATION, WITH RESPECT TO respect to (i) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective business, or (ii) any oral or written information presented to the Purchaser or any of ITS Affiliates or representatives in the course of ITS due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the right of the Purchaser to rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered hereunder, nor will anything in this Agreement operate to limit any claim by the Purchaser for fraud.



	 






	ARTICLE III




	COVENANTS


	 








	Section 3.1



	Filings; Other Actions


	.





	(a)



	From the date hereof until the Closing, the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, will cooperate and consult with the other and use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions, filings and other documents, and to obtain all necessary permits, consents, orders, approvals and authorizations of, or any exemption by, all third parties and Governmental Entities, and the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than twelve (12) business days after the date of this Agreement, filing, or causing to be filed (and not withdrawing), a Notification and Report Form under the Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “


	HSR Act


	”) with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice in connection with the



	17


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Preferred Voting and Conversion Features (as defined below).  Each party shall execute and deliver both before and after the C


	losing such further certificates, agreements and other documents and take such other actions as the other party may reasonably request to consummate or implement such transactions or to evidence such events or matters.  The Company and the Purchaser hereby


	acknowledge and agree that no approvals or authorizations of, filings or registrations with, or notifications to, or expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, under the HSR Act is required prior to Closing to consummate the Purchase.  



	(b)



	From and after the Closing, the Purchaser and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain or submit, as the case may be, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, the approvals and authorizations of, filings and registrations with, and notifications to, or expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, under the HSR Act, in each case, with respect to the rights of the Preferred Stock to (i) vote on an as-converted basis with the Common Stock as a single class, as contemplated by the Certificate, (ii) convert into shares of Common Stock, as contemplated by the Certificate and (iii) elect up to two directors to the Board of Directors, as contemplated by the Certificate (the “


	Preferred Voting and Conversion Features


	”).  Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent required, the Purchaser and the Company shall prepare and file a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act in connection with the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features.



	(c)



	The Purchaser and the Company will have the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult with the other, in each case subject to applicable Law relating to the exchange of information, all the information relating to such other party, and any of their respective Affiliates, which appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. Each party hereto agrees to keep the other party apprised of the status of matters referred to in this


	Section 3.1


	. The Purchaser shall promptly furnish the Company, and the Company shall promptly furnish the Purchaser, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, with copies of written communications received by it or its Subsidiaries from, or delivered by any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.









	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this


	Section 3.1


	shall require the Purchaser, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates to (i) hold separate or divest or refrain from acquiring, investing in or otherwise dealing in any property, assets, facilities, business, or equity or (ii) commit on behalf of itself any of its Affiliates to any conduct remedies or any amendment, modification or termination of any existing, or entering into any new, contracts with any third parties.  In the event that any Governmental Entity conditions its approval of the transaction on any of the foregoing actions, and such party is unwilling, in its sole discretion, to take such action, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein or in the Certificate, the Purchaser shall be permitted to sell the Purchased Shares held by it to one or more third party purchasers reasonably acceptable to the Company, and to convey to such third party purchasers all of the rights, preferences and privileges that would have been held by the Purchaser upon approval by such Governmental Entity ((x) including the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features, but subject to receipt of any approval of any Governmental Entity required in connection with the acquisition of the Preferred



	18


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Voting and Conversion Features by such third party purchaser but (y) excluding any Board of Directors election rights (or voting power with respect to such Board of Directors election rights but not, f


	or the avoidance of doubt the right to vote for directors on an “as-converted” basis, ) set forth in the Certificate).  The Company shall reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser in such sale process including allowing the potential third party purchasers t


	o conduct due diligence and meet with management, subject to any such third party purchaser executing a confidentiality agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company.



	Section 3.2



	Negative Covenants


	. From the date of this Agreement through the Closing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):



	(a)



	declare, or make payment in respect of, any dividend or other distribution upon any shares of capital stock of the Company;



	(b)



	amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner that would adversely affect the powers, preferences and specials rights of the Preferred Stock; or



	(c)



	authorize, issue or reclassify any capital stock, or debt securities convertible into capital stock, of the Company other than the authorization and issuance of (i) the Purchased Stock, (ii) the issuance of Common Stock issued as consideration for the Acquisition, and (iii) the issuance of Common Stock in respect of the exercise of Company Stock Awards outstanding as of the date of this Agreement or the issuance or grant of Common Stock or other securities in the ordinary course pursuant to the Plan.  







	Section 3.3



	Corporate Actions


	.





	(a)



	Authorized Common Stock


	. At any time that any Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company shall from time to time take all lawful action within its control to cause the authorized capital stock of the Corporation to include a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion requirements of all shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding (assuming increases in the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate) of such Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Certificate through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate)). All shares of Common Stock delivered upon conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be newly issued shares or shares held in treasury by the Company, shall have been duly authorized and validly issued and shall be fully paid and nonassessable, and free of any Lien, except restrictions imposed by the Securities Act, the Certificate,


	Section 4.2


	and any applicable state or foreign securities laws.





	(b)



	Certificate


	. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall file in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware the Certificate in the form attached to this Agreement as


	Exhibit A


	, with such changes thereto as may be agreed to by the Purchaser and approved by the Committee.











	(c)



	Certain Adjustments


	. If any occurrence since the date hereof until the Closing would have resulted in an adjustment to the Conversion Rate (as defined in the



	19


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Certificate) pursuant to


	Section 


	8 of the Certificate if the Preferred Stock had been issued and outstanding since the date hereof, the Company shall adjust the Conversion Rate, effective as of the Closing, in the same manner as would have been requi




	red by


	Section 


	8 of the Certificate if the Preferred Stock had been issued and outstanding since the date hereof.











	Section 3.4



	Information Statement


	.


	As promptly as reasonably practicable following


	the date hereof


	, the Company shall file with the SEC in preliminary form an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.  The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide responses to the SEC with respect to all comments received on such Information Statement from the SEC, and the Company shall cause the definitive Schedule 14C Information Statement to be mailed promptly after the date the SEC staff advises that it has no further comments thereon or that the Company may commence mailing the Information Statement.  

















	Section 3.5



	Confidentiality


	. Each party to this Agreement will hold, and will cause its respective Affiliates and its and their Representatives to hold, in strict confidence, all non-public records, books, contracts, instruments, computer data and other data and information (collectively, “


	Information


	”) concerning the other party hereto and its respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates furnished to it by the other party or its Representatives pursuant to this Agreement, that certain Letter Agreement, dated March 30, 2017 between the Company and Carlyle Investment


	Management L.L.C  (except to the extent that such information was (1) previously known by such party from other sources,


	provided


	that such source was not known by such party to be bound by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality t


	o the other party, (2) in the public domain through no violation of this


	Section 3.5




	by such party or (3) later lawfully acquired from other sources by the party to which it was furnished), and neither party hereto shall release or disclose such Information to any other person, except its Representatives and financing sources who need to know such Information, who are aware of the confidential nature of such Information and who have agreed to keep such Information strictly confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party to this Agreement may disclose Information to the extent that (1) disclosure to a regulatory authority is necessary or appropriate in connection with any necessary regulatory approval required to be obtained in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or (2) disclosure is required by judicial or administrative process or by other requirement of law or the applicable requirements of any regulatory agency or relevant stock exchange.  The Purchaser (and any Affiliate or associate of the Purchaser to whom Preferred Stock or Common Stock is Transferred pursuant to


	Section 4.2


	) agrees to use any Information concerning the Company and the Company’s Subsidiaries solely for purposes of monitoring the Purchaser’s investment in the Company.  







	Section 3.6



	NYSE Listing of Shares


	. The Company shall file prior to the Closing Date a supplemental listing application with the NYSE to list the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Purchased Stock (assuming increases in the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate) of such Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Certificate through the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value (as defined in the Certificate)), which listing shall be subject to the expiration of the Schedule 14C Waiting Period.



	20


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Section 3.7




	State Securitie


	s Laws


	. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) obtain all necessary permits and qualifications, if any, or secure an exemption therefrom, required by any state or country prior to the offer and sale of the  Prefe


	rred Stock and (ii) cause such authorization, approval, permit or qualification to be effective as of the Closing and as of any conversion of Preferred Stock.



	Section 3.8



	Acquisition Agreement


	.  At or prior to the Closing, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Company shall not make or agree to make any amendments, supplements, waivers or other modifications to any provision of the Acquisition Agreement in a manner that would be materially adverse to the Company.  For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any reference to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not include the Acquisition.







	ARTICLE IV




	ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS


	 








	Section 4.1



	Standstill


	. Until the date that is 180 days after the date on which the holders of Preferred Stock cease to have the right to elect a director to the Board of Directors pursuant to the Certificate, each Purchaser Party shall not, without the prior approval of the Board of Directors,


	directly or indirectly, through its Subsidiaries or any other Persons, or in concert with any Person, or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act) with any Person:





	(a)



	purchase, offer to purchase, or agree to purchase or otherwise acquire “beneficial ownership” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of any Common Stock, or any securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, excluding any shares of Common Stock or other securities acquired pursuant to a conversion of the Preferred Stock, or otherwise acquired pursuant to the Transaction Documents;





	(b)



	make, or in any way participate in, any solicitation of proxies to vote, or seek to advise or influence any person with respect to the voting of, any voting securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or seek or propose to influence, advise, change or control the Board of Directors, management, policies, affairs or strategy of the Company by way of any public communication or other communications to security holders intended for such purpose;





	(c)



	make a proposal for, or offer of (with or without conditions) any acquisition of or extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any of the Company’s Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities or assets;







	(d)



	effect or seek to effect (including, without limitation, by entering into discussions, negotiations, agreements or understandings with any third person), offer or propose (whether publicly or otherwise) to effect, or cause or participate in, or in any way assist or facilitate any other person to effect or seek, offer or propose (whether public or otherwise) to effect or participate (except as a holder of Common Stock or Preferred Stock) in a merger, consolidation, division, acquisition or exchange of substantially all assets or equity, change of



	21


	 


	 


	 




	 



	control transaction, recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or









	(e)



	enter into any discussions, negotiations, arrangements or understandin


	gs with or form a group with, any third party in connection with such third party’s taking, planning to take, or seeking to take any of the actions prohibited by clauses (a) through (d) of this


	Section 4.1


	or otherwise act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to control or influence the Board of Directors or the management or policies of the Company, including its Subsidiaries;



	(f)



	provided


	,


	however


	, that nothing in this


	Section 4.1


	will limit  (i) any Purchaser Party’s ability to vote or Transfer (subject to


	Section 4.2


	) its Common Stock or Preferred Stock or otherwise exercise rights under its Preferred Stock; (ii) the ability of any director elected by the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Certificate to vote or otherwise exercise its fiduciary duties as a member of the Board of Directors; (iii) the ability of any director elected by the holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Certificate to seek to participate fully as a director on the Board of Directors, (iv) the ability of the Purchaser or the holders of Preferred Stock to exercise their rights to elect directors pursuant to the Certificate; or (v) the ability of the Purchaser to exercise its participation rights pursuant to


	Section 4.4


	.



	(g)



	provided, further


	, that, with respect to the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have taken any of the actions described in this


	Section 4.1


	solely due to the taking of any such action by NGP or any of NGP’s Affiliates (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that NGP is not an Affiliate of the Purchaser).  







	Section 4.2



	Transfer Restrictions


	.



	(a)



	Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, including


	Section 4.2(b)


	, until the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Purchaser Parties will not (i) Transfer any Preferred Stock or (ii) make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a short sale of or the purpose of which is to offset the loss which results from a decline in the market price of, any shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock, or otherwise establish or increase, directly or indirectly, a put equivalent position, as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, with respect to any of the Preferred Stock, the Common Stock or any other capital stock of the Company (any such action, a “


	Hedge


	”).



	(b)



	Notwithstanding


	Section 4.2(a)


	, the Purchaser Parties shall be permitted to Transfer any portion or all of their Preferred Stock or Common Stock at any time under the following circumstances:





	(i)



	Transfers to any Affiliate of such Purchaser Party (the recipient of the shares so Transferred, a “


	Permitted Transferee


	”), but only if the transferee agrees in writing prior to such Transfer for the express benefit of the Company (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company and with a copy thereof to be furnished to the Company) to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and if the transferee and the transferor agree for the express benefit of the Company that the transferee shall Transfer the Preferred Stock (or any



	22


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Equity Securities iss


	ued in respect thereof) so Transferred back to the transferor at or before such time as the transferee ceases to be a Permitted Transferee of the transferor);



	(ii)



	Transfers in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate) which has been approved by the Board of Directors, has not  been initiated by such Purchaser Party (or its Affiliates) and pursuant to which the Preferred Stock is converted into cash or equity securities; and



	(c)



	Notwithstanding


	Sections 4.2(a)


	and


	(b)


	, the Purchaser Parties will not at any time, directly or knowingly indirectly (without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors which, in the case of any 10% Entity, shall not be unreasonably withheld) Transfer any Preferred Stock or Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock to a Company Competitor or a 10% Entity.



	(d)



	Notwithstanding


	Sections 4.2(a)


	,


	(b)


	or


	(c)


	, (i) nothing therein shall prohibit any Purchaser Party from Transferring all or any portion of its Preferred Stock or Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof (A) to NGP or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) as approved in writing by the Board of Directors, (ii) nothing in


	Sections 4.2(c)


	shall restrict any Transfer of Common Stock into the public market pursuant to an Underwritten Offering (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or otherwise in an open market transaction and (iii) nothing in


	Sections 4.2(a)(i)


	or


	(c)


	shall restrict any Transfer of Common Stock in connection with, and to the extent of, the exercise of such Purchaser Party’s rights to participate in any Underwritten Offering that it is then eligible to participate in pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or to exercise their rights to demand registration not involving a sale pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.  









	Section 4.3



	Legend


	.





	(a)



	The Purchaser agrees that all certificates or other instruments representing the Preferred Stock or Common Stock subject to this Agreement will bear a legend substantially to the following effect:



	THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT WHILE A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING THERETO IS IN EFFECT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS.


	THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP SET FORTH IN A PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MAY 10, 2017, COPIES OF WHICH ARE ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE ISSUER AND WILL BE PROVIDED, WITHOUT COST, UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY.


	23


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(b)




	Upon request of the Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of an opinion of counsel rea


	sonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that such legend is no longer required under the Securities Act and applicable state laws, the Company shall promptly cause the first paragraph of the legend to be removed from any certificate for any Prefe


	rred Stock or Common Stock to be transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the second paragraph legend shall be removed upon the expiration of such transfer and other restrictions set forth in this Agreement (and, for the avoidance of


	doubt, immediately prior to any termination of this Agreement). The Purchaser acknowledges that the Preferred Stock and Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any state securi


	ties laws and agrees that it will not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Preferred Stock or Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, except in compliance with the registration requirements or exemption provisions of the Securities


	Act and any other applicable securities laws.





	(c)



	In the event that the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock are uncertificated, the Company shall give notice of such legend in accordance with applicable Law.









	Section 4.4



	Participation


	.  



	(a)


	For the purposes of this Section 4.4, “

	Excluded Stock

	” shall mean (i) equity securities issued by the Company as a stock dividend, or upon any subdivision or split-up of the outstanding shares of capital stock, (ii) the issuance of equity securities (including upon exercise of options) to directors, employees or consultants of the Company pursuant to a stock option plan, restricted stock plan or other similar plan approved by the Board of Directors, (iii) the issuance of equity securities in connection with bona fide acquisitions of securities (other than securities of the Company or any non-wholly-owned Company Subsidiary), or any assets of another Person or business of another Person (other than solely for cash), (iv) securities issued in a bona fide public offering pursuant to a registration under the Securities Act, or (v) securities issued pursuant to the conversion, exercise or exchange of the Preferred Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, any securities issued or issuable by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement or the Common Stock Issuance Agreement shall be “Excluded Stock.”


	(b)


	If after the Closing, and for so long as the holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to elect a member of the Board of Directors under the Certificate, the Company proposes to issue equity securities of any kind to NGP (the term “equity securities” shall include for these purposes any warrants, options or other rights to acquire Common Stock or any other class of capital stock of the Company), other than Excluded Stock (a “

	Qualifying Issuance

	”), then, the Company shall:




	(1)


	give written notice to the Purchaser (no less than twenty (20) business days prior to the closing of such Qualifying Issuance or if the Company reasonably expects such Qualifying Issuance to be completed in less than twenty (20) business days, such shorter period, which shall be as long as commercially practicable (and in any event no less than ten (10) business days), required for the Purchaser and (subject to

	Section 4.2

	) its Affiliates to participate in such issuance) setting forth in reasonable detail (A) the designation and all of the terms and provisions of the securities proposed to be issued (the


	24


	 


	 


	 




	 



	“


	Proposed Securities


	”), including, where applicable, the voting powers, preferences and relat


	ive participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualification, limitations or restrictions thereof; (B) the price and other terms of the proposed sale of such securities; (C) the amount of such securities proposed to be issued; and (D) such ot


	her information as the Purchaser may reasonably request in order to evaluate the proposed issuance; and



	(2)


	offer to issue and sell to the Purchaser, on such terms as the Proposed Securities are issued and upon full payment by the Purchaser, the percentage of the Proposed Securities determined by dividing (A) the number of shares of Common Stock the Purchaser Beneficially Owns by (B) the total number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding (each, as determined assuming conversion in full of all shares of Preferred Stock then convertible into shares of Common Stock and taking into account the Common Stock held by the Purchaser), times one-hundred (100).


	(c)


	The Purchaser must exercise its purchase rights hereunder within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of such notice from the Company, or if the Company reasonably expects such issuance to be completed in less than twenty (20) business days, such shorter period, which shall be as long as practicable (and in any event no less than ten (10) business days after receipt of notice from the Company), required for the Purchaser and its Affiliates to participate in such Qualifying Issuance. To the extent that the Company offers two or more securities in units to the other participants in the Qualifying Issuance, the Purchaser must purchase such units as a whole and will not be given the opportunity to purchase only one of the securities making up such unit. The closing of the exercise of such subscription right shall take place simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Proposed Securities giving rise to such subscription right. The obligation of the Company to provide the notice described in

	Section 4.4(b)

	shall be subject to the Purchaser’s written agreement to confidentiality and restrictions on trading terms reasonably acceptable to the Company. The failure of the Purchaser to agree to such terms within ten (10) days after the date of receipt of the Company’s notice as described in

	Section 4.4(b)

	shall constitute a waiver of the Purchaser’s rights under this

	Section 4.4

	in respect of any such Qualifying Issuance.


	(d)


	Upon the expiration of the offering period described above, the Company will be free to sell such Proposed Securities that the Purchaser has not elected to purchase to NGP during the forty-five (45) days following such expiration on economic terms no more favorable to, and on such other non-economic terms and conditions no more favorable in the aggregate to, the purchasers thereof than those offered to the Purchaser in the notice delivered in accordance with

	Section 4.4(b)

	. Any Proposed Securities offered or sold by the Company to NGP after such 45-day period must be reoffered to the Purchaser pursuant to this

	Section 4.4

	.


	(e)


	The election by the Purchaser not to exercise its subscription rights under this

	Section 4.4

	in any one instance shall not affect its rights with respect to any other instance or its right as to any subsequent proposed Qualifying Issuance. Any sale of such securities by the Company to NGP without first giving the Purchaser the rights described in this

	Section 4.4

	shall be void and of no force and effect.


	Section 4.5



	Tax Matters


	.





	25


	 


	 


	 




	 











	(a)




	The Company and its paying agent shall be entitled to withhold taxes on all payments or deemed payments and constructive distributions, on the Preferred Stock or Common


	Stock or other securities issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock to the extent required by law. The Company and its paying agent shall be entitled to satisfy any required withholding tax on non-cash payments (including deemed payments) through a sal


	e of all or a portion of the shares the Purchaser receives as a dividend, from cash dividends subsequently paid or credited to the Purchaser or through a sale of all or a portion of the Common Stock or other securities the Purchaser receives upon a convers


	ion of the Preferred Stock or otherwise owns.  On or prior to the Closing, the Purchaser (or any transferee) shall deliver to the Company or its paying agent a duly executed, valid, accurate and properly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifyi


	ng as to a complete exemption from backup withholding.



	(b)



	Absent a change in law (including Internal Revenue Service  published administrative practice) or a contrary determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Code), the Purchaser and the Company agree not to treat the Preferred Stock (based on the terms as set forth in the Certificate) as “preferred stock” within the meaning of Section 305 of the Code, and U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.305-5 for United States federal income tax and withholding tax purposes and shall not take any position inconsistent with such treatment.



	(c)



	During any taxable year in which any shares of the Preferred Stock are or have been outstanding: (i) the Company shall not declare or pay any dividends or other distributions in cash or property with respect to its capital stock (other than dividends or other distributions of cash or property paid on the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock); (ii) the Company shall not authorize, issue or reclassify any shares of any class or series of stock (other than authorizations and issuances of any additional shares of Common Stock or additional shares of Preferred Stock); (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall issue any stock or debt instrument that is convertible or exchangeable into shares of its capital stock (or that is accompanied by options or warrants to purchase such stock); and (iv) the Company shall not redeem, repurchase, recapitalize or acquire shares of its capital stock in a transaction that would be treated, in whole or in part, as a dividend for United States federal income tax purposes (unless such redemption, repurchase, recapitalization or acquisition, based on the Company’s reasonable determination, is an isolated transaction within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.305-3(b)(3));


	provided


	that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the foregoing covenants and restrictions in


	Section 4.5(b)


	and


	Section 4.5(c)


	shall not apply:  (i) with respect to any transactions undertaken in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in the Certificate), (ii) after such Change in Control shall have occurred, or (iii) if the Purchaser ceases to Beneficially Own less than two shares of Preferred Stock.







	(d)



	The Company shall pay any and all do


	cumentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on (x)


	 the issue of the Preferred Stock and (y) the issue of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as applicable, upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. However, in the case of conversion of Preferred Stock, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock in a name other than that of the holder of the shares to be converted, and no such issue or delivery shall be made unless and until the Person requesting such issue has paid to the Company the amount of any such tax, or has established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.



	26


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(e)




	The Company shall provi


	de any information reasonably requested by the Purchaser necessary to enable the Purchaser to comply with its United States federal income tax reporting obligations, including but not limited to a determination of the amount of the Company’s current and ac


	cumulated earnings and profits in any taxable year where such determination is relevant to determining the amount (if any) of any distribution or deemed distribution received by the Purchaser from the Company that is properly treated as a dividend within t


	he meaning of Section 316 of the Code.







	ARTICLE V




	MISCELLANEOUS


	 








	Section 5.1



	Survival; Limitations on Liability




	. The representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until the first anniversary of the Closing, except (i) the representations and warranties contained in


	Sections 2.1(a)


	,


	2.1(b)


	,


	2.1(c)(i)


	and


	2.1(e)


	, which will survive indefinitely and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in


	Sections 2.2(a)


	and


	2.2(b)(i)


	, which will survive indefinitely. All of the covenants or other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until fully performed or fulfilled, unless and to the extent that non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled to such performance.  The Company shall not be liable hereunder to the Purchaser or any other Person for any punitive, exemplary, treble, special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages (including any loss of earnings or profits).







	Section 5.2



	Expenses


	. Each of the parties to this Agreement will bear and pay all costs and expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement;


	provided, however


	, that, except as set forth in Section 4.7 that the Company shall, upon the Closing, reimburse the Purchaser for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with due diligence, the negotiation and preparation of the Transaction Documents and undertaking of the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Transaction Documents (including fees and expenses of attorneys and accounting and financial advisers in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement), up to a maximum amount of $150,000.







	Section 5.3



	Amendment; Waiver


	. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective with respect to any party unless made in writing and signed by an officer of a duly authorized representative of such party. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The conditions to each party’s obligation to consummate the Closing are for the sole benefit of such party and may be waived by such party in whole or in part to the extent permitted by applicable law. No waiver of any party to this Agreement, as the case may be, will be effective unless it is in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the waiving party that makes express reference to the provision or provisions subject to such waiver. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.









	Section 5.4



	Counterparts


	. For the convenience of the parties hereto, this Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to



	27


	 


	 


	 




	 



	be an original instrument, and all such counterparts will together constit


	ute the same agreement. Executed signature pages to this Agreement may be delivered by facsimile or other means of electronic transmission and such facsimiles or other means of electronic transmission will be deemed as sufficient as if actual signature pag


	es had been delivered.









	Section 5.5



	Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction


	. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether in the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery located in the State of Delaware, or in the event (but only in the event) that such court shall not have subject matter jurisdiction, any federal court of the United States or other state court located in the State of Delaware, for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waives any defense in any such action, suit or proceeding that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the abovenamed courts and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that the action, suit or proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.  







	Section 5.6



	WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL


	.


	EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.













	Section 5.7



	Notices


	. Any notice, request, instruct


	ion or other document to be given hereunder by any party to the other will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally or by telecopy, electronic mail or facsimile, upon confirmation of recei


	pt (it being understood that the parties agree to provide confirmation of receipt immediately upon the receipt of any notice by telecopy, electronic mail or facsimile), (b) on the first business day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a recogniz


	ed next-day courier service, or (c) on the third business day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. The Purchaser agrees that any notice required or permitted by this Agreement or under the Certificate of Incorporation (including the Certificate), the Bylaws, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or other applicable law may be given to the Purchaser at the address or by means of electronic transmission set forth below.  The Purchaser further agrees to notify the Company of any change to the Purchaser’s electronic mail address, and further agrees that the provision of such notice to the Company shall constitute the consent of the Purchaser to receive notice at such electronic mail address.  In the event that the Company is unable to deliver notice to the Purchaser at the electronic mail address so provided by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall, within two (2) business days after a request by the Company, provide the Company with a valid electronic mail address to which the Purchaser consents to receive notice at such electronic mail address. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice.





	(a)



	If to the Purchaser:



	28


	 


	 


	 




	 





	The Carlyle Group



	1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.


	Washington, D.C. 20004


	Attn:  Martin Sumner and Gregory Nikodem


	Fax: (202) 347-1818


	with a copy to (which copy alone shall not constitute notice):




	Latham & Watkins LLP


	555 Eleventh Street, N.W.


	Suite 1000


	Washington, D.C. 20004


	Attn:  David Dantzic and Brandon Bortner


	 


	(b)



	If to the Company:



	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation

	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400

	Houston, Texas 77024

	Attn:

	Kyle N. R

	oane

	Fax:

	(713) 568-4910



	with a copy to (which copy alone shall not constitute notice):


	Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

	1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500

	Houston, Texas 77002

	Attn:

	Douglas E. McWilliams


	Fax:

	(713) 758-2222







	Section 5.8



	Entire Agreement


	. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto) constitute the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, representations and warranties, both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof.











	Section 5.9



	Assignment


	. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties,


	provided


	,


	however




	, that (a) the Purchaser may assign its rights, interests and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to one or more Affiliates that are “United States persons” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code in accordance with this Agreement, including Section


	4.2(b), and (b) in order for such assignment to be effective, the assignee shall agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement;


	provided


	,


	that


	no such assignment will relieve the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder prior to the Closing.











	Section 5.10



	Interpretation; Other Definitions


	. Wherever required by the context of this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa, and references to any agreement,



	29


	 


	 


	 




	 



	document or instrument shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, document or instrument as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. All ar


	ticle, section, paragraph or clause references not attributed to a particular document shall be references to such parts of this Agreement, and all exhibit, annex and schedule references not attributed to a particular document shall be references to such e




	xhibits, annexes and


	schedules


	to this Agreement. In addition, the following terms are ascribed the following meanings:







	(a)



	the word “


	or


	” is not exclusive;





	(b)



	the words “


	including


	,” “


	includes


	,” “


	included


	” and “


	include


	” are deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”;





	(c)



	the terms “


	herein


	,” “


	hereof


	” and “


	hereunder


	” and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision;





	(d)



	the term “


	business day


	” means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; and





	(e)



	the term “


	person


	” has the meaning given to it in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act.







	(f)



	“


	10% Entity


	” means any person that, together with its Affiliates, after giving effect to a proposed Transfer, would own greater than 10% of the then outstanding Common Stock (determined on a fully diluted, as converted basis).





	(g)



	“


	Affiliate


	” means, with respect to any person, any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with, such other person;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that (a) portfolio companies in which the Purchaser or its Affiliates have an investment (unless any such portfolio company has received Information from any Purchaser Party) or (b) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the Company’s other controlled Affiliates, in each case, will not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Purchaser for purposes of this Agreement. For purposes of this agreement, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) when used with respect to any person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to cause the direction of management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.





	(h)



	“


	as-converted basis


	” means, with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock, all outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated on a basis in which all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that is then outstanding whether or not the Preferred Stock is then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable by the holder, are assumed to be then outstanding.











	(i)



	“


	Beneficial Ownership


	” or “


	Beneficially Own


	” shall have the meaning given such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and a person’s Beneficial Ownership of securities shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of such Rule;


	provided


	,


	however


	,



	30


	 


	 


	 




	 



	that for purposes of determining any person’s Beneficial Ownership, such person shall be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any Equity Securities


	which may be acquired by such person, whether within sixty (60) days or thereafter, upon the conversion, exchange, redemption or exercise of any warrants, options, rights or other securities issued by the Company or any Company Subsidiary.





	(j)



	“


	Committee


	” means a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors consisting of independent directors.







	(k)



	“


	Company Competitor


	” shall mean (i) any Upstream Competitor identified in writing to the Purchaser by the Company prior to the Closing Date, and (ii) on and after the Closing Date, any Upstream Competitor identified in writing to the Purchaser at the direction of the Board of Directors acting in good faith. “


	Upstream Competitor


	” shall mean (i) any Person whose primary business is oil and gas exploration and production activities and who owns or operates upstream oil and gas properties that are located within 100 miles of any oil and gas properties owned or operated by the Company and (ii) any private equity fund that controls any Upstream Competitor.





































	(l)



	“


	Company Material Adverse Effect


	” shall mean, with respect to the Company, any Effect that, individually or taken together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the occurrence of the Company Material Adverse Effect, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that in no event shall any of the following occurring after the date hereof, alon


	e or in combination, be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (A)


	 any change in the Company’s stock price or trading volume, (B) any failure by the Company to meet revenue or e


	arnings projections, (C) any Effect that results from changes affecting the oil and gas industry generally, or the United States economy generally, or any Effect that results from changes affecting general worldwide economic or capital market conditions, i


	n each case except to the extent such changes disproportionately affect the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other oil and gas exploration and production  companies operating in the United States, (D) any Effect caused by the announcement or pendency of the Acquisition, or the identity of the Company or any of its Affiliates as the acquirer in connection with the Acquisition (including any litigation arising from the Acquisition Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Ac


	quisition Agreement), (E) any Effect caused by the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or the identity of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates as the purchasers in connection with the transactions contemplated by


	this Agreement (including any litigation arising from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), (F)


	 acts of war or terrorism or natural disasters, (G) the performance of this Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement and the transactio


	ns contemplated hereby and thereby, including compliance with the covenants set forth herein and therein, or any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Company at the request or with the prior consent of the Purchaser, (H) in and of itself, the commencement of any suit, action or proceeding (


	provided


	that such exclusion shall not apply to any underlying fact, event or circumstance that may have caused or contributed to such action, suit or proceeding), or any liability, sanction or penalty arising from any governmental proceeding or investigation that was commenced prior to the date of this



	31


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Agreement and disclosed by the Company in this Agreement or in a correspondingly identified schedule attached hereto,


	(I)


	 changes in GAAP or other accounting standard




	s (or any interpretation thereof) or


	(J)


	 changes in any Laws or other binding directives issued by any Governmental Entity or interpretations or enforcement thereof;


	provided


	,


	however




	, that


	(x)




	 the exceptions in clause (A) and


	(B)


	 shall not prevent or othe




	rwise affect a determination that any Effect underlying such change or failure has resulted in, or contributed to, a Company Material Adverse Effect,


	(y)




	 without limiting clause (C), with respect to clauses (F),


	(I)




	and


	(J)


	, such Effects, alone or in combi


	nation, may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred, but only to the extent such Effects disproportionately affect the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative


	to other oil and gas exploration and production companies operating in the United States.



	(m)



	“


	Credit Agreement


	” means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, among the Company as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto.  



	(n)



	“


	Effect


	” shall mean any change, event, effect or circumstance.



	(o)



	“


	Existing Registration Rights Holders


	” means, collectively, WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  







	(p)





	“


	Equity Securities


	” means the equity securities of the Company, including shares of Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock.  





	(q)



	“


	Knowledge of the Company


	” means the actual knowledge of one or more of Jay Graham, Andrew J. Cozby and Kyle Roane.





	(r)



	“


	Law


	” means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, order, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity, including without limitation, any international, foreign, national, state, provincial, regional, or local authority, relating to pollution, the protection of occupational health and workplace safety, the environment, or natural resources, or to use, handling, storage, manufacturing, transportation, treatment, discharge, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants applicable to such entity, which compliance includes, without limitation, obtaining, maintaining and complying with all permits and authorizations and approvals required by such to conduct its business.





	(s)



	“


	Lien


	” means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien, charge or other restriction of any kind, whether based on common law, statute or contract.





	(t)



	“


	NGP


	” means NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and any funds managed by NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C and any of their respective Subsidiaries.



	32


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(u)




	“


	NYSE Listing Approval


	” means approval of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock for listing on the NYSE.  



	(v)



	“


	Purchaser Parties


	” means the Purchaser and each Permitted Transferee of the Purchaser to whom shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock are transferred pursuant to


	Section 4.2(b)(i)


	.



	(w)



	“


	Representatives


	” means, with respect to any person, such person’s directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and advisors.



	(x)



	“


	Schedule 14C Action


	” means, collectively, (i) the filing of an Information Statement on Schedule 14C relating to the transaction contemplated hereby with the SEC and the receipt from the SEC of notice that it has no comments thereon, (ii) the mailing of such Information Statement to the Company’s shareholders and (iii) the expiration of the 20 calendar day waiting period under Rule 14c-2(b) (such period, the “


	Schedule 14C Waiting Period


	”).  



	(y)



	“


	Transaction Documents


	” means this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.





	(z)



	“


	Transfer


	” means by any person means directly or indirectly, to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or similarly dispose of, either voluntarily or involuntarily, or to enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or similar disposition of, any Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by such person or of any interest (including any voting interest) in any Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by such person. For the avoidance of doubt, a transfer of control of the direct or indirect Beneficial Owner of Equity Securities is a Transfer of such Equity Securities for purposes of this Agreement;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this A


	greement, a Transfer shall not include (i) the conversion of one or more shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate, (ii) the redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by the Company or (iii) the transfer (other than by the Purchaser or an Affiliate of the Purchaser) of any limited partnership interests or other equity interests in the Purchaser (or any direct or indirect parent entity of the Purchaser), in each case, unless the transferor or transferee were formed for the purpose of holding any Equity Securities;


	provided


	,


	that


	if any transferor or transferee referred to in this clause (iii) ceases to be controlled by the Person controlling such Person immediately prior to such transfer, such event shall be deemed to constitute a “


	Transfer


	”.







	Section 5.11



	Captions


	. The article, section, paragraph and clause captions herein are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and will not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.









	Section 5.12



	Severability


	. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person (including the officers and directors the parties hereto) or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances



	33


	 


	 


	 




	 



	other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, will remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be a


	ffected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith i


	n an effort to agree upon a suitable and equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the parties.









	Section 5.13



	No Third Party Beneficiaries


	. Nothing contained in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto (and their permitted assigns), any benefit right or remedies.







	Section 5.14



	Public Announcements


	. Subject to each party’s disclosure obligations imposed by law or regulation or the rules of any stock exchange upon which its securities are listed, each of the parties hereto will cooperate with each other in the development and distribution of all news releases and other public information disclosures with respect to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and neither the Company nor the Purchaser will make any such news release without first consulting with the other, and, in each case, also receiving the other’s consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and each party shall coordinate with the party whose consent is required with respect to any such news release or public disclosure.







	Section 5.15



	Specific Performance


	. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, without the necessity of posting bond or other undertaking, the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in addition to any other remedies to which they are entitled at law or equity, and in the event that any action or suit is brought in equity to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, no party will allege, and each party hereby waives the defense or counterclaim, that there is an adequate remedy at law.







	Section 5.16



	Termination


	. Subject to


	Section 5.1


	, this Agreement will survive the Closing so long as the Purchaser is entitled to designate at least one director pursuant to the Certificate and, in any event, shall survive so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding.  Prior to the Closing, this Agreement may only be terminated:





	(a)



	by mutual written agreement of the Company and the Purchaser;







	(b)



	by the Company or the Purchaser with respect to itself, upon written notice to the other party in the event that the Closing shall not have occurred on or before September 30, 2017;


	provided


	,


	however


	that the right to


	terminate this Agreement pursuant to this


	Section 5.16(b)


	 shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligations under this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to such date;



	34


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(c)




	by either the Company or the Purchaser as to itself if a United States court of competent jurisdiction shall permanently enjoi


	n the consummation of the Purchase and such injunction shall be final and non-appealable;



	(d)



	without any action by any party, if the Acquisition Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms at any time prior to the Closing;



	(e)



	by notice given by the Company to the Purchaser if there have been one or more inaccuracies in or breaches of one or more representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement such that the conditions in


	Section 1.3(c)(i)


	or


	Section 1.3(c)(ii)


	would not be satisfied and which have not been cured by the Purchaser thirty (30) days after receipt by the Purchaser of written notice from the Company requesting such inaccuracies or breaches to be cured; or



	(f)



	by notice given by the Purchaser to the Company, if there have been one or more inaccuracies in or breaches of one or more representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement such that the conditions in


	Section 1.3(b)(i)


	or


	1.3(b)(ii)


	would not be satisfied and which have not been cured by the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of written notice from the Purchaser requesting such inaccuracies or breaches to be cured.















	Section 5.17



	Effects of Termination


	. In the event of any termination of this Agreement in accordance with


	Section 5.16


	, no party (or any of its Affiliates) shall have any liability or obligation to the other party (or any of its Affiliates) under or in respect of this Agreement, except to the extent of (A) any liability arising from any breach by such party of its obligations of this Agreement arising prior to such termination and (B) any fraud or intentional or willful breach of this Agreement. In the event of a


	ny such termination, this Agreement shall become void and have no effect, and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned without further action by the parties hereto, in each case, except (x)


	 as set forth in the preceding sentence and (y) that the provisions of


	Section 3.5


	,


	Sections 5.2


	through


	5.15


	and


	Section 5.18


	shall survive the termination of this Agreement.











	Section 5.18



	Non-Recourse


	. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement may only be made against the entities that are expressly identified as parties hereto, including entities that become parties hereto after the date hereof or that agree in writing for the benefit of the Company to be bound by the terms of this Agreement applicable to the Purchaser, and no former, current or future equityholders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents or Affiliates of any party hereto or any former, current or future equityholder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, a “


	Non-Recourse Party


	”) shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith. Without limiting the rights of any party against the other parties hereto, in no event shall any party or any of its Affiliates seek to enforce this



	35


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Agreement against, make any claims for breach of this Agreement against, or seek to recover monetary damages from, any Non-Recourse Party.





	 


	 


	36


	 


	 


	 




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the date first herein above written.



	 


	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	 






	By:




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	Name:




	Jay C. Graham






	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer






	 


	 


	PURCHASER:


	 


	CP VI EAGLE HOLDINGS, L.P.


	 


	By:  TC Group VI S1, L.P., its general partner


	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Martin W. Sumner






	Name:




	Martin W. Sumner






	Title:




	Managing Director






	 




	 


	 


	 



	[Signature Page to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement]



	 




	 







	EXHIBIT A










	Form of Series A PERPETUAL Convertible



	Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	A-1




	 





	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION



	_______________________



	CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS






	Pursuant to Section 151 of the General

	Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

	_______________________


	6.00% SERIES A PERPETUAL CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK


	(Par Value $0.01 Per Share)




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “

	Corporation

	”), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “

	DGCL

	”), hereby certifies that, pursuant to the authority expressly granted to and vested in the Board by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as so amended and as further amended from time to time in accordance with its terms and the DGCL, the “

	Certificate of Incorporation

	”), which authorizes the Board, by resolution, to set forth the designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, in one or more series of up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “

	Preferred Stock



	”), and in accordance with the provisions of Section 151 of the DGCL, the Board duly adopted on [●], 2017 the following resolution, which resolution remains in full force and effect on the date hereof:


	RESOLVED

	, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in it, the Board hereby creates a new series consisting of 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock, designated 6.00% Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, and hereby fixes the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of such series of Preferred Stock as set forth in this certificate of designations (this “


	Certificate of Designations


	”):





	1.



	General


	.





	(a)



	There shall be created from the 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation authorized to be issued pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock designated as “6.00% Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock” par value $0.01 per share (the “


	Series A Preferred Stock


	”), and the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be 500,000. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation, or that are converted into shares of Common Stock, shall be cancelled and shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of Series A Preferred Stock.





	(b)



	The Series A Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, ranks: (i) senior to all Junior Stock; (ii) on a parity with all Parity Stock; (iii) junior to all Senior Stock; and (iv) junior to existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of the Corporation.



	 




	 





	(c)




	The Series


	A Preferred Stock has no maturity date and (except as provided in


	Section 4


	in connection with a Change of Control) is not mandatorily redeemable (pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise) or redeemable at the option of the Holders.







	2.



	Definitions


	.


	  As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:



	(a)



	“


	10% Entity


	” means any Person that, together with its Affiliates, after giving effect to a proposed Transfer, would own greater than 10% of the then outstanding Common Stock, on an as-converted basis.



	(b)



	“


	14C Expiration Date


	”


	shall mean the date


	immediately following the expiration of the 20 calendar day period commencing on the stated date of distribution to the Corporation’s stockholders in accordance with Rule 14c-2 of Regulation 14C promulgated under the Exchange Act of a definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed by the Corporation with the SEC relating to the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock


	.



	(c)



	“Accreted Value”




	shall mean, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, the Initial Liquidation Value as the same may be increased pursuant to


	Section 3


	.



	(d)



	“


	Affiliate


	” means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with, such other Person;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the Corporation, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the Corporation’s other controlled Affiliates, will not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Holder for purposes of this Certificate of Designations. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) when used with respect to any person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to cause the direction of management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, none of NGP, the Corporation or any of their respective Affiliates shall be deemed Affiliates of Carlyle or any of its Affiliates.



	(e)



	“


	as-converted basis


	” means, with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock, all outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated on a basis in which all shares of Common Stock issuable at the time of determination upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock that is then outstanding, whether or not the Series A Preferred Stock is then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable by the holder thereof, are assumed to be then outstanding.  



	(f)



	“


	Beneficial Ownership


	” or “


	Beneficially Own


	” shall have the meaning given such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and a Person’s Beneficial Ownership of securities shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of such Rule;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that for purposes of determining any Person’s Beneficial Ownership, such Person shall be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any Equity Securities that may be acquired by such Person, whether within sixty (60) days or thereafter, upon the conversion, exchange, redemption or exercise of any warrants, options, rights or other securities issued by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries.



	2


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(g)




	“


	Board


	” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or, with respect to any action to be taken by the Board of Directors, any committee of the Board of Directors


	duly authorized to take such action.





	(h)



	“


	Business Day


	” shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.





	(i)



	“


	Capital Stock


	” shall mean, for any entity, any and all shares, equity interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, equity participations or other equity equivalents of or equity interests in (however designated) capital stock issued by that entity;


	provided that


	, “Capital Stock” of the Corporation shall not include any convertible or exchangeable debt securities that, prior to conversion or exchange, will rank senior in right of payment to the Series A Preferred Stock.



	(j)



	“


	Carlyle


	” means CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P.





	(k)







	“


	Certificate of Designations


	” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals.



	(l)



	“


	Certificate of Incorporation


	” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals.





	(m)



	A “


	Change of Control


	” shall be deemed to have occurred at any time after the Series A Preferred Stock is originally issued if any of the following occurs:





	(i)



	the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person (including any “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)) other than any Permitted Holder;





	(ii)



	the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation; or





	(iii)



	the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any “person” (as defined above), other than any Permitted Holder, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting stock of the Corporation, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, units or the like;


	provided


	that a transaction in which the Corporation becomes a Subsidiary of another Person shall not constitute a Change of Control if, immediately following such transaction, the “persons” (as defined above) who were Beneficial Owners of the voting stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction Beneficially Own, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 50% or more of the total voting power of the voting stock of such other Person of whom the Corporation has become a Subsidiary.





	(n)



	“


	Change of Control Call


	”


	shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 4(b)


	.



	3


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(o)




	“


	Change of Control


	Cash Price


	” shall mean, as of the date of any redemption in connection with a  Change of Control Put or Change of Control Call, an amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to (x) the Accreted Value of such share of Series A Pref


	erred Stock as of such date plus (y)  if the applicable redemption date is prior to [●], 2019


	[insert date that is the 30-month anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the amount equal to the net present value (computed using a discount rate of the Treasur


	y Rate plus fifty (50) basis points) of the sum of all dividends that would otherwise be payable on such share of Series A Preferred Stock on each of the Dividend Payment Dates occurring during the period on and after the applicable redemption date to and


	including [●], 2019 (which date for purposes of this calculation, shall be assumed to be an additional Dividend Payment Date) and assuming the Corporation elected to pay such dividends in cash pursuant to


	Section 3(a)


	;


	provided, however


	, that in the event


	of a Change of Control described in subsection (i) or (ii) of the definition thereof that is in connection with a liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation, the Change of Control Cash Price shall mean the greater of (a) the amount described


	above and (b) the amount that would be distributed in the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation with respect to such share if such share of Series A Preferred Stock was converted into Common Stock (at the Conversion Rate then in effect


	) immediately prior to such liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Stock is then convertible pursuant to the terms hereof)


	.



	(p)



	“


	Change of Control Effective Date


	”


	shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 4(c)


	.



	(q)



	“


	Change of Control Purchase Date


	” shall mean, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, the date on which the Corporation makes the payment in full in cash of the Change of Control Cash Price for such share to the Holder thereof.



	(r)



	“


	Change of Control Put


	”


	shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 4(a)


	.



	(s)



	“


	Change of Control Put Deadline


	”


	shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 4(c)(i)


	.



	(t)



	“


	Close of Business


	” shall mean 5:00 p.m., New York City time.









	(u)



	“


	Closing Sale Price


	” of the Common Stock on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices) on such date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded or, if the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date, as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization, or, if that bid price is not available, the fair market price of the Common Stock (or other relevant capital stock or equity interest) on that date as determined by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by the Corporation for this purpose with the prior cons


	ent of holders of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.  The Closing Sale Price of any other



	4


	 


	 


	 




	 



	security shall be determined in the same manner as set forth in this


	Section 2(u)


	for the determination of the Closing Sale Price of the Common S


	tock.



	(v)



	“


	Code


	” shall mean


	Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.



	(w)



	“


	Common Stock


	” shall mean the Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation, subject to


	Section 8(e)


	.





	(x)



	“


	Conversion Agent


	” shall mean the Transfer Agent acting in its capacity as conversion agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and its successors and assigns.





	(y)



	“


	Conversion Date


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 7(a)(iii)


	.





	(z)



	“


	Conversion Price


	” shall initially be $13.90 per share of Common Stock and shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to


	Section 8


	hereof.





	(aa)



	“


	Conversion Rate


	” shall mean, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock subject to conversion, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to its Accreted Value divided by the then applicable Conversion Price.





	(bb)



	“


	Corporation


	” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals.



	(cc)



	“


	Corporation Competitor


	” shall mean (i) any Upstream Competitor identified in writing to the Holders by the Corporation prior to the Initial Issue Date, and (ii) on and after the Initial Issue Date, any Upstream Competitor identified in writing to the Holders at the direction of the Board of Directors acting in good faith. “


	Upstream Competitor


	” shall mean (i) any Person whose primary business is oil and gas exploration and production activities and who owns or operates upstream oil and gas properties that are located within 100 miles of any oil and gas properties owned or operated by the Corporation and (ii) any private equity fund that controls any Upstream Competitor.



	(dd)



	“


	DGCL


	” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals.



	(ee)



	“


	Dividend Payment Date


	” shall mean January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, commencing on [


	●


	], 2017.





	(ff)



	“


	Dividend Rate


	” shall mean the rate per quarterly dividend period of 1.50% (6.00% per annum) per share of Series A Preferred Stock.





	(gg)



	“


	Dividend Record Date


	” shall mean, with respect to any Dividend Payment Date, the January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15, as the case may be, immediately preceding such Dividend Payment Date.



	(hh)



	“


	Equity Securities


	” means the equity securities of the Corporation, including shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock.  



	(ii)



	“


	Event


	”


	shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 5(a)(ii)(B)


	.



	5


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(jj)




	“


	Exchange Act


	” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.





	(kk)



	“


	Ex-Date


	,” when used with respect to any issuance, dividend or distribution of Common Stock, shall mean the first date on which the Common Stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution from the Corporation or, if applicable, from the seller of the Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise), as determined by such exchange or market.





	(ll)



	“


	Expiration Date


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 8(a)(iv)


	.



	(mm)



	“


	Final Accrual Period


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 3(d)


	.



	(nn)



	“


	Hedge


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 10(a)(i)


	.





	(oo)



	“


	Holder


	” shall mean a holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock.



	(pp)



	“


	HSR Expiration Date


	” shall mean the date on which all applicable approvals and waiting periods under the Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 that are required with respect to the conversion and voting rights of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth in this Certificate of Designations shall have been obtained or expired, as applicable, in each case as the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are held as of the Initial Issue Date.



	(qq)



	“


	Indebtedness


	” means (a) all obligations of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all letters of credit and letters of guaranty in respect of which the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries is an account party, (d) all securitization or similar facilities of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries and (e) all guarantees by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries of any of the foregoing.



	(rr)



	“


	Indebtedness Agreement


	” means any agreement, document or instrument governing or evidencing any Indebtedness of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries (including


	(A) that certain Indenture, dated February 1, 2017 among the Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or (B) that certain


	credit agreement, dated December 19, 2016, among the Corporation, the lenders and financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association


	(as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time).





	(ss)



	“


	Initial Issue Date


	” shall mean the first date of original issuance of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock.





	(tt)



	“


	Initial Liquidation Value


	” shall mean, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, $1,000.00.



	6


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(uu)




	“


	Junior Stock


	” shall mean


	(i)


	 the Common Stock and


	(ii)


	 each other class or series of the Corporation’s Capital Stock e


	stablished after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks senior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or


	dissolution of the Corporation.









	(vv)





	“


	Mandatory Conversion Date


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 7(b)(ii)




	.



	(ww)



	“


	NGP


	” means collectively, WHR Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and any of their respective Affiliates that own Capital Stock of the Company.  





	(xx)



	“


	Officer


	” shall mean the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation.





	(yy)



	“


	Open of Business


	” shall mean 9:00 a.m., New York City time.



	(zz)



	“


	Ownership Notice


	” shall mean the notice of ownership of Capital Stock of the Corporation containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to the DGCL and, in the case of an issuance of Capital Stock by the Corporation (including the Series A Preferred Stock), in substantially the form attached hereto as


	Exhibit A


	.





	(aaa)



	“


	Parity Stock


	” shall mean any class or series of the Corporation’s Capital Stock established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation.



	(bbb)



	“


	Permitted Holder


	” shall mean (i) any Person that is a “Permitted Holder” under (A) that certain Indenture, dated February 1, 2017 among the Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or (B) that certain


	credit agreement, dated December 19, 2016, among the Corporation, the lenders and financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association


	(as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time), (ii) Carlyle and its Affiliates and (iii) any Person who, together with its Affiliates, holds more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.



	(ccc)



	“


	Permitted Transferee


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 10(a)(ii)(A)


	.





	(ddd)



	“


	Person


	” shall mean any individual, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.



	7


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(eee)




	“


	Preferred Purchase Agreement


	” shall mean that certain Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May


	10, 2017 by and among the Holders as of the Initial Issue Date and the Corporation.





	(fff)



	“


	Preferred Stock


	” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals.



	(ggg)



	“


	Record Date


	” shall mean, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of the holders of Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board, statute, contract or otherwise).





	(hhh)



	“


	Reference Property


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 8(e)


	.



	(iii)



	“


	Registrable Securities


	” shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.



	(jjj)



	“


	Registration Rights Agreement


	” means that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of the Initial Issue Date by and among the Corporation and the others party thereto.





	(kkk)



	“


	Reorganization Event


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 8(e)


	.



	(lll)



	“


	Required Number of Shares


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 4(g)


	.



	(mmm)



	“


	Requisite Approvals Notice Date


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 11(e)


	.





	(nnn)



	“


	Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations


	” means, in connection with any Change of Control, (i) the payment in full in cash of all principal, interest, fees and all other amounts due or payable in respect of any Indebtedness of the


	Corporation


	or any of its Subsidiaries (including in respect of any penalty or premium) that is required to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed, repurchased or otherwise retired as a result of or in connection with such Change of Control or in order for the Series A Preferred Stock not to constitute or be deemed as “indebtedness”, “disqualified stock”, “disqualified capital stock”, “disqualified equity interests”, or similar instruments, however denominated, under the terms of any Indebtedness Agreement, (ii) the cancellation or termination, or if permitted by the terms of such Indebtedness, cash collateralization, of any letters of credit or letters of guaranty that are required to be cancelled or terminated or cash collateralized as a result of or in connection with such Change of Control or in order for the Series A Preferred Stock not to constitute or be deemed as “indebtedness”, “disqualified stock”, “disqualified capital stock”, “disqualified equity interests”, or similar instruments, however denominated, under the terms of any Indebtedness Agreement, (iii) compliance with any requirement to effect an offer to purchase any bonds, debentures, notes or other instruments of Indebtedness as a result of or in connection with such Change of Control



	8


	 


	 


	 




	 



	or in order for the Series A Preferred Stock not to constitute or be deemed as “indebtedness”, “disqualified stock”, “disqualified capit


	al stock”, “disqualified equity interests”, or similar instruments, however denominated, under the terms of any Indebtedness Agreement, and the purchase of any such instruments tendered in such offer and the payment in full of any other amounts due or paya


	ble in connection with such purchase and (iv) the termination of any lending commitments required to be terminated as a result of or in connection with such Change of Control or in order for the Series A Preferred Stock not to constitute or be deemed as “i


	ndebtedness”, “disqualified stock”, “disqualified capital stock”, “disqualified equity interests”, or similar instruments, however denominated, under the terms of any Indebtedness Agreement


	.





	(ooo)





	“


	SEC


	” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.





	(ppp)



	“


	Securities Act


	” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.





	(qqq)



	“


	Senior Stock


	” shall mean any class or series of the Corporation’s Capital Stock established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation.





	(rrr)



	“


	Series A Preferred Stock


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 1(a)


	.





	(sss)



	“


	Specified Contract Terms


	” means the covenants, terms and provisions of any indenture, credit agreement or any other Indebtedness Agreement governing the rights of the holders of or otherwise relating to any Indebtedness of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries.



	(ttt)



	“


	Spin-Off


	” shall have the meaning specified in


	Section 8(a)(iii)


	.





	(uuu)



	“


	Subsidiary


	” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership or limited liability company interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.





	(vvv)



	“


	Trading Day


	” shall mean a day during which trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchanges on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day.





	(www)



	“


	Transfer


	” by any person means directly or indirectly, to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or similarly dispose of, either voluntarily or involuntarily, for value or without value, or to enter into any written or oral contract, option or other arrangement



	9


	 


	 


	 




	 



	or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or similar disposition of, any Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by such person or of any interest (including any voting intere


	st) in any Equity Securities Beneficially Owned by such person. For the avoidance of doubt, a transfer of control of the direct or indirect Beneficial Owner of Equity Securities is a Transfer of such Equity Securities for purposes of this Certificate of De


	signations;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, a Transfer shall not include (i) the conversion of one or more shares of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of


	this Certificate of Designations, (ii) the redemption or other acquisition of Common Stock or Preferred Stock by the Corporation or (iii) the transfer (other than by a  Holder or an Affiliate of a Holder) of any limited partnership or limited liability com


	pany  interests or other equity interests in a Holder (or any direct or indirect parent entity of a Holder), in each case, unless the transferor or transferee were formed for the purpose of holding any Equity Securities;


	provided that


	, if any transferor or


	transferee referred to in this clause (iii) ceases to be controlled by the Person controlling such Person immediately prior to such transfer, such event shall be deemed to constitute a “Transfer”.





	(xxx)



	“


	Transfer Agent


	” shall mean


	Wells Fargo Shareowner Services


	, acting as the Corporation’s duly appointed transfer agent, registrar, redemption, conversion and dividend disbursing agent for the Series A Preferred Stock and the Common Stock. The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the Transfer Agent with 10 days’ prior notice to the Transfer Agent and Holders;


	provided


	that the Corporation shall appoint a successor Transfer Agent who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal.



	(yyy)



	“


	Treasury Rate


	” shall mean the yield to maturity at the time of computation of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) which has become publicly available at least five Business Days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the Average Assumed Dividend Period;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that if such Average Assumed Dividend Period is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Corporation shall obtain the Treasury Rate by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the Average Assumed Dividend Period is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used; and,


	provided




	further


	, that the Treasury Rate shall not in any event be less than zero. For purposes of this definition, “Average Assumed Dividend Period” shall mean the average number of months (weighted based on the amount of the assumed dividends) from the applicable redemption date to the applicable Dividend Payment Date for each dividend assumed to be paid for purposes of the calculation.



	(zzz)



	“


	Underwritten Offering


	” shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.



	10


	 


	 


	 




	 







	3.




	Dividends.







	(a)



	Subject to


	Section3(c)


	, from and after the Initial Issue Date, dividends shall, with respect to each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, accrue on the Accreted Value at the Dividend Rate for each Dividend Period (as defined below) to and including the next Dividend Payment Date. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be non-cumulative and shall accrue on a daily basis, whether or not declared. Such dividends shall be payable only when, as and if declared by the Board, and when so declared and paid, such dividends shall be paid in cash out of funds legally available therefor and shall be payable on the next Dividend Payment Date following such declaration by the Board to the Holders as they appear on the Corporation’s stock register at the Close of Business on the relevant Dividend Record Date. If any Dividend Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, payment of dividends declared under this


	Section 3(a)


	with respect to such Dividend Payment Date will be made on the next succeeding Business Day and no interest or dividends on such payment will accrue or accumulate, as the case may be, in respect of the delay. The period from the Initial Issue Date to and including July 31, 2017 and each period from but excluding a Dividend Payment Date to and including the following Dividend Payment Date is herein referred to as a “


	Dividend Period


	.”



	(b)



	If a cash dividend is not declared and paid in accordance with


	Section 3(a)


	on a Dividend Payment Date, then in full discharge of any accrual of dividends for such Dividend Period, the Accreted Value of each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock, regardless of its date of issue, shall automatically increase on such Dividend Payment Date by an amount equal to the Dividend Rate multiplied by the Accreted Value in effect immediately after the immediately prior Dividend Payment Date (or the Initial Issue Date in respect of the first Dividend Period).





	(c)



	Dividends payable under


	Section 3(a)


	(or future dividends calculated in determining Change of Control Cash Price) and any increase in Accreted Value under


	Section 3(b)


	(or deemed increase in Accreted Value under


	Section 3(e)




	) for any period less than a full quarterly dividend or accretion period (based upon the number of days elapsed during the period) shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.





	(d)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, if at any time on or after [●], 2019


	[insert date that is the 30-months after the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 130% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 25 consecutive Trading Days, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock will permanently cease to be entitled to any dividends pursuant to


	Section 3(a)


	or any further accretion of Accreted Value pursuant to


	Section 3(b)


	(the “


	Dividend Termination Date


	”);


	provided, however


	, that with respect to the period commencing on the day following the last Dividend Payment Date prior to the Dividend Termination Date and ending on, and including, the Dividend Termination Date (the “


	Final Accrual Period


	”), a cash dividend may be declared and paid in such amount accrued with respect to the Final Accrual Period payable on the next Dividend Payment Date following the Final Accrual Period as determined and paid otherwise in accordance with


	Section 3(a)


	, or if not declared and paid in accordance with the foregoing, the Accreted Value shall accrete in an amount accrued with respect to the Final Accrual Period on



	11


	 


	 


	 




	 



	the next Dividend Payment Date following the Final Accrual Period as determined and accreted otherwi


	se in accordance with


	Section 3(b)


	.



	(e)



	Under this Certificate of Designations, in calculating either the (A) number of shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock or (B) redemption price per share of Series A Preferred Stock, the Accreted Value of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be increased by the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends during the then-current Dividend Period regardless of whether, at the time of such conversion or redemption, a dividend payable on the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date has been declared pursuant to


	Section 3(a)


	. Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock subject to conversion or redemption shall not be entitled to receive any payment of dividends declared pursuant to


	Section 3(a)


	in respect of the Dividend Period in which the conversion or redemption occurs notwithstanding that a Dividend Record Date may have been fixed for the payment of such dividends prior to such conversion or redemption.



	(f)



	T


	he Series A Preferred Stock shall fully participate, on an as-converted basis, in any dividend declared and paid or distribution on the Common Stock (other than


	any dividend paid or distribution on the Common Stock in connection with the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation


	) as if the Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, at the Conversion Rate in effect on such Record Date.





	(g)



	Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividend other than as set forth in this


	Section 3


	.





	4.



	Special Rights Upon a Change of Control


	.





	(a)



	Repurchase at the Option of the Holder


	. Subject to the application of


	Section 4(b)


	, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each Holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the option to require the Corporation to purchase (a “


	Change of Control Put


	”) any or all of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock for cash at a purchase price per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the Change of Control Cash Price;


	provided


	that the Corporation shall only be required to pay the Change of Control Cash Price (i) after the Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Specified Contract Terms and (iii) to the extent such purchase can be made under applicable law and out of funds legally available therefor.







	(b)



	Initial Change of Control Notice


	. On or before the twentieth (20th) Business Day prior to the date on which the Corporation anticipates consummating a Change of Control (or, if later, promptly after the Corporation discovers that a Change of Control may occur or has occurred), a written notice shall be sent by or on behalf of the Corporation to the Holders as they appear in the records of the Corporation, which notice shall contain the date on which the Change of Control is anticipated to be effected (or, if applicable, (x) the date on which a Schedule TO or other schedule, form or report disclosing a Change of Control was filed or (y) the dat


	e on which the Change of Control occurred).  In connection with the delivery of such notice,


	the Corporation may elect to redeem (the “


	Change of Control Call


	”), contingent upon



	12


	 


	 


	 




	 



	and contemporaneously with the consummation of the Change of Control, but subje


	ct to the right of the Holders to convert the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to


	Section 7(a)


	prior to any such redemption, any or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock for cash at a redemption price per share equal to Change of Control Cash Pric


	e.



	(c)



	 


	Final Change of Control Notice.


	 


	To the extent the Change of Control Call has not been previously exercised by the Corporation, within two days following the effective date of the Change of Control (the “


	Change of Control Effective Date


	”) (or if the Corporation discovers later than such date that a Change of Control has occurred, promptly following the date of such discovery), a final written notice shall be sent by or on behalf of the Corporation to the Holders as they appear in the records of the Corporation, which notice shall contain:



	(i)



	the date by which the Holder must elect to exercise a Change of Control Put (which shall be no less than 20 days after the Change of Control Effective Date) (the “


	Change of Control Put Deadline


	”);



	(ii)



	the amount of cash payable per share of Series A Preferred Stock, if such Holder elects to exercise a Change of Control Put;



	(iii)



	a description of the payments and other actions required to be made or taken in order to effect the Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations;



	(iv)



	the consideration, if any, received in respect of each share of Common Stock in the Change of Control;



	(v)



	the purchase date for such shares (which shall be no later than three Trading Days after the Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations has occurred); and



	(vi)



	the instructions a Holder must follow to exercise a Change of Control Put in connection with such Change of Control.





	(d)



	Change of Control Put Procedure


	. To exercise a Change of Control Put, a Holder must, no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Change of Control Put Deadline, surrender to the Conversion Agent the certificates, if any, representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be repurchased by the Corporation (or if such certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and indemnity in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Corporation and the Conversion Agent) or otherwise instruct the Conversion Agent to surrender such Holder’s


	uncertificated book-entry shares


	.





	(e)



	Delivery upon Change of Control Put


	. Upon a Change of Control Put, after the Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations and subject to


	Section 4(g)


	below, the Corporation (or its successor) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder by wire transfer the Change of Control Cash Price in consideration for the amount of such Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock redeemed.



	13


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(f)




	Redemption by the Corporation.


	 


	In the case of a Change of Control, any shares of Series A Preferred Stock as to which a Change of Control Put or


	Change of Control Call was not exercised and that are otherwise outstanding following such Change of Control may be redeemed, at the option of the Corporation, upon not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice, which notice must be recei


	ved by the affected Holders within thirty (30) days of the Change of Control Put Deadline, at a redemption price per share equal to the Change of Control Cash Price


	.



	(g)



	If the Corporation (A) shall not have sufficient funds legally available under applicable law to purchase all shares of Series A Preferred Stock that Holders have requested to be purchased under 


	Section 4(a)


	 (the “


	Required Number of Shares


	”) after the Satisfaction of the Indebtedness Obligations or (B) will be in violation of Specified Contract Terms if it purchases the Required Number of Shares, the Corporation shall (I) purchase, pro rata among the Holders that have requested their shares be purchased pursuant to 


	Section 4(a)


	, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock with an aggregate Change of Control Cash Price equal to the lesser of (1) the amount legally available for the purchase of shares of Series A Preferred Stock under applicable law and (2) the largest amount that can be used for such purchase not prohibited by Specified Contract Terms and (II) purchase any shares of Series A Preferred Stock not purchased because of the foregoing limitations at the applicable Change of Control Cash Price as soon as practicable after the Corporation is able to make such purchase out of assets legally available for the purchase of such share of Series A Preferred Stock and without violation of Specified Contract Terms. The inability of the Corporation to make a purchase payment for any reason shall not relieve the Corporation from its obligation to effect any required purchase when, as and if permitted by applicable law and Specified Contract Terms.



	(h)



	Upon full payment for any shares of Series A Preferred Stock subject to a Change of Control Put or Change of Control Call, such shares will cease to be entitled to any dividends that may thereafter be payable on the Series A Preferred Stock; such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose; and all rights (except the right to receive the Change of Control Cash Price) of the Holder of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares.





	5.



	Voting; Directors.


	  



	(a)



	Voting


	. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not have voting rights other than those set forth below or as otherwise required by Delaware law or the Certificate of Incorporation:





	(i)



	From and after the Requisite Approvals Notice Date, Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock and the holders of any other class or series of Capital Stock of the


	Corporation


	then entitled to vote with the Common Stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Common Stock. Each Holder shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the largest number of whole shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Series A Preferred Stock held of record by such Holder could then be converted pursuant to 


	Section 7


	 (ignoring for purposes of such determination the limitation on



	14


	 


	 


	 




	 



	conversion prior to


	the one year anniversary of the Initial Issue Date)


	at the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote or consent on such matters. The Holders shall be entitled to notice of any meeting of holders of Common Stock in accordance with


	the bylaws of the Corporation.





	(ii)



	So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the Holders of at least a majority in voting power of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting:





	(A)



	authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, or issue any class or series of Senior Stock or Parity Stock or reclassify any of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation into shares of Senior Stock or Parity Stock, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any shares of Senior Stock or Parity Stock; or





	(B)



	amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designations, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise (an “


	Event


	”) so as to adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or power of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock.



	provided, however

	, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in (B) above, so long as the Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Corporation is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent with the same rights and preferences in all material respects as the Series A Preferred Stock (other than with respect to board election rights set forth in


	Section 5(b)


	), the occurrence of any such Event shall not be deemed to adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or power of the Series A Preferred Stock;

	provided, further

	, that any increase in the amount of the authorized Junior Stock, or the creation or issuance of any additional shares of Junior Stock, shall not be deemed to adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or powers.





	(iii)



	Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series A Preferred Stock or any other series of voting Preferred Stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock or such other series of voting Preferred Stock, as applicable.



	(b)



	Directors


	.





	(i)



	From and after the Requisite Approvals Notice Date,


	(i) at any time that Carlyle or its Affiliates hold both (A) any shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (B) shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock representing, on an as-converted basis, at least 10% of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (assuming, only for the purposes of determining such threshold amount of shares,



	15


	 


	 


	 




	 



	all shares of Se


	ries A Preferred Stock were converted at the Conversion Rate in effect on such date),


	the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting separately as a class, to


	appoint and elect tw


	o directors to the Board (any director elected by the Holders pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, herein referred to as a “


	Series A Director


	”) and (ii) at any time that Carlyle or its Affiliates holds both (A) any shares of Series A Preferred Sto


	ck and (B) shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock representing, on an as-converted basis, more than 5% but less than 10% of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (assuming, only for the purposes of determining such


	threshold amount of shares, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted at the Conversion Rate in effect on such date),


	the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting se


	parately as a class, to


	appoint and elect one Series A Director, in each case subject to any Series A Director satisfying all requirements regarding service as a director of the Corporation under applicable law or stock exchange rule regarding service as a


	director of the Corporation and such other reasonable criteria and qualifications required to be satisfied for service as a director applicable to all directors of the Corporation.



	(ii)



	Each Series A Director so elected shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualified or his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal; any vacancy or newly created directorship in the position of a Series A Director may be filled only by the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and each Series A Director may, during his or her term of office, be removed at any time, with or without cause, by and only by the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at such time as


	the Holders


	of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock cease to be entitled to appoint and elect any Series A Director pursuant to


	Section 5(b)


	(as a result of Carlyle or its Affiliates either ceasing to hold (i) any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or (ii)


	at least 10% or 5%, as applicable, of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, assuming, only for the purposes of determining such threshold amount of shares, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted at the Conversion Rate in effect on such date


	), (x) the right of the Holders of Series A Preferred Stock to appoint and elect one or two directors to the Board, as applicable, shall permanently terminate and (y) from and after such time, one or both of the Series A Directors, as applicable, shall cease to be qualified to serve as a director and such directorship shall terminate, and the size of the Board shall automatically be reduced


	.



	(iii)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Designations, solely for purposes of voting with respect to Series A Directors pursuant to this


	Section 5(b)


	, the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Carlyle and its Affiliates at any time shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to 50.1% of all votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the


	then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock


	.



	16


	 


	 


	 




	 









	6.






	Liquidation Preference.



	(a)



	In the event of any liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, each Holder shall be entitled to receive in respect of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock and to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to its stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to the Corporation’s creditors and holders of shares of Senior Stock and before any payment or distribution is made to holders of Junior Stock (including the Common Stock), an amount equal to the greater of (x) the Accreted Value per share of Series A Preferred Stock


	plus


	an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends on such share of Series A Preferred Stock for the then-current Dividend Period to, and including, the date fixed for liquidation, winding up or dissolution assuming the Corporation elected to pay such dividends in cash pursuant to


	Section 3(a)


	but only to the extent such dividends otherwise would have been payable under


	Section 3(d)




	and (y)


	the amount that such Holder would have been entitled to receive if all of such Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock (at the Conversion Rate then in effect) immediately prior to such liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Stock is then convertible pursuant to the terms hereof)


	.





	(b)



	Neither the sale, conveyance, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all the assets or business of the Corporation (other than in connection with the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation), nor the merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other Person, nor any share exchange or division involving the Corporation pursuant to applicable statutes providing for the consolidation, merger, share exchange or division, shall be deemed to be a liquidation, winding up or dissolution, whether voluntary or involuntary, for the purposes of this


	Section 6


	, notwithstanding that, for other purposes, such as for tax purposes, such an event may constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up.





	(c)



	After the payment to the Holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of full preferential amounts provided for in this


	Section 6


	, the Holders of Series A Preferred Stock as such shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Corporation.





	(d)



	In the event the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to the Holders and holders of shares of Parity Stock upon any liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, shall be insufficient to pay in full all amounts to which such holders are entitled pursuant to this


	Section 6


	, such Holders and such holders of shares of Parity Stock shall share, equally and ratably in proportion to the respective full amounts to which such holders are entitled pursuant to this


	Section 6


	, in any distribution of the assets of the Corporation.





	7.



	Conversion; Redemption.





	(a)



	Holder Conversion


	.





	(i)



	Each Holder shall have the right, at any time following [●], 2018


	[insert the first anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	to convert each share of such Holder’s Series A Preferred Stock into (i) that number of whole shares of Common Stock equal to



	17


	 


	 


	 




	 



	the quotient of (A) the Accreted Value divided by (B) the Conversion Pric


	e as of the applicable Conversion Date plus (ii) cash in lieu of fractional shares as set out in


	Section 9


	. The foregoing right of conversion may be exercised as to all or any portion of such Holder’s Series A Preferred Stock from time to time;


	provided


	th


	at, in each case, no right of conversion may be exercised by a Holder in respect of fewer than 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (unless such conversion relates to all shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such Holder).



	(ii)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in


	Section 7(a)(i)


	, a Holder shall have the right to convert, prior to [●]


	, 2018 [insert the first anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, (i) all or any portion  of such Holder’s Series A Preferred Stock following the delivery by the Corporation of the notice contemplated by


	Section 4(b)


	and prior to the consummation of the applicable Change of Control and (ii) in connection with an Underwritten Offering that the Holder then has a right to participate in under the Registration Rights Agreement, such number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock that will, upon conversion, result in the issuance to the Holder of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock the Holder is permitted to include for sale in such Underwritten Offering.



	(iii)



	In order to convert shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this


	Section 7(a)


	, the Holder must (i) deliver a notice of conversion to the Corporation in the form attached hereto as


	Exhibit B


	and (ii) surrender the certificates, if any, representing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or, if such certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and indemnity in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Corporation), accompanied by transfer instruments reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (including instructions to the Transfer Agent in the case of


	uncertificated book-entry shares)


	, at the principal office of the Corporation (or such other place mutually acceptable to the Holder and the Corporation), together with written notice that such Holder elects to convert all or such lesser number of shares represented by such certificates as specified therein. With respect to a conversion pursuant to this


	Section 7(a)


	, the date of receipt of such certificates, if any, together with such notice, by the Corporation or (in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence) its authorized agent will be the “


	Conversion Date


	”.



	(iv)



	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be convertible into Common Stock under


	Sections 7(a)


	or


	7(b)


	until the Requisite Approvals Notice Date


	.







	(b)



	Mandatory Conversion


	.







	(i)



	At any time on or after [●], 2021


	[insert the fourth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Corporation shall have the right, at its option, to elect to cause all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be automatically converted into (i) that number of shares of Common Stock for each share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the quotient of (A) the the Accreted Value divided by (B) the



	18


	 


	 


	 




	 



	Conversion Price as of the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date


	plus


	(ii) cash in lieu of fractional shares as set out in


	Section 9


	, subject to the satisfaction of the following con




	ditions with respect to each such mandatory conversion: (I) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 140% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least


	20


	consecutive Trading Days ending on the date immediately prior to the date t


	he notice described in


	Section 7(b)(ii)


	is delivered by the Corporation; (II) the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will convert shall not exceed 25 times the average daily trading volume of the Common Stoc


	k on the New York Stock Exchange (or other principal stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded) during the 20 consecutive Trading Day period set forth in clause (I); (III) with respect to any Holder, if the shares of Common Stock issuable upo


	n conversion of the Holder’s Series A Preferred Stock are Registrable Securities and the Holder thereof previously requested that all or any portion of such Registrable Securities be registered for resale by the Holder, such Registrable Securities have bee


	n so registered for resale pursuant to a resale registration statement and the Corporation is not then in breach of any its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to such registration


	or requirements to maintain the effectiveness


	of such registration statement registering the resale of such Registrable Securities; and (IV)


	the Corporation shall only be entitled to deliver one notice to the Holders pursuant to this


	Section 7(b)(ii)


	in any one hundred and eighty day period.





	(ii)



	To exercise the mandatory conversion right described in


	Section 7(b)(i)


	, the Corporation must deliver to the Holders a notice setting forth: (i) the date on which the mandatory conversion will occur (the “


	Mandatory Conversion Date


	”),


	which shall be no earlier than the date that is three (3) Trading days after the notice described in this


	Section 7(a)(iii)


	is delivered


	; (ii) calculations supporting the satisfaction of the condition in clause (II) in the preceding section 7(b)(i) and (iii)  


	with respect to each Holder, the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted.  Effective as of such Mandatory Conversion Date, all such Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Common Stock as set forth in


	Section 7(a)(i)


	.



	(iii)



	If the


	Corporation


	elects to cause less than all the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, the Corporation shall select the Series A Preferred Stock to be converted from each Holder on a pro rata basis


	.



	(iv)



	Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not be entitled to convert the last share of Series A Preferred Stock held by Carlyle into Common Stock pursuant to this


	Section 7(b)


	at any time that such share on an as-converted basis, together with any shares of Common Stock held or to be held by Carlyle immediately following such conversion, would represent more than 5% of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of such date.



	(c)



	Redemption


	.  





	(i)



	At any time on or after [●], 2022


	[insert the fifth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Corporation shall have the right, at its option, to elect to cause all or any



	19


	 


	 


	 




	 



	portion of the outstanding shares of Series


	A Preferred Stock


	to be redeemed for cash at a redemption price per share equal to (i) if the Redemption Date is on or prior to [●], 2023


	[insert the sixth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Accreted Value




	multiplied by 112%, (ii) if the Redempt


	ion Date is after [●], 2023 and on or prior to [●], 2024


	[insert the seventh anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Accreted Value multiplied by 109% and (iii) if the Redemption Date is after [●], 2024, the Accreted Value multiplied by 106%.



	(ii)



	To exercise the redemption right described in


	Section 7(c)


	, the Corporation must deliver to the Holders a notice setting forth: (i) the date on which the redemption will occur (the “


	Redemption Date


	”),


	which shall be no earlier than ten (10) business days after the date such notice is given


	; and (ii) 


	with respect to each Holder, the number of shares of Preferred Stock subject to redemption and the price to be paid to such Holder in respect thereof.



	(d)



	Conversion and Redemption Procedures


	.



	(i)



	In connection with any mandatory conversion pursuant to


	Section 7(b)


	or redemption in accordance with


	Section 7(c)


	, the Holder must surrender the certificates, if any, representing such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or, if such certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and indemnity in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Corporation), and deliver transfer instruments reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (including instructions to the Transfer Agent in the case of


	uncertificated book-entry shares)


	, at the principal office of the Corporation (or such other place mutually acceptable to the Holder and the Corporation).



	(ii)



	On the Conversion Date, Redemption Date or the Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable, with respect to any share of Series A Preferred Stock, certificates or uncertificated book-entry shares representing the number of shares of Common Stock into which the applicable shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted shall be promptly issued and delivered to the Holder thereof or such Holder’s designee (or cash shall be paid to an account designated by such Person) upon presentation and surrender of the certificate, if any, evidencing the Series A Preferred Stock (or, if such certificate or certificates have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and indemnity in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Corporation) or the instructions to the Transfer Agent in the case of uncertificated book-entry shares, to the Corporation and, if required, the furnishing of appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the payment of all transfer and similar taxes, if any, allocable to the Holder


	.  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) a Holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to affect a conversion pursuant to


	Section 7(a)


	up to and including the date of a redemption and (ii) the satisfaction of the obligations set forth in


	Section 7(d)(i)


	shall be conditions to the issuance of share of Common Stock or the payment of the cash redemption price, as applicable, but shall not impact the conversion or redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable.  



	20


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(iii)




	From and after the Conversion Date, the Redemption Date or the Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable, the shares of Ser


	ies A Preferred Stock to be converted on such Conversion Date or the Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable, or redeemed on such Redemption Date will cease to be entitled to any dividends that may thereafter accrue on the Series A Preferred Stock; such s


	hares of Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose; and all rights (except (i) in the case of conversion, the right to receive from the Corporation the Common Stock and cash payable in lieu of fractional shares in


	respect of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or (ii) in the case of redemption, the right to receive from the Corporation the cash payable in respect of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock ) of the Holder of such shares of Series A Preferred Sto


	ck to be converted or redeemed shall cease and terminate with respect to such shares.



	(iv)



	The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Common Stock and/or other securities issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock and/or securities as of the Close of Business on the Conversion Date or the Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable, with respect thereto. In the event that a Holder shall not by written notice designate the name in which shares of Common Stock and/or securities to be issued or upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock should be registered, the Corporation shall be entitled to register and deliver such shares in the name of the Holder


	.



	8.



	Conversion Price Adjustments; Reorganization Event


	.





	(a)



	The Conversion Price shall be adjusted, without duplication, upon the occurrence of any of the following events:





	(i)



	If the Corporation issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all shares of Common Stock, or if the Corporation effects a share subdivision or share combination, then the Conversion Price in effect immediately following the Record Date for such dividend, distribution, share subdivision or share combination shall be divided by the following fraction:



	OS

	1

	/ OS

	0



	where,






	 





	OS



	0






	=the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the Open of Business on the effective date of such share subdivision or share combination, as the case may be; and










	 





	OS



	1






	=the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after, and solely as a result of, giving effect to such dividend or distribution, or such share subdivision or share combination, as the case may be.






	21


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Any adjustment made under this


	Section 


	8(a)(i)


	 shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the Open of Business on the effective date for such share subdivision or share combination, as the case may be. If an


	y dividend, distribution, share subdivision or share combination of the type described in this


	Section 


	8(a)(i)


	 is declared but not so paid or made,


	the Conversion Price shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the earlier of


	(A)


	 the date the Board determines not to pay or make such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination and


	(B)


	 the date the dividend or d


	istribution was to be paid or the date the subdivision or combination was to have been effective, to the Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination had not been declared.



	The Corporation shall not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in treasury.






	(ii)



	If the Corporation distributes to all holders of its Common Stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them to purchase or subscribe for shares of Common Stock at


	a price per share that is less than the average of the Closing Sale Prices of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date of such distribution, the Conversion Price in effect immediately following the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution shall be divided by the following fraction:







	OS

	0

	+ X






	OS

	0

	+ Y






	where,






	 





	OS



	0






	=the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for such distribution;










	 





	X





	=the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and










	 





	Y







	=the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (A) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants and (B)


	  the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date of such distribution.








	Any decrease to the Conversion Rate made under this

	Section 


	8(a)(ii)

	shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such distribution. To the extent that shares of Common Stock are not issued prior to the expiration or termination of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Price shall be increased, effective as of the date of such expiration, to the Conversion Price that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery


	22


	 


	 


	 




	 



	of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Price shall be increased, effective as of the earlier of (A) the date the Board determines not


	to make such distribution and (B) the date such rights, options or warrants were to have been issued, to be the Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such Record Date for such distribution had not occurred. If such rights, options or warrants ar


	e only exercisable upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, then the Conversion Price shall not be adjusted until the triggering events occur.



	For purposes of this

	Section 


	8(a)(ii)

	, in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise any such rights, options or warrants there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Corporation for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Board.




	(iii)



	If the Corporation distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness or other assets, securities or property of the Corporation or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all holders of Common Stock, excluding (A) dividends, distributions, rights, options, warrants or other issuances as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to


	Section 8(a)(i)


	or


	Section 8(a)(ii)


	, (B) rights issued to all holders of Common Stock pursuant to a rights plan, where such rights are not presently exercisable, trade with Common Stock and the plan provides that Holders will receive such rights along with any Common Stock received upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, (C) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the Holders participated in accordance with


	Section 3(g)


	, (D) any dividends and distributions in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification, change, consolidation, merger or other combination, share exchange, or sale, lease or other transfer or disposition resulting in the change in the conversion consideration as described in


	Section 8(e)


	and (E) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in the last two paragraphs of this


	Section 8(a)(iii)


	shall apply, then the Conversion Price in effect immediately following the close of business on the Record Date for such distribution shall be divided by the following fraction:







	SP

	0







	SP

	0

	– FMV






	where,






	 





	SP



	0






	=Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date for such distribution; and










	 





	FMV





	=the fair market value as of the Record Date for such distribution (as determined in good faith by the Board) of the shares of the Corporation’s Capital Stock (other than Common Stock), evidences of indebtedness, assets, securities, property, rights, options or warrants distributed with respect to each outstanding share of Common Stock.






	23


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Any decrease to t


	he Conversion Price made under the portion of this


	Section 


	8(a)(iii)


	 above shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Rec


	ord Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Price shall be increased, effective as of the earlier of


	(A)


	 the date the Board determines not to pay the distribution and


	(B)


	 the


	date such dividend or distribution was to have been paid, to be the Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared.



	Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “FMV” (as defined above) is equal to or greater than “SP

	0

	” (as defined above), or if the difference is less than $1.00, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder shall receive, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by it, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock, the amount and kind of the Corporation’s Capital Stock (other than Common Stock), evidences of indebtedness, or other assets, securities or property of the Corporation, or rights, options or warrants to acquire the Corporation’s Capital Stock or other securities that such Holder would have received if such Holder converted all of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for the distribution.


	With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this

	Section 


	8(a)(iii)

	 where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock consisting solely of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interests, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Corporation where such Capital Stock or similar equity interest is, or will be when issued, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a “

	Spin-Off

	”), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted immediately after the Close of Business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Ex-Date for the Spin-off by dividing the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on such 10th Trading Day by the following fraction:






	FMV + MP

	0







	MP

	0







	where,






	 





	FMV





	=the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period immediately following, and including, the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off; and










	 





	MP



	0








	=


	the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period immediately following, and including, the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off.








	The adjustment to the Conversion Price under the preceding paragraph shall become effective at the Close of Business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off;

	provided

	that, for purposes of determining the Conversion Price in respect of any conversion during the 10 Trading Days following, and including, the Ex-Date of any Spin-Off, references to “10 consecutive Trading Days” within the


	24


	 


	 


	 




	 



	portion of this


	Section 


	8(a)(iii)


	related to Spin-Offs shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of consecut


	ive Trading Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Date of such Spin-Off and the relevant Conversion Date.







	(iv)



	If the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for Common Stock to the extent that the cash and v


	alue of any other consideration included in the payment per share of Common Stock exceeds the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (the “


	Expiration Date


	”), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date by dividing the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on such last Trading Day of the 10 consecutive Trading Day period by the following fraction:







	AC +  (SP

	1

	x OS

	1

	)






	SP

	1

	x OS

	0







	where,






	 





	AC





	=the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined in good faith by the Board) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;










	 





	OS



	0






	=the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Expiration Date (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);










	 





	OS



	1






	=the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Date (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and










	 





	SP



	1








	=the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the C


	ommon Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.






	Any decrease to the Conversion Price made under this

	Section 


	8(a)(iv)

	shall become effective at the Close of Business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date;

	provided

	that, for purposes of determining the Conversion Price in respect of any conversion during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date, references to “10 consecutive Trading Days” within this

	Section 


	8(a)(iv)

	shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of consecutive Trading Days as have elapsed between the Expiration Date for such tender or exchange offer and the relevant Conversion Date.


	25


	 


	 


	 




	 





	In the event that the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but the Corporation or such Subsidiary is permanen


	tly prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then the Conversion Price shall be readjusted to be such Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not be


	en made.





	(v)



	All calculations and other determinations under this


	Section 8(a)


	shall be made by the Corporation and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no adjustment under this


	Section 8(a)


	shall be made to the Conversion Price unless such adjustment would result in a change of at least 1% in the Conversion Price then in effect. Any lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time of and together with the next subsequent adjustment, if any, which, together with any adjustment or adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to a change of at least 1% in such Conversion Price;


	provided


	,


	however


	, that the Corporation shall make all such carried-forward adjustments, regardless of whether the aggregate adjustment is less than 1%, (A) on December 31 of each calendar year, (B) on the Conversion Date for any conversions of Series A Preferred Stock, (C) upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and (D) in the event that the Corporation exercises its mandatory conversion right pursuant to


	Section 7(b)


	. No adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made if it results in a Conversion Price that is less than the par value (if any) of the Common Stock. The Corporation shall not take any action that would result in the Conversion Price being less than the par value (if any) of the Common Stock pursuant to this Certificate of Designations and without giving effect to the previous sentence.





	(vi)



	In addition to those adjustments required by


	clauses (i)


	,


	(ii)


	,


	(iii)


	and


	(iv)


	of this


	Section 8(a)


	, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the Corporation, from time to time, may decrease the Conversion Price by any amount for a period of at least twenty (20) Business Days or any longer period permitted or required by law, so long as the decrease is irrevocable during that period and the Board determines that such decrease would be in the Corporation’s best interest. Whenever the Conversion Price is decreased pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Corporation shall send to each Holder at its last address appearing on the stock register of the Corporation a notice of the decrease at least 15 calendar days prior to the date the decreased Conversion Price takes effect, and such notice shall state the decreased Conversion Price and the period during which it will be in effect.







	(vii)



	Notwithstanding the foregoing in this


	Section 8(a)


	and for the avoidance of doubt, the Conversion Price shall not be adjusted for: (A) the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan broadly available to holders of its Common Stock providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on securities of the Corporation and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan; (B) the issuance of Common Stock, options, restricted stock,



	26


	 


	 


	 




	 



	restricted stock units, performance units or rights to purchase those shares or similar equity instruments as compensation pursuant to any present or future emp


	loyee, director or consultant benefit plan, employee agreement or arrangement or program of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case approved by the Corporation’s stockholders;


	(C)


	 the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to any


	option, warrant, right or excisable, exchangeable or convertible security outstanding as of the Initial Issue Date;


	(D)


	 a change in the par value of Common Stock;


	(E)


	 a sale of Common Stock, or securities convertible or exerc


	isable for Common Stock, for cash, other than in a transaction described in


	Section 


	8(a)(i)


	through


	Section 


	8(a)(iv)


	;


	(F)


	 ordinary course of business stock repurchases that are not tender offers referred to in


	Section 


	8(a)(iv)


	, including structured or derivative transactions or pursuant to a stock repurchase program approved by the Board;


	(G)


	 a third-party tender or exchange offer, other than a tende


	r or exchange offer by one of the Corporation’s Subsidiaries as described in


	Section 


	8(a)(iv)


	;


	(H)


	 accrued and unpaid dividends or d


	istributions, except as provided in


	Section 4


	,


	Section 7


	, and


	Section 8


	and (I) any dividends, distributions or other transactions in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock participate pursuant to


	Section 3(f)


	.





	(b)



	Notwithstanding


	Section 8(a)(ii)


	and


	Section 8(a)(iii)


	, if the Corporation has a rights plan (including the distribution of rights pursuant thereto to all holders of Common Stock) in effect while any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, Holders will receive, upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in addition to shares of Common Stock to which each such Holder is entitled, a corresponding number of rights in accordance with such rights plan. If, prior to any conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, such rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable rights plan, the Conversion Price will be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Corporation had distributed to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, securities, property, rights, options or warrants as described in


	Section 8(a)(iii)


	above, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. Any distribution of rights, options or warrants pursuant to a rights plan that would allow a Holder to receive, upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in addition to any shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled, the rights described therein (unless such rights, options or warrants have separated from the Common Stock (in which case the Conversion Price will be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Corporation made a distribution to all holders of Common Stock as described in


	Section 8(a)(iii)


	, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights)) shall not constitute a distribution of rights, options or warrants that would entitle such Holder to an adjustment to the Conversion Rate.





	(c)



	The Corporation may also (but is not required to) decrease each Conversion Price to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) or similar event. However, in either case, the Corporation may only make such a discretionary adjustment if it makes the same proportionate adjustment to each Conversion Price.



	27


	 


	 


	 




	 







	(d)




	Upon any decrease in the Conversion Price, the Corporation promptly shall deliver to each Holder a certifi


	cate signed by an Officer of the Corporation, setting forth in reasonable detail the event requiring the adjustment and the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and specifying the increased Conversion Price then in effect following such adjustme


	nt.





	(e)



	In the case of:





	(i)



	any recapitalization, reclassification or change in Common Stock (other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination),





	(ii)



	any consolidation, merger or other combination involving the Corporation,





	(iii)



	any sale, lease or other transfer or disposition to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Corporation and the Corporation’s Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety, or





	(iv)



	any statutory share exchange of the Corporation’s securities with another person (other than in connection with a merger or acquisition),



	in each case, as a result of which Common Stock (but not the Series A Preferred Stock) would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such transaction or event, a “

	Reorganization Event

	”), then, at and after the effective time of such Reorganization Event, the right to convert each share of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock shall be changed into a right to convert such share of Series A Preferred Stock into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that the Holder would have received if it had converted all of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Reorganization Event would have been entitled to receive upon such Reorganization Event (such stock, securities or other property or assets, the “

	Reference Property

	”). In the event that, in connection with any such Reorganization Event, the holders of Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of all or any portion of the consideration to be received by such holders in such Reorganization Event, the Reference Property into which shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of Common Stock that affirmatively make such election (or of all holders of Common Stock if no holders of Common Stock make such election). Notwithstanding

	Section 


	8(a)

	, no adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made for any Reorganization Event to the extent stock, securities or other property or assets become the Reference Property receivable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock.


	The provisions of this

	Section 


	8(e)

	 shall apply to successive Reorganization Events.




	None of the foregoing provisions of this

	Section 


	8(e)

	shall affect the right of a Holder to convert its Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock as set forth in

	Section 7(a)



	28


	 


	 


	 




	 



	prior to the effective time


	of such Reorganization Event. The Corporation shall not become party to a Reorganization Event unless its terms are consistent with this


	Section 8(e)


	.



	In this Certificate of Designations, if Common Stock has been replaced by Reference Property as a result of any such Reorganization Event, references to “

	Common Stock

	” are intended to refer to such Reference Property.




	(f)



	A converting Holder is not required to pay any transfer or similar taxes due upon conversion of such Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock, except that such Holder shall pay such transfer or similar taxes payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock, if any, due upon conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock in a name other than that of the converting Holder. The Corporation may require that such converting Holder establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Corporation, that such converting Holder has paid in full all applicable transfer or similar taxes, if any, payable by such converting Holder prior to issuing and delivered the shares of Common Stock due upon conversion of such converting Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock.





	9.



	No Fractional Shares


	.  No fractional shares of Common Stock will be delivered to the Holders upon conversion. In lieu of fractional shares otherwise issuable, the Holders will be entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to the fraction of a share of Common Stock multiplied by the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date or Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable.  In order to determine whether the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered to a Holder upon the conversion of such Holder’s shares of Series A Preferred Stock will include a fractional share, such determination shall be based on the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock of such Holder that are being converted on any single Conversion Date or Mandatory Conversion Date, as applicable.







	10.



	Transf


	er Restrictions; Certificates.



	(a)



	Transfer Restrictions.


	  



	(i)



	Except as otherwise permitted in this Certificate of Designations, including


	Section 10(a)(ii)


	, until [●], 2018


	[insert the 12-month anniversary of the Initial Issue Date]


	, the Holders will not (i) Transfer any Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a short sale of or the purpose of which is to offset the loss which results from a decline in the market price of, any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock, or otherwise establish or increase, directly or indirectly, a put equivalent position, as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, with respect to any of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Common Stock or any other Capital Stock of the Corporation (any such action, a “


	Hedge


	”).



	(ii)



	Notwithstanding


	Section 10(a)(i)


	, the Holders shall be permitted to Transfer any portion or all of their Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock at any time under the following circumstances:



	29


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(A)




	Transfers to any Affiliate of such Holder (the recipient of the shares so Transferred, a “


	Permitted Transferee


	”), but only if the transferee agrees in writing prior to such Transfer for t


	he express benefit of the Corporation (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation and with a copy thereof to be furnished to the Corporation) to be bound by the terms of this Certificate of Designations and if the transferee and the t


	ransferor agree for the express benefit of the Corporation that the transferee shall Transfer the Series A Preferred Stock (or any Equity Securities issued in respect thereof) so Transferred back to the transferor at or before such time as the transferee c


	eases to be a Permitted Transferee of the transferor); and



	(B)



	Transfers pursuant to a Change of Control which has been approved by the Board, has not been initiated by such Holder (or its Affiliates) and pursuant to which the Series A Preferred Stock is converted into cash or equity securities; and



	(iii)



	Notwithstanding


	Sections 10(a)(i)


	and


	10(a)(ii)


	, the Holders will not at any time, directly or knowingly indirectly (without the prior written consent of the Board which, in the case of any 10% Entity, shall not be unreasonably withheld) Transfer any Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock to a Corporation Competitor or a 10% Entity.



	(iv)



	Notwithstanding


	Sections 10(a)(i)


	,


	10(a)(ii)


	or


	10(a)(iii)


	, (i) nothing therein shall prohibit any Holder from Transferring all or any portion of its Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof (A) to NGP or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) as approved in writing by the Board, (ii) nothing in


	Sections 10(a)(ii)


	or


	10(a)(iii)


	shall restrict any Transfer of Common Stock into the public market pursuant to an Underwritten Offering or otherwise in an open market transaction  and (iii) nothing in


	Sections 10(a)(i) or




	10(a)(iii)


	shall restrict any Transfer of Common Stock in connection with, and to the extent of, the exercise of such Holder’s rights to participate in any Underwritten Offering that it is then eligible to participate in pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or to exercise their rights to demand registration not involving a sale pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.



	(v)



	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this


	Section 10(a)


	, no Holder shall Transfer all or any portion of its Series A Preferred stock (i) to any Person


	that is not a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or (ii) prior to the HSR Expiration Date


	.



	(vi)



	In the event that a Holder Transfers shares of Series A Preferred Stock, other than in connection with a Transfer permitted by and in accordance with this Certificate of Designations, such Transfer shall be null and void and of no force or effect, and the Corporation shall not recognize or be bound by any such purported Transfer.



	(b)



	Uncertificated Shares


	.



	30


	 


	 


	 




	 





	(i)




	Form


	. The shares of Series A


	Preferred Stock shall be in uncertificated, book entry form as permitted by the bylaws of the Corporation and the DGCL. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall, or shall cause the Transfer Ag


	ent to, send to the registered owner thereof an Ownership Notice.



	(ii)



	Transfer


	. Transfers of Series A Preferred Stock held in uncertificated, book-entry form shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Transfer Agent upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of such uncertificated shares, or from a duly authorized attorney or from an individual presenting proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer the stock. The Corporation may refuse any requested Transfer until furnished evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that such Transfer is made in accordance with the terms of this Certificate of Designation.





	11.



	Other Provisions.





	(a)



	At any time that any Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Corporation shall from time to time take all lawful action within its control to cause the authorized capital stock of the Corporation to include (i) through the fifth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date, a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion requirements of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding (assuming increases in the Accreted Value of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Certificate of Designations through the fifth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value) and (ii) following the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion requirements of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding (assuming increases in the Accreted Value of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Certificate of Designations through the next anniversary of the Initial Issue Date and no other increase to the Accreted Value).



	(b)



	With respect to any notice to a Holder required to be provided hereunder, neither failure to send such notice, nor any defect therein or in the sending thereof, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of the notice or the validity of the proceedings referred to in such notice with respect to the other Holders or affect the legality or validity of any distribution, rights, warrant, reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or the vote upon any such action


	.


	Any notice which was mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Holder receives the notice.









	(c)



	All notice periods referred to herein shall commence: (i) when made, if made by hand delivery, and upon confirmation of receipt, if made by facsimile; (ii) one Business Day after being deposited with a nationally recognized next-day courier, postage prepaid; or (iii) three Business Days after


	being by first-class mail, postage prepaid. Notice to any Holder shall be given to the registered address set forth in the Corporation’s records for such Holder. Any payment required to be made hereunder on any day that is not a Business Day shall be made on



	31


	 


	 


	 




	 



	the next succeeding Business Day and no interest or dividends on such payment will accrue or accumulate, as the case may be, in respect of such delay.





	(d)



	Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any preemptive rights to acquire additional Capital Stock of the Corporation, except as set forth in the Preferred Purchase Agreement.



	(e)



	As promptly as practicable following


	the occurrence of both the 14C Expiration Date and the HSR Expiration Date, the Corporation shall give written notice thereof to the Holders (the date of delivery of such notice, the “


	Requisite Approvals Notice Date


	”)


	.



	[The Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank]


	32


	 


	 


	 




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF


	, the undersigned has caused this Certificate of Designations to be


	duly executed this [●] day of [


	●


	], 20[●].



	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION


	 


	 


	By:






	Name:






	 








	Title:






	 


	 


	[

	Signature Page to Certificate of Designations of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation

	]


	 




	 





	Exhibit A






	Ownership notice



	THE SECURITIES IDENTIFIED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT WHILE A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING THERETO IS IN EFFECT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS.


	THE FOREGOING LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED AND A NEW OWNERSHIP NOTICE PROVIDED WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES IDENTIFIED HEREIN UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE HOLDING PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO RESTRICTED SECURITIES SET FORTH IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.


	SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION (THE “

	CORPORATION

	”), INCLUDING ANY CERTIFICATES OF DESIGNATIONS (AS FURTHER AMENDED AND/OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE “

	CHARTER

	”), THE CORPORATION IS AUTHORIZED TO ISSUE MORE THAN ONE CLASS OF STOCK OR MORE THAN ONE SERIES OF ANY CLASS AND THE CORPORATION WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH STOCKHOLDER WHO SO REQUESTS THE POWERS, DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL OR OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS OF STOCK OR SERIES THEREOF AND THE QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF SUCH PREFERENCES AND/OR RIGHTS. THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTICE ARE SUBJECT TO THE OBLIGATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS STATED IN, AND ARE TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE PROVISIONS OF THE CHARTER AND THAT CERTAIN PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MAY 10, 2017 (THE “

	PPA

	”), COPIES OF WHICH ARE ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION AND WILL BE PROVIDED, WITHOUT COST, UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY. THE TERMS OF THE CHARTER AND THE PPA ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED INTO THIS NOTICE BY REFERENCE.


	IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.


	This letter confirms and acknowledges that you are the registered owner of the number and the class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation listed on

	Schedule A

	to this letter.


	Exhibit A-1


	 




	 





	In addition, please


	be advised that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder of the Corporation who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock, or series thereof


	, of the Corporation and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights, which are fixed by the Charter. Any such request should be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation.



	The shares of capital stock of the Corporation have been not been registered under the Securities Act and, accordingly, may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Act.


	Dated: ____________________


	[●], as Transfer Agent,


	 


	 


	By:






	Authorized Signatory


	Exhibit A-2


	 




	 





	Exhibit B






	FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION



	NOTICE OF CONVERSION


	(To be executed by the Holder in order to convert the Series A Preferred Stock)


	The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert (the “

	Conversion

	”) shares of 6.00% Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (the “

	Series A Preferred Stock

	”) of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “

	Corporation

	”), into shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (“

	Common Stock

	”) according to the conditions of the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “

	Certificate of Designations

	”). The Corporation will pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or tax on the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, unless the tax is due because the undersigned requests such shares of Common Stock to be issued in a name other than the undersigned’s name, in which case the undersigned will pay the tax.


	Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Certificate of Designations.


	Number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted:


	Name(s) (with address(es)) in which the certificate(s), if any, for any shares of Common Stock are to be registered:

	1





	Signature:




	 


	Name of registered Holder:




	 


	Fax No.:




	 


	Telephone No.:




	 










	 












	1

	 

	 





	The Corporation is not required to issue shares of Common Stock until you satisfy the remainder of the conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designations.






	Exhibit B-1


	 


	 


	 




	 







	EXHIBIT B










	Form of Registration Rights Agreement





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	B-1


	 




	 


	 


	AMENDED AND RESTATED


	REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


	 


	This Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (this “

	Agreement

	”), dated as of [•], 2017, is entered into by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “

	Company

	”), and each of the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto (the “

	Initial Holders

	” and, together with the Company, the “

	Parties

	”).


	WHEREAS, in connection with the Company’s initial public offering, the Company entered into that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among the Company and the IPO Holders (as defined below) (the “

	Initial RRA

	”);


	WHEREAS, the Company and Carlyle are parties to that certain Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2017, pursuant to which the Company has issued and sold certain shares of Convertible Preferred Stock (as defined below) to Carlyle (the “

	Preferred Purchase Agreement

	”);


	WHEREAS, the Company and the KKR Holders are parties to that certain Stock Issuance Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2017, pursuant to which the Company has issued and sold certain shares of Common Stock (as defined below) to the KKR Holders (the “

	Stock Issuance Agreement

	”).


	WHEREAS, as a condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Preferred Purchase Agreement, the Company and Carlyle agreed to execute and deliver this Agreement in order for the Company to grant certain registration and other rights to Carlyle by amending the Initial RRA on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.


	WHEREAS, as a condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Stock Issuance Agreement, the Company and the KKR Holders agreed to execute and deliver this Agreement in order for the Company to grant certain registration and other rights to the KKR Holders by amending the Initial RRA on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.


	NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by each party hereto, the Parties hereby agree as follows:



	1.




	Definitions.  


	As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:



	“

	Acquisition Co. Holdings

	” means WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


	“

	Affiliate

	” means, with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such specified Person;

	provided, however,

	that (i) the Company shall not be considered an Affiliate of any Holder for


	1


	 




	 





	purposes of this Agreement and (ii) the Preferred Holders and the Sponsoring Holders shall not be considered Affiliates of each other for purposes of this Agreement.  



	“

	Automatic Shelf Registration Statement

	” means an “automatic shelf registration statement” as defined under Rule 405.


	“

	Board

	” means the board of directors of the Company.


	“

	Business Day

	” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, any federal holiday or any other day on which banking institutions in the State of Texas or the State of New York are authorized or required to be closed by law or governmental action.


	“

	Carlyle

	” means CP VI Eagle Holdings, L.P.


	“

	Certificate

	” means the Certificate of Designations establishing the terms of the Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on [●], 2017.  


	“

	Commission

	” means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency then administering the Securities Act or Exchange Act.


	“

	Common


	Stock

	” means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company.


	“

	Company Securities

	” means any equity interest of any class or series in the Company.


	“

	Control

	” (including the terms “

	Controls

	,” “

	Controlled by

	” and “

	under common Control with

	”) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to (a) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise or (b) vote 10% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of a Person.


	“

	Convertible Preferred Stock

	” means the shares of Series A Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company issued to Carlyle pursuant to the Preferred Purchase Agreement.


	“

	Effective Date

	” means the time and date that a Registration Statement is first declared effective by the Commission or otherwise becomes effective.


	“

	Esquisto Holdings

	” means Esquisto Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


	“

	Exchange Act

	” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.




	“

	Holder

	” means (a) WildHorse Holdings unless and until WildHorse Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; (b) Esquisto Holdings unless and until Esquisto Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; (c) Acquisition Co. Holdings unless and until Acquisition Co. Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities, (d) Jay Graham unless and until Jay Graham ceases to hold any Registrable Securities, (e) Anthony Bahr unless and until Anthony Bahr ceases to hold any Registrable Securities, (f) NGP unless and until NGP ceases to hold any Registrable Securities, (g) each


	2


	 




	 



	Preferred Holder unle


	ss and until such Preferred Holder ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; (h) each KKR Holder unless and until such KKR Holder ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; and (i) any holder of Registrable Securities to whom registration rights conferred


	by this Agreement have been transferred in compliance with


	Section


	8(e)


	hereof; provided that any Person referenced in clause (i) shall be a Holder


	only if such Person agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement.



	“

	Initiating Holder

	” means the Sponsoring Holder or Preferred Holder delivering the Demand Notice or the Underwritten Offering Notice, as applicable.


	“

	IPO Holders

	” means WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings, Acquisition Co. Holdings, Jay Graham, Anthony Bahr and NGP.


	“

	KKR Holders

	” means Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, TE Admiral A Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and Aurora C-I Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  


	“

	Lock-Up Period

	” (i) with respect to the Preferred Holders, means the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to all other Holders, has the meaning set forth in the underwriting agreement entered into by the Company in connection with the initial underwritten public offering of shares of Common Stock.


	“

	Material Adverse Change

	” means (a) any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on any national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market in the United States; (b) the declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States; (c) a material outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities or other international or national calamity involving the United States or the declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war or a change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions; or (d) any event, change, circumstance or effect that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, properties, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.


	“

	NGP

	” means NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.


	“

	Person

	” means an individual, corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, estate, trust, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.


	“

	Preferred Holder

	” means (a) Carlyle unless and until Carlyle ceases to hold any Convertible Preferred Stock or Registrable Securities and (b) any holder of Convertible Preferred Stock or Registrable Securities to whom registration rights of a “Preferred Holder” conferred by this Agreement have been transferred in compliance with

	Section 8(e)

	hereof; provided that any Person referenced in clause (b) shall be a Preferred Holder only if such Person agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement.


	“

	Preferred No-Blocking Period

	” is defined in

	Section 3(o)

	.  


	3




	 





	“


	Proceeding


	” means any action, claim, suit, proceeding or investigation (


	including a preliminary investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition) pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, to be threatened.



	“

	Prospectus

	” means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A, Rule 430B or Rule 430C promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.  


	“

	Registrable Securities

	” means the Shares; provided, however, that Registrable Securities shall not include: (a) any Shares that have been registered under the Securities Act and disposed of pursuant to an effective Registration Statement


	or otherwise transferred to a Person who is not entitled to the registration and other rights hereunder; (b) any Shares that have been sold or transferred by the Holder thereof pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act)


	and the transferee thereof does not receive “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144; and (c) any Shares that cease to be outstanding (whether as a result of repurchase and cancellation, conversion or otherwise);

	provided, however

	, that any Registrable Security shall cease to be a Registrable Security at such time that (a) the holder thereof (together with its Affiliates) ceases to hold at least 2.5% of the outstanding Common Stock (on an as-converted basis with respect to any Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding); (b) such Registrable Security may be sold pursuant to any section of Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor or similar provision adopted by the SEC then in effect) without any volume or manner of sale restrictions or information requirements thereunder; and (c) at least two years have elapsed since the date of this Agreement.


	“

	Registration


	Statement

	” means a registration statement of the Company in the form required to register under the Securities Act and other applicable law for the resale of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution of each Holder included therein, and including any Prospectus, amendments and supplements to each such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.


	“

	Rule


	144

	” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.


	“

	Rule


	405

	” means Rule 405 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.


	“

	Rule


	415

	” means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.


	“

	Rule


	424

	” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.


	4




	 





	“


	Securities




	Act


	” means th


	e Securities Act of 1933, as amended.



	“

	Selling


	Expenses

	” means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and fees and disbursements of counsel for any Holder.  


	“

	Shares

	” means (i) with respect to the Preferred Holders, any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred Stock, (ii) with respect to all other Holders, the shares of Common Stock held by the IPO Holders as of the date hereof and (iii) any other equity interests of the Company or equity interests in any successor of the Company issued in respect of such shares referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) by reason of or in connection with any stock dividend, stock split, combination, reorganization recapitalization, conversion to another type of entity or similar event involving a change in the capital structure of the Company.  


	“

	Shelf Registration Statement

	” means a Registration Statement of the Company filed with the Commission on Form S-3 (or any successor form or other appropriate form under the Securities Act) for an offering to be made on a continuous or delayed basis pursuant to Rule 415 (or any similar rule that may be adopted by the Commission) covering the Registrable Securities, as applicable.


	“

	Sponsoring Holder

	” means (a) WildHorse Holdings unless and until WildHorse Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; (b) Esquisto Holdings unless and until Esquisto Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; (c) Acquisition Co. Holdings unless and until Acquisition Co. Holdings ceases to hold any Registrable Securities; and (d) any holder of Registrable Securities to whom registration rights of a “Sponsoring Holder” conferred by this Agreement have been transferred in compliance with

	Section 8(e)

	hereof; provided that any Person referenced in clause (d) shall be a Sponsoring Holder only if such Person agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement.


	“

	Stockholders Agreement

	” means that certain Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and among the Company, Wildhorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings.


	“

	Trading Market

	” means the principal national securities exchange on which Registrable Securities are listed.


	“

	Underwritten


	Offering

	” means an underwritten offering of Common Stock for cash (whether a Requested Underwritten Offering or in connection with a public offering of Common Stock by the Company, stockholders or both), excluding an offering relating solely to an employee benefit plan, or an offering relating to a transaction on Form S-4 or S-8.


	“

	VWAP

	”  means, as of a specified date and in respect of Registrable Securities, the volume weighted average price for such security on the Trading Market for the five trading days immediately preceding, but excluding, such date.


	“

	WildHorse Holdings

	” means WHR Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


	“

	WKSI

	” means a “well known seasoned issuer” as defined under Rule 405.


	5




	 





	Unless the context requires


	otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms; (b) references to Sections refer to sections of this Agreement; (c) the terms “include,” “includes,” “including” and words of like impor


	t shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”; (d) the terms “hereof,” “hereto,” “herein” or “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (e) unless the context otherwise require


	s, the term “or” is not exclusive and shall have the inclusive meaning of “and/or”; (f) defined terms herein will apply equally to both the singular and plural forms and derivative forms of defined terms will have correlative meanings; (g) references to an


	y law or statute shall include all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and references to any law or statute shall be construed as including any legal and statutory provisions consolidating, amending, succeeding or replacing the applicable law or


	statute; (h) references to any Person include such Person’s successors and permitted assigns; and (i) references to “days” are to calendar days unless otherwise indicated.






	2.




	Registration.









	(a)



	Demand Registration

	.






	(i)


	At any time after the expiration of the applicable Lock-Up Period, any Preferred Holder and Sponsoring Holder shall severally have the option and right, exercisable by delivering a written notice to the Company (a “

	Demand Notice

	”), to require the Company to, pursuant to the terms of and subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement registering the offering and sale of the number and type of Registrable Securities on the terms and conditions specified in the Demand Notice, which may include sales on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement (a “

	Demand Registration

	”).  The Demand Notice must set forth the number of Registrable Securities that the Initiating Holder intends to include in such Demand Registration and the intended methods of disposition thereof.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,


	in no event shall the Company be required to effectuate a Demand Registration unless the Registrable Securities of the Holders to be included therein after compliance with

	Section 2(a)(ii)

	have an aggregate value of at least $75 million based on the VWAP (the “

	Minimum Amount

	”) as of the date of the Demand Notice; provided, however, that the Minimum Amount shall not apply in the event that, as the result of Cutback Shares being removed from such Registration Statement pursuant to this

	Section 2(a)(i)

	, the Registrable Securities of the Holders to be included therein after compliance with

	Section 2(a)(ii)

	have an aggregate value of less than $75 million.  If at any time the Commission takes the position that some or all of the Registrable Securities proposed to be included in a Registration Statement filed pursuant to a Demand Registration must be removed from such Registration Statement (such portion of the Registrable Securities, the “

	Cut Back Shares

	”) in order for all of the Registrable Securities in such Registration Statement filed pursuant to a Demand Registration to be eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 or for the Initiating Holder to  not be named as an “underwriter” in such Registration Statement, then if the Initiating Holder so elects, the Company shall remove the Cutback Shares from such Registration


	6




	 



	Statement.  Any Cut Back Shares so removed pursuant to this


	Section 2(a)(i)


	shall be allocated among the Holders including Registrable Securities for resale on such Registration Statement on a pro rata basis.   Further, a Dem


	and Registration shall not constitute a Demand Registration of the Initiating Holder for purposes of


	Section 2(a)(iii)


	if, as a result of the cutback provisions in this


	Section 2(a)(i)


	or Registrable Securities of Holders other than the Initiating Holder i


	ncluded in such Demand Registration pursuant to


	Section 2(a)(ii)


	, there is included in the Demand Registration less than the lesser of (x) Registrable Securities of the Initiating Holder having a VWAP measured on the effective date of the related Registrat


	ion Statement of $75 million and (y) two-thirds of the number of Registrable Securities the Initiating Holder set forth in the applicable Demand Notice.





	(ii)


	Within five Business Days (or if the Registration Statement will be a Shelf Registration Statement, within two Business Days) after the receipt of the Demand Notice, the Company shall give written notice of such Demand Notice to all Holders and, within 30 days after receipt of the Demand Notice (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case, within 90 days thereof), shall, subject to the limitations of this

	Section 2(a)

	, file a Registration Statement in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Demand Notice, which Registration Statement shall cover all of the Registrable Securities that the Holders shall in writing request to be included in the Demand Registration (such request to be given to the Company within three Business Days (or if the Registration Statement will be a Shelf Registration Statement, within one Business Day) after receipt of notice of the Demand Notice given by the Company pursuant to this

	Section 2(a)(ii)

	).  The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become and remain effective (including using reasonable best efforts to file a Registration Statement including Registrable Securities included on any previous Registration Statement that ceases to be effective, which, for the avoidance of doubt shall not be considered an additional Demand Registration for any Holder pursuant to

	Section 2(a)(iii)

	) under the Securities Act until all such securities registered for resale thereunder cease to be Registrable Securities (the “

	Effectiveness Period

	”).












	(iii)


	Subject to the other limitations contained in this Agreement, the Company is not obligated hereunder to effect (A) a Demand Registration within 90 days after the closing of any Underwritten Offering (or such shorter time as the Company may notify the Holders in writing) (any such time period, a “

	No Demand Period

	”), unless any Preferred No-Blocking Period exists during such No Demand Period, in which case the Company shall nevertheless be required to effect a Demand Registration initiated by any Preferred Holder that is then otherwise entitled to initiate a Demand Registration during such Preferred No-Blocking Period, (B) more than a total of four Demand Registrations for which WildHorse Holdings (or any transferee thereof in accordance with

	Section 8(e)

	) is the Initiating Holder, (C) more than a total of four Demand Registrations for which Esquisto Holdings (or any transferee thereof in accordance with

	Section 8(e)

	) is the Initiating Holder, (D) more than a total of four Demand Registrations for which Acquisition Co. Holdings (or any transferee thereof in accordance with

	Section 8(e)

	) is the Initiating Holder, (E) more than a total of six Demand Registrations for which any Preferred Holder is the Initiating Holder; and (F) a subsequent Demand Registration pursuant to a Demand Notice if a Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable


	7




	 



	Securities held by the Initiating Holder shall have become and remains effective under the Securities Act and is sufficient to permit offers and sales of the number and type of Registrable Securities on the terms and conditions specified in


	the Demand Notice in accordance with the intended timing and method or methods of distribution thereof specified in the Demand Notice.


	  No Demand Registration shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this




	Section


	2(a)(iii)


	if the Registration Statement relating thereto does not become effective or is not maintained effective for its entire Effectiveness Period, in which case the Initiating Hol


	der shall be entitled to an additional Demand Registration in lieu thereof.


	  


	  



	(iv)


	A Holder may withdraw all or any portion of its Registrable Securities included in a Demand Registration from such Demand Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement.  Upon receipt of a notice from the Initiating Holder that the Initiating Holder is withdrawing all of its Registrable Securities from the Demand Registration or a notice from a Holder to the effect that the Holder is withdrawing an amount of its Registrable Securities such that the remaining amount of Registrable Securities to be included in the Demand Registration is below the Minimum Amount, the Company may cease all efforts to secure effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement, unless one or more Holders other than the withdrawing Holder(s) shall promptly request the Company in writing to include additional Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration such that amount of Registrable Shares to be included in the Demand Registration satisfies the Minimum Amount (a “

	Requisite Holder Substitution

	”).  In the absence of a Requisite Holder Substitution, such registration nonetheless shall be deemed a Demand Registration with respect to the Initiating Holder for purposes of

	Section 2(a)(iii)

	unless (A) the Initiating Holder shall have paid or reimbursed the Company for its pro rata share of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the withdrawn registration of such Registrable Securities (based on the number of securities the Initiating Holder sought to register, as compared to the total number of securities included in such Demand Registration) or (B) the withdrawal is made following the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change or pursuant to the Company’s request for suspension pursuant to

	Section 3(o)

	.


	(v)


	The Company may include in any such Demand Registration other Company Securities for sale for its own account or for the account of any other Person, subject to

	Section 2(c)(iii)

	.  


	8




	 





	(vi)




	Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, the Company shall effect any Demand Registration on such appropriate registration form


	of the Commission (A) as shall be selected by the Company and (B) subject to applicable law and the requirements of the Commission, as shall permit the disposition of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of dispositi


	on specified in the Demand Notice; provided that, subject to


	Section 3(o)


	, (X) if the Registration Statement is on Form S-1, the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Stateme


	nt on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission (provided that Form S-1 is then available for sales on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 in respect of such Demand Registration),


	and (Y) if the Company becomes, and is at the time of its receipt of a Demand Notice eligible to use Form S-3, the Demand Registration for any offering and selling of Registrable Securities shall be registered on Form S-3 (or any equivalent or successor fo


	rm under the Securities Act (if available to the Company) and (Z) if at the time of its receipt of a Demand Notice, the Company is a WKSI, the Demand Registration for any offering and selling of Registrable Securities shall be registered on an Automatic Sh


	elf Registration Statement on Form S-3 or any equivalent or successor form under the Securities Act (if available to the Company).  If at any time a Registration Statement on Form S-3 is effective and a Holder provides written notice to the Company that it


	intends to effect an offering of all or part of the Registrable Securities included on such Registration Statement, the Company will amend or supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to enable such offering to take place.  



	(vii)


	Without limiting

	Section 3

	, in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to and in accordance with this

	Section 2(a)

	, the Company shall (A) promptly prepare and file or cause to be prepared and filed (1) such additional forms, amendments, supplements, prospectuses, certificates, letters, opinions and other documents, as may be necessary or advisable to register or qualify the securities subject to such Demand Registration, including under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Holders shall reasonably request; provided, however, that no such qualification shall be required in any jurisdiction where, as a result thereof, the Company would become subject to general service of process or to taxation or qualification to do business in such jurisdiction solely as a result of registration and (2) such forms, amendments, supplements, prospectuses, certificates, letters, opinions and other documents as may be necessary to apply for listing or to list the Registrable Securities subject to such Demand Registration on the Trading Market and (B) do any and all other acts and things that may be reasonably necessary or appropriate or reasonably requested by the Holders to enable the Holders to consummate a public sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended timing and method or methods of distribution thereof.  




	(viii)


	In the event a Holder transfers Registrable Securities included on a Registration Statement and such Registrable Securities remain Registrable Securities following such transfer, at the request of such Holder, the Company shall amend or supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to enable such transferee to offer and sell such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement; provided that in no event shall the Company be required to file a post-


	9




	 



	effective amendment to the Registration Statement unless (A) such Registration Statement includes on


	ly Registrable Securities held by the Holder, Affiliates of the Holder or transferees of the Holder or (B) the Company has received written consent therefor from a Person for whom Registrable Securities have been registered on (but not yet sold under) such


	Registration Statement, other than the Holder, Affiliates of the Holder or transferees of the Holder.



	(ix)


	Notwithstanding the foregoing restrictions of this

	Section 2(a)

	, but subject to any applicable No Demand Periods, the Preferred Holders shall be permitted to deliver a Demand Notice for a Demand Registration during the Lock-Up Period so long as (A) the Company is then-eligible to use Form S-3 to register the resale of Registrable Securities and (B) the Preferred Holders do not dispose of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement for the duration of the Lock-Up Period. Further, and for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit a Preferred Holder from exercising its rights as a Holder during the Lock-Up Period, including, but not limited to, a Preferred Holder’s participation in a Demand Registration, Underwritten Offering and/or Underwritten Piggyback Offering, other than with respect to (Y) except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, delivering a Demand Notice as an Initiating Holder during its Lock-Up Period pursuant to

	Section 2(a)(i)

	and (Z) exercising its right to receive a Piggyback Notice or to participate in any Piggyback Registration during its Lock-Up Period with respect to the filing of a registration statement for the sale of securities solely for the account of the Company, which registration statement, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Registrable Securities of any Holder.    










	(b)



	Requested Underwritten Offering

	.  Any Holder then able to effectuate a Demand Registration pursuant to the terms of

	Section 2(a)

	(or who has previously effectuated a Demand Registration pursuant to

	Section 2(a)

	but has not engaged in an Underwritten Offering in respect of such Demand Registration) shall have the option and right, exercisable by delivering written notice to the Company of its intention to distribute Registrable Securities by means of an Underwritten Offering (an “

	Underwritten Offering Notice

	”), to require the Company, pursuant to the terms of and subject to the limitations of this Agreement, to effectuate a distribution of any or all of its Registrable Securities by means of an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a new Demand Registration or pursuant to an effective Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities (a “

	Requested Underwritten Offering

	”); provided, that the Registrable Securities of such Initiating Holder requested to be included in such Requested Underwritten Offering have an aggregate value of at least equal to the Minimum Amount as of the date of such Underwritten Offering Notice.  The Underwritten Offering Notice must set forth the number of Registrable Securities that the Initiating Holder intends to include in such Requested Underwritten Offering.  The managing underwriter or managing underwriters of a Requested Underwritten Offering shall be designated by the Company;


	provided, however, that such designated managing underwriter or managing underwriters shall be reasonably acceptable to the Initiating Holder; provided, further, however that no later than 9:00 A.M., New York Time, on the day of a proposed block trade or bought deal pursuant to an Initiating Holder’s Requested Underwritten Offering (an “

	Initiating Holder Block

	”), the Initiating Holder thereof may deliver to the Company in writing a list of one or more proposed managing underwriters of the Initiating Holder Block (each a “

	Bidding Bank

	” and collectively, the “

	Bidding Banks

	”) and,


	10




	 



	unless the Company reasonably objects to any Bidding Bank in writing to the Initiating Holder by Noon, N


	ew York Time on the same day, any one or more of such Bidding Banks to which the Company does not so timely reasonably object (the “


	Approved Bidding Banks


	”), shall be deemed to be designated by the Company as a managing underwriter for the purposes of this




	Section 2(b)


	, and the Initiating Holder of the Initiating Holder Block may select, without any additional prior consent by or approval from the Company, one or more Approved Bidding Bank as a managing underwriter or the managing underwriters for such Init


	iating Holder Block as if it as if it had assumed the Company’s the right of designation pursuant to this


	Section 2(b)


	.  In connection with any Initiating Holder Block, the Initiating Holder thereof shall take commercially reasonable efforts to advise the


	Company with respect to its obligations thereunder and related schedule thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is not obligated to effect a Requested Underwritten Offering within 90 days after the closing of an Underwritten Offering (or such s


	horter time as the Company may notify the Holders in writing) (any such time period, a “


	No Requested Underwritten Offering Period


	”), unless any Preferred No-Blocking Period exists during such No Requested Underwritten Offering Period, in which case the Com


	pany shall nevertheless be required to effect a Requested Underwritten Offering initiated by any Preferred Holder that is then otherwise entitled to initiate a Requested Underwritten Offering during such Preferred No-Blocking Period. Any Requested Underwri


	tten Offering (other than the first Requested Underwritten Offering made in respect of a prior Demand Registration) shall constitute a Demand Registration of the Initiating Holder for purposes of


	Section


	2(a)(iii)


	(it being understood that if requested concurrently with a  Demand Registration then, together, such Demand Registration and Requested Underwritten Offering shall count as one Demand Regist


	ration); provided, however, that a Requested Underwritten Offering shall not constitute a Demand Registration of the Initiating Holder for purposes of


	Section


	2(a)(iii)


	if, as a result of


	Section


	2(c)(iii)


	(A)


	, the Requested Underwritten Offering includes less than the lesser of (i) Registrable


	Securities of the Initiating Holder having a VWAP measured on date of the applicable Underwritten Offering Notice  of $75 million and (ii) two-thirds of the number of Registrable Securities the Initiating Holder set forth in the applicable Underwritten Off


	ering Notice.  





	(c)



	Piggyback Registration and Piggyback Underwritten Offering

	.








	(i)


	If the Company shall at any time propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of Common Stock (other than a registration statement on Form S-4, Form S-8 or any successor forms thereto or filed solely in connection with an exchange offer or any employee benefit or dividend reinvestment plan and other than a Demand Registration), whether or not for its own account, then the Company shall promptly notify all Holders of such proposal reasonably in advance of (and in any event at least five Business Days, except if the registration statement will be a Shelf Registration Statement, at least two Business Days, before) the anticipated filing date (the “

	Piggyback Registration


	Notice

	”).  The Piggyback Registration Notice shall offer Holders the opportunity to include for registration in such registration statement the number of Registrable Securities as they may request in writing (a “

	Piggyback Registration

	”).  The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to include in each such Piggyback Registration such Registrable Securities for which the Company has received written requests for inclusion therein (“

	Piggyback


	Registration




	Request

	”) within three Business Days or, if the Piggyback Registration will be on a Shelf


	11




	 



	Registration Statement, within one Business Day, after sending the Piggyback Registration Notice.  Each Holder shall be permitted to withdraw all or part of such Holder’s Registr


	able Securities from a Piggyback Registration by giving written notice to the Company of its request to withdraw; provided that (A) such request must be made in writing prior to the effectiveness of such registration statement and (B) such withdrawal shall


	be irrevocable and, after making such withdrawal, a Holder shall no longer have any right to include Registrable Securities in the Piggyback Registration as to which such withdrawal was made.  Any withdrawing Holder shall continue to have the right to inc


	lude any Registrable Securities in any subsequent registration statement or registration statements as may be filed by the Company with respect to offerings of Common Stock, all upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.  Notwithstanding anything to t


	he contrary in this


	Section 2(c)(i)


	, the Preferred Holders shall not have the right to receive any Piggyback Notice or to participate in any Piggyback Registration, in each case with respect to the filing of a registration statement for the sale of securit


	ies solely for the account of the Company, which registration statement, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Registrable Securities of any Holder, until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period applicable to the Preferred Holders.  







	(ii)


	If the Company shall at any time propose to conduct an Underwritten Offering (including a Requested Underwritten Offering), whether or not for its own account, then the Company shall promptly notify all Holders of such proposal reasonably in advance of (and in any event at least five Business Days, except if the Underwritten Offering will be made pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, at least two Business Days, before) the commencement of the offering, which notice shall set forth the principal terms and conditions of the issuance, including the proposed offering price or range of offering prices (if known), the anticipated filing date of the related registration statement (if applicable) and the number of shares of Common Stock that are proposed to be registered (the “

	Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice

	”).  The Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice shall offer Holders the opportunity to include in such Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) the number of Registrable Securities as they may request in writing (an “

	Underwritten Piggyback Offering

	”); provided, however, that in the event that the Company proposes to effectuate the subject Underwritten Offering pursuant to an effective Shelf Registration Statement other than an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement, only Registrable Securities of Holders which are subject to an effective Shelf Registration Statement may be included in such Underwritten Piggyback Offering.  The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to include in each such Underwritten Piggyback Offering such Registrable Securities for which the Company has received written requests for inclusion therein (“

	Underwritten Offering Piggyback Request

	”) within three Business Days or, if such Underwritten Piggyback Offering will be made pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, within one Business Day after sending the Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice.  Each Holder shall be permitted to withdraw all or part of such Holder’s Registrable Securities from an Underwritten Piggyback Offering at any time prior to the effectiveness of the applicable registration statement, and such Holder shall continue to have the right to include any Registrable Securities in any subsequent Underwritten Offerings, all upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this

	Section 2(c)(ii)

	, the Preferred Holders shall not have the right to


	12




	 



	receive any Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice or to participate in any Underwritten Piggyback Offering, in ea


	ch case with respect to an Underwritten Offering  of securities solely for account of the Company (and not including Registrable Securities of any other Holder), until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period applicable to the Preferred Holders.





	(iii)


	If the managing underwriter or managing underwriters of an Underwritten Offering advise the Company and the Holders that in their reasonable opinion that the inclusion of all of the Holders’ Registrable Securities requested for inclusion in the subject Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) (and any other Common Stock proposed to be included in such offering) exceeds the number that can be included without being likely to have a significant adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the securities offered or the market for the securities offered, the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) only that number of shares of Common Stock proposed to be included in such Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) that, in the reasonable opinion of the managing underwriter or managing underwriters, will not have such adverse effect, with such number to be allocated as follows:  (A) in the case of a Requested Underwritten Offering, (1) first, pro-rata among all Holders (including the Initiating Holder) that have requested to include Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering based on the relative number of Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, (2) second, if there remains availability for additional shares of Common Stock to be included in such Underwritten Offering, the Company, and (3) third, if there remains availability for additional shares of Common Stock to be included in such Underwritten Offering, any other holders entitled to participate in such Underwritten Offering, if applicable, based on the relative number of shares of Common Stock then held by each such holder; and (B) in the case of any other Underwritten Offerings, (x) first, to the Company, (y) second, if there remains availability for additional shares of Common Stock to be included in such Underwritten Offering, pro-rata among all Holders desiring to include Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering based on the relative number of Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, and (z) third, if there remains availability for additional shares of Common Stock to be included in such registration, pro-rata among any other holders entitled to participate in such Underwritten Offering, if applicable, based on the relative number of Common Stock then held by each such holder.  If any Holder disapproves of the terms of any such Underwritten Offering, such Holder may elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company and the managing underwriter(s) delivered on or prior to the time of the commencement of such offering.  Any Registrable Securities withdrawn from such underwriting shall be excluded and withdrawn from the registration.  In making any determination of the relative number of Registrable Securities then held by each Holder for purposes of

	Section 2(a)(iv)

	and this

	Section 2(c)(iii)

	, each Holder of Convertible Preferred Stock shall be deemed for purposes of such determination to hold a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of such Holder’s Convertible Preferred Stock in the event such Holder converted all of its shares of Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock as of such time of determination.  


	13




	 





	(iv)




	The Company shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this


	Section


	2(c)


	at


	any time in its sole discretion whether or not any Holder has elected to include Registrable Securities in such Registration Statement.  The registration expenses of such withdrawn registration shall be borne by the Company in accordance with


	Section


	4


	hereof.









	(v)



	Each Holder agrees that, following receipt of any Piggyback Registration Notice, Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice or any notice pursuant to


	Section 2(a)(ii)


	, such Holder will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or use for any purpose (other than as necessary to exercise its rights pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, disclosure to its advisors and Aff




	iliates) the fact that such Piggyback Registration Notice, Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice or any notice pursuant to


	Section 2(a)(ii)


	exists or was received by such Holder or the contents of any such Piggyback Registration Notice, Underwritten Offering Piggyback Notice or any notice pursuant to


	Section 2(a)(ii)


	, until the earlier of (a) the date that is 30 days following receipt of such notice, (b) such time as the registration or Underwritten Offering that is the subject of such notice is known or b


	ecomes known to the public in general (other than as a result of a breach of this


	Section 2(c)(v)


	) and (c) the date the Company notifies the Holder that the proposed Underwritten Piggyback offering has been abandoned.  








	3.




	Registration and Underwritten Offering Procedures.  


	The procedures to be followed by the Company and each Holder electing to sell Registrable Securities in a Registration Statement pursuant to this Agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the Company and such Holders, with respect to the preparation, filing and effectiveness of such Registration Statement and the effectuation of any Underwritten Offering, are as follows:



	(a)


	In connection with a Demand Registration, the Company will, at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing of the Registration Statement and any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (other than, after effectiveness of the Registration Statement, any filing made under the Exchange Act that is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement), (i) furnish to such Holders copies of all such documents prior to filing and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to address in each such document when so filed with the Commission such comments as such Holders reasonably shall propose prior to the filing thereof.




	(b)


	In connection with a Piggyback Registration, Underwritten Piggyback Offering or a Requested Underwritten Offering, the Company will, at least three Business Days (or in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement or an offering that will be made pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, at least one Business Day) prior to the anticipated filing of any initial Registration Statement that identifies the Holders and any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (other than amendments and supplements that do not materially alter the previous disclosure or do nothing more than name Holders and provide information with respect thereto), as applicable, furnish to such Holders copies of any such Registration Statement or related Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto that identify


	14




	 



	the Holders and any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (other than amendments and supplements that do not materially alter the previous disclosure or do not


	hing more than name Holders and provide information with respect thereto).  The Company will also  use commercially reasonable efforts to address in each such document when so filed with the Commission such comments as such Holders reasonably shall propose


	prior to the filing thereof.





	(c)


	The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as reasonably practicable (i) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary under applicable law to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered thereby for its Effectiveness Period and, subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, applicable law and the requirements of the Commission, prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities held by the Holders; (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; and (iii) respond to any comments received from the Commission with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and, as promptly as reasonably practicable provide such Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to such Registration Statement that pertains to such Holders as selling stockholders but not any comments that would result in the disclosure to such Holders of material and non-public information concerning the Company.


	(d)


	The Company will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the Registration Statements and the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement.






	(e)


	The Company will notify such Holders who are included in a Registration Statement as promptly as reasonably practicable: (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement in which such Holder is included has been filed; (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a “review” of the applicable Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement (in which case the Company shall provide true and complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to each of such Holders that pertain to such Holders as selling stockholders); and (C) with respect to each applicable Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, when the same has been declared effective; (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information that pertains to such Holders as sellers of Registrable Securities; (iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose; and (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions


	15




	 



	to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of such Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact r


	equired to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided


	,


	however, that no notice by the Company shall be required pursuant to this clause (v) in the ev


	ent that the Company either promptly files a prospectus supplement to update the Prospectus or a Form 8-K or other appropriate Exchange Act report that is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, which in either case, contains the requisi


	te information that results in such Registration Statement no longer containing any untrue statement of material fact or omitting to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were mad


	e, not misleading).



	(f)


	The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, as promptly as reasonably practicable, or if any such order or suspension is made effective during any Blackout Period or Suspension Period, as promptly as reasonably practicable after such Blackout Period or Suspension Period is over.


	(g)


	During the Effectiveness Period, the Company will furnish to each such Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Holder (including those incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that the Company will not have any obligation to provide any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Commission’s EDGAR system.


	(h)


	The Company will promptly deliver to each Holder, without charge, as many copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) authorized by the Company for use and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Holder may reasonably request during the Effectiveness Period.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including

	Section 8(b)

	, the Company consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.




	(i)


	The Company will cooperate with such Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free of all restrictive legends indicating that the Registrable Securities are unregistered or unqualified for resale under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or other applicable securities laws, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request in writing.  In connection therewith, if required by the Company’s transfer agent, the Company will promptly, after the Effective Date of the Registration Statement, cause an opinion of counsel as to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be delivered to and maintained with its transfer agent, together with any other authorizations, certificates and


	16




	 



	directions require


	d by the transfer agent which authorize and direct the transfer agent to issue such Registrable Securities without any such legend upon sale by the Holder of such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement.





	(j)


	Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by

	Section 3(e)(v)

	, as promptly as reasonably practicable, the Company will prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, if required by applicable law, to the affected Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, no Registration Statement nor any Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.




	(k)


	With respect to Underwritten Offerings, (i) the right of any Holder to include such Holder’s Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering shall be conditioned upon such Holder’s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such Holder’s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided herein, (ii) each Holder participating in such Underwritten Offering agrees to enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form and sell such Holder’s Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled to select the managing underwriter or managing underwriters hereunder and (iii) each Holder participating in such Underwritten Offering agrees to complete and execute all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents customarily and reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.  The Company hereby agrees with each Holder that, in connection with any Underwritten Offering in accordance with the terms hereof, it will negotiate in good faith and execute all indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements, including using all commercially reasonable efforts to procure customary legal opinions, auditor “comfort” letters and reports of the independent petroleum engineers of the Company relating to the oil and gas reserves of the Company included in the Registration Statement if the Company has had its reserves prepared, audited or reviewed by an independent petroleum engineer.  




	(l)


	For a reasonable period prior to the filing of any Registration Statement and throughout the Effectiveness Period, the Company will make available, upon reasonable notice at the Company’s principal place of business or such other reasonable place, for inspection during normal business hours by a representative or representatives of the selling Holders, the managing underwriter or managing underwriters and any attorneys or accountants retained by such selling Holders or underwriters, all such financial and other information and books and records of the Company, and cause the officers, employees, counsel and independent certified public accountants of the Company to respond to such inquiries, as shall be reasonably necessary (and in the case of counsel, not violate an attorney-client privilege in such counsel’s reasonable belief) to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act; provided, however, that any information that is not generally publicly available at the time of delivery of such information shall be kept confidential by such Persons unless disclosure of such information is required by court or administrative order or, in the opinion of counsel to such Person, law, in which case, such Person shall be required to give the Company


	17




	 



	written notice of the proposed disclosure prior to such disclosu


	re and, if requested by the Company, assist the Company in seeking to prevent or limit the proposed disclosure.  



	(m)


	In connection with any Requested Underwritten Offering, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause appropriate officers and employees to be available, on a customary basis and upon reasonable notice, to meet with prospective investors in presentations, meetings and road shows.


	(n)


	Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company any other information regarding the Holder and the distribution of such securities as the Company reasonably determines is required to be included in any Registration Statement or any Prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to an Underwritten Offering.




	(o)


	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to file a Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or effect a Requested Underwritten Offering (or, if the Company has filed a Shelf Registration Statement and has included Registrable Securities therein, the Company shall be entitled to suspend the offer and sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement) for a period of up to 60 days if (i) the Board determines that a postponement is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders generally due to a pending transaction involving the Company (including a pending securities offering by the Company), (ii) the Board determines such registration would render the Company unable to comply with applicable securities laws or (iii) the Board determines such registration would require disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential (any such period, a “

	Blackout Period

	”); provided

	,

	however, that in no event shall any Blackout Period together with any Suspension Period, any No Demand Period (but only if such No Demand Period relates to a an Underwritten Offering other than a Requested Underwritten Offering in which the Preferred Holders participated) and any No Requested Underwritten Offering Period (but only if such No Demand Period relates to a an Underwritten Offering other than a Requested Underwritten Offering in which the Preferred Holders participated) collectively exceed an aggregate of 120 days in any 12-month period; provided, further, that nothing in this

	Section 3(o)

	shall (i) relieve the Company of any obligation it may otherwise have pursuant to this Agreement to file a Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or effect a Requested Underwritten Offering or (ii) permit the Company to suspend the offer and sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement that has been previously filed pursuant to this Agreement, in each case at the request of or with respect to a Preferred Holder or with respect to Registrable Securities of any such Preferred Holder, within any 45-day period following the date upon which any Convertible Preferred Stock of such Preferred Holder is converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 7(b) of the Certificate (any such 45-day period, a “

	Preferred No-Blocking Period

	”).




	(p)


	In connection with an Underwritten Offering, the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to provide to each Holder named as a selling securityholder in any Registration Statement a copy of any auditor “comfort” letters, customary legal opinions or reports of the independent petroleum engineers of the Company relating to the oil and gas reserves of the Company, in each case that have been provided to the managing underwriter or


	18




	 



	managing underwriters in connection with the Underwritten Offering, not later than the Business Day prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement.



	(q)

	In connection with any Underwritten Offering (including any Requested Underwritten Offerin

	g), any Holder that (i) together with its Affiliates owns five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock (assuming all Convertible Preferred Stock held by any Holder has been converted to Common Stock) or (ii) is entitled (or any of its Affiliates is entitled) to designate a director to the Company’s board of directors pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement or to elect a director to the Company’s board of directors pursuant to the Certificate, shall execute a customary “lock-up” agreement with the underwriters of such Underwritten Offering containing a lock-up period equal to the shorter of (A) the shortest number of days that a director of the Company, “executive officer” (as defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) of the Company or any stockholder of the Company (other than a Holder or director or employee of, or consultant to, the Company) who owns five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock contractually agrees to with the underwriters of such Underwritten Offering not to sell any securities of the Company following such Underwritten Offering and (B) 45 days from the date of the execution of the underwriting agreement with respect to such Underwritten Offering.  


	(r)

	In connection with any Requested Underwritten Offering, the

	Company will, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the members of the Board of Directors of the Company and the officers of the Company that are “executive officers” as defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act to, execute a customary “lock-up” agreement with the underwriters of such Requested Underwritten Offering containing a lock-up period equal to the shorter of (A) the number of days that the Initiating Holder in such Requested Underwritten Offering contractually agrees with the underwriters of such Requested Underwritten Offering not to sell securities of the Company following such Requested Underwritten Offering and (B) 45 days from the date of the execution of the underwriting agreement with respect to such Requested Underwritten Offering.







	4.








	No Inconsistent Agreements; Additional Rights.  


	The Company shall not hereafter enter into, and is not currently a party to, any agreement with respect to its securities that is inconsistent in any material respect with the rights granted to the Holders by this Agreement.


	  






	5.




	Registration Expenses.  


	All Registration Expenses incident to the Parties’ performance of or compliance with their respective obligations under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with any Demand Registration, Requested Underwritten Offering, Piggyback Registration or Underwritten Piggyback Offering (in each case, excluding any Selling Expenses) shall be borne by the Company, whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. “


	Registration Expenses


	” shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with the Trading Market, (B) in compliance with applicable state securities or “Blue Sky” laws and (C) FINRA fees and expenses associated with any Registration Statement and the FINRA filing



	19




	 



	obligations of any underwriter related thereto), (ii) printing expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for Company Securities and of


	printing Prospectuses if the printing of Prospectuses is reasonably requested by a Holder of Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel, auditors,


	accountants and independent petroleum engineers for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of t


	he transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (vii) all expenses relating to marketing the sale of the Registrable Securities, including expenses related to conducting a “road show.”  In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its expen


	ses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including expenses payable to third parties and including all salaries and expenses of their officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties),


	the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on the Trading Market.


	  










	6.






	Indemnification.







	(a)


	The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, its Affiliates and each of their respective officers and directors and any agent thereof (collectively, “

	Holder Indemnified Persons

	”), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, costs (including reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys’ fees) and expenses, judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which any Holder Indemnified Person may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, under the Securities Act or otherwise (collectively, “

	Losses

	”), as incurred, arising out of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which any Registrable Securities were registered, in any preliminary prospectus (if the Company authorized the use of such preliminary prospectus prior to the Effective Date), or in any summary or final prospectus or free writing prospectus (if such free writing prospectus was authorized for use by the Company) or in any amendment or supplement thereto (if used during the period the Company is required to keep the Registration Statement current), or arising out of, based upon or resulting from the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading; provided

	,

	however, that the Company shall not be liable to any Holder Indemnified Person to the extent that any such claim arises out of, is based upon or results from an untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, such preliminary, summary or final prospectus or free writing prospectus or such amendment or


	20




	 



	supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Compan


	y by or on behalf of such Holder Indemnified Person or any underwriter specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information so furnished by any Holder to the Company consists of (A) the legal name and address of the H


	older set forth in its footnote that appears under the caption “Principal and Selling Stockholders” of any such Registration Statement, such preliminary, summary or final prospectus and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or Convertible Preferred Stoc


	k, as applicable, owned by the Holder before and after the offering (excluding percentages) that appears in the table (and corresponding footnotes) under the caption “Principal and Selling Stockholders” of any such Registration Statement, such preliminary,


	summary or final prospectus (the “


	Selling Stockholder Information


	”).  The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding of which the Company is aware in connection with the transactions contemplated by


	this Agreement.


	  This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Holder Indemnified Person or any indemnified party


	and shall survive the transfer of such securities by such Holder.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this


	Section


	6


	shall survive any


	termination or expiration of this Agreement indefinitely.







	(b)


	In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder participates, such Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors and any agent thereof, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all Losses as incurred, arising out of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any such Registration Statement, in any preliminary prospectus (if used prior to the Effective Date of such Registration Statement), or in any summary or final prospectus or free writing prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (if used during the period the Company is required to keep the Registration Statement current), or arising out of, based upon or resulting from the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, but only to the extent that any such claim arises out of, is based upon or results from an untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, such preliminary, summary or final prospectus or free writing prospectus or such amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with such Holder’s Selling Stockholder Information.  This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability such Holder may otherwise have and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or any indemnified party. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation.




	(c)


	Any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) unless in such indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim or there may be reasonable defenses available to the indemnified party that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, permit such indemnifying party to


	21




	 



	assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably s


	atisfactory to the indemnified party.  If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent will not be unreasonably withheld).  An i


	ndemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party


	with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party there may be one or more legal or equitable defenses available to such indemnified party that are in addition to or may conflict with those available to another indemni


	fied party with respect to such claim.  Failure to give prompt written notice shall not release the indemnifying party from its obligations hereunder.



	(d)


	If the indemnification provided for in this

	Section 6

	is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any Losses referred to herein, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party thereunder, shall to the extent permitted by applicable law contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such Losses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party, on the one hand, and of the indemnified party, on the other, in connection with the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact that resulted in such Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified party shall be determined by a court of law by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission; provided, that in no event shall any contribution by a Holder hereunder exceed the net proceeds from the offering received by such Holder.



	7.




	Facilitation of Sales Pursuant to Rule 144.  


	To the extent it shall be required to do so under the Exchange Act, the Company shall timely file the reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (including the reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act referred to in subparagraph (c)(1) of Rule 144), and shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable the Holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of the exemption provided by Rule 144.  Upon the request of any Holder in connection with that Holder’s sale pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements.






	8.




	Miscellaneous.





	(a)



	Remedies

	.  In the event of actual or potential breach by the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement, each Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise


	22




	 



	all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement.  The Company agrees that monetary damages would


	not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the def


	ense that a remedy at law would be adequate.





	(b)



	Discontinued Disposition

	.  Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in clauses (ii) through (v) of

	Section 3(e)

	, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until such Holder’s receipt of the copies of the supplemental Prospectus or amended Registration Statement as contemplated by

	Section 3(j)

	or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement (a “

	Suspension Period

	”).  The Company may provide appropriate stop orders to enforce the provisions of this

	Section 8(b)

	.


	(c)



	Amendments and Waivers

	.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company and Holders that hold a majority of the Registrable Securities (counting Convertible Preferred Stock held by any Preferred Holder as Registrable Securities on an as-converted basis to Common Stock as provided in the Certificate) as of the date of such waiver or amendment; provided, that any waiver or amendment that would have a disproportionate adverse effect on a Holder relative to the other Holders shall require the consent of such Holder.  The Company shall provide prior notice to all Holders of any proposed waiver or amendment.  No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any Party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.




	(d)



	Notices

	.  Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail as specified in this

	Section 8(d)

	prior to 5:00 p.m. in the time zone of the receiving party on a Business Day, (ii) the Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail as specified in this Agreement later than 5:00 p.m. in the time zone of the receiving party on any date, (iii) the Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Party to whom such notice is required to be given.  The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:






	23




	 








	 




	If to the Company:




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 




	 




	 




	Attention:  General Counsel


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, TX 77024


	E-mail: KRoane@wildhorserd.com






	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	With copy to:


	 


	Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.


	Attention:  Douglas E. McWilliams


	1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500


	Houston, Texas  77002


	E-mail: dmcwilliams@velaw.com






	 






	 




	If to any Person who is then the registered Holder:




	 




	To the address of such Holder as indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or, if different, as it appears in the applicable register for the Registrable Securities or as may be designated in writing by such Holder in accordance with this

	Section 8(d)

	.


	 











	(e)



	Successors and Assigns

	.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.  Except as provided in this

	Section 8(e)

	, this Agreement, and any rights or obligations hereunder, may not be assigned or directly or indirectly transferred without the prior written consent of the Company and the Holders. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the rights of a Holder pursuant to this Agreement with respect to all or any portion of its Registrable Securities may be assigned or transferred without such consent (but only with all related obligations) with respect to such Registrable Securities (and any Registrable Securities issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to, in exchange for or in replacement of such Registrable Securities) by such Holder in connection with an assignment or transfer of (i) Registrable Securities to an Affiliate of such Holder, (ii) Registrable Securities with an aggregate VWAP (assuming any Convertible Preferred Stock that is the subject of such transfer has been converted to Common Stock pursuant to the Certificate and the Registrable Securities being transferred consist of such Common Stock) of at least $75 million, or (iii) in the case of the KKR Holders, in connection with the transfer of all of the Registrable Securities held by the KKR Holders and all other Holders that are Affiliates of the KKR Holders, provided such transfer consists of at least two-thirds of the Registrable Securities held by the KKR Holders as of the date of this Agreement, in each case provided that (A) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee or assignee and the Registrable Securities with respect to which such registration rights are being assigned and (B) such transferee or assignee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set forth


	24




	 



	in this Agreement.  The Company may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holders.



	(f)



	No Third Party Beneficiaries

	.  Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be construed to give any Person, other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns, any legal or equitable right, remedy, claim or benefit under or in respect of this Agreement.


	(g)



	Execution and Counterparts

	.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile or electronic mail transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such signature delivered by facsimile or electronic mail transmission were the original thereof.


	(h)



	Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

	.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York.  Each of the Parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York located in in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Service of process in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on each Party anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for the giving of notices under this Agreement.  Each of the Parties irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  

	EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.



	(i)



	Cumulative Remedies

	.  The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.


	(j)



	Severability

	.  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction.  It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.




	(k)



	Entire Agreement

	.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior contracts or


	25




	 



	agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof and the matters addressed or gover


	ned hereby, whether oral or written.  



	(l)



	Transfers of Common Stock by Sponsoring Holders and NGP

	.  From the date hereof until the date that both (i) the Schedule 14C Waiting Period (as defined in the Preferred Purchase Agreement) has expired and (ii) the earlier of (A) 60 days following the date of this Agreement and (B) the date on which

	all approvals and authorizations of, filings and registrations with, and notifications to, or expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, under the HSR Act (as defined in the Preferred Purchase Agreement) required with respect to the Preferred Voting and Conversion Features (as defined in the Preferred Purchase Agreement) of the Convertible Preferred Stock held by Carlyle have been obtained, made, expired or terminated, as applicable, the

	Sponsoring Holders and NGP shall not, without the prior written consent of Carlyle, (A)

	sell, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly (collectively, a “


	Transfer


	”), any shares of the Company’s capital stock held or beneficially owned by such Sponsoring Holder or NGP, as applicable, except that any Sponsoring Holder or NGP may Transfer any shares of Common Stock held by it to an Affiliate, provided such Affiliate agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement or (B) make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a short sale of or the purpose of which is to offset the loss which results from a decline in the market price of, any shares of the Company’s capital stock, or otherwise establish or increase, directly or indirectly, a put equivalent position, as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, with respect to any of the Company’s capital stock.  



	(m)



	Termination

	.  Except for

	Section 6


	and


	Section 8(m)


	, t

	his Agreement shall terminate as to any Holder, when all Registrable Securities held by such Holder no longer constitute Registrable Securities.  


	 


	[Signature page follows.]


	26




	 





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Partie


	s have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.



	COMPANY:


	 


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation


	 


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	 


	HOLDERS:


	 


	WHR Holdings, LLC


	 


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attention: General Counsel


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 





	E-mail: KRoane@wildhorserd.com



	 


	With a copy to:


	Natural Gas Partners


	5221 N. O’Connor Boulevard, Suite 1100


	Irving, Texas 75039


	Fax: (972) 432-1441


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: jzlotky@ngptrs.com


	 


	 


	Esquisto Holdings, LLC


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: KRoane@wildhorserd.com


	 


	With a copy to:


	Natural Gas Partners


	5221 N. O’Connor Boulevard, Suite 1100


	Irving, Texas 75039


	Fax: (972) 432-1441


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: jzlotky@ngptrs.com


	WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: KRoane@wildhorserd.com


	 


	With a copy to:


	Natural Gas Partners


	5221 N. O’Connor Boulevard, Suite 1100


	Irving, Texas 75039


	Fax: (972) 432-1441


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: jzlotky@ngptrs.com


	NGP XI US Holdings, L.P.


	 


	By: NGP XI Holdings GP, L.L.C., general partner


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Natural Gas Partners



	5221 N. O’Connor Boulevard, Suite 1100


	Irving, Texas 75039


	Fax: (972) 432-1441


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: jzlotky@ngptrs.com


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Jay C. Graham


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 







	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: jay.graham@wildhorseresources.com


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Anthony Bahr


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 







	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400


	Houston, Texas 77024


	Attention: General Counsel


	E-mail: anthony.bahr@wildhorseresources.com


	 





	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 





	CP VI EAGLE HOLDINGS, L.P.



	 


	By:  TC Group VI S1, L.P., its general partner


	 


	 


	By:







	Name:



	Title:




	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	[•]





	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Admiral Holding L.P.



	 


	 


	By:



	_________________



	Name:




	Title:


	 


	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	[•]


	 


	TE Admiral A Holding L.P.


	 


	 


	 


	By:



	_________________



	Name:




	Title:


	 


	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	[•]


	 


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 




	 





	Aurora C-1 Holding L.P.



	 


	 


	By:



	_________________



	Name:




	Title:


	 


	Address for notice:


	 


	[•]


	 


	 


	Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement


	 


	 


	 








	Exhibit 10.1


	 


	Execution Version




	US 4941736v.10


	 


	First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	This

	First Amendment to Credit Agreement (

	this “

	First Amendment

	”), dated as of April 4, 2017 (the “

	First Amendment Effective Date

	”), is among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “

	Borrower

	”); each of the Guarantors party hereto (the “

	Guarantors

	” and collectively with the Borrower, the “

	Credit Parties

	”); each of the Lenders party hereto; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity, the “

	Administrative Agent

	”).



	R E C I T A L S

	:







	A.





	The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of December 19, 2016 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the “

	Credit Agreement

	”), pursuant to which the Lenders have, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, made certain credit available to and on behalf of the Borrower.











	B.





	The Borrower has requested, among other things, to amend certain terms of the Credit Agreement as set forth herein, to be effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date.











	C.





	The Lenders have agreed to redetermine and increase the Borrowing Base to $450,000,000 effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date.











	D.





	The Borrower has requested that Fifth Third Bank, Associated Bank, N.A., Compass Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch (each, a “

	New Lender

	” and, collectively, the “

	New Lenders

	”), become Lenders under the Credit Agreement with a Maximum Credit Amount and an Elected Commitment in the amount as shown on Annex I to the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby).











	E.





	Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, the undersigned Lenders have agreed to enter into this First Amendment to

	amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as more specifically provided for herein

	.






	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


	Section 1.



	Defined Terms

	.  Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but which is not defined in this First Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby.  Unless otherwise indicated, all section references in this First Amendment refer to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby.






	Section 2.



	Amendments to Credit Agreement

	.  In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this First Amendment, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in

	Section 6

	hereof, the Credit Agreement shall


	 


	 




	 



	be amended effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date in the manner provided in this


	Section 2


	.







	2.1



	Amendments to Section 1.02

	.


	(a)

	The following definitions are hereby amended and restated as follows:



	“

	Agreement

	” means this Credit Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and as the same may be further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.


	(b)

	The following definitions are hereby added where alphabetically appropriate to read as follows:



	“

	First Amendment

	” means that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2017, among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.


	“

	Net Debt

	” means, at any time, (a) all Debt of the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Debt comprised of contingent obligations in respect of undrawn Letters of Credit),

	minus

	(b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (other than Excluded Cash, except to the extent such Excluded Cash consists of cash collateral held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or is in an account subject to an Account Control Agreement, in each case, excluding any cash and Cash Equivalents being held to cash collateralize or otherwise backstop a Letter of Credit) of the Borrower and the Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries.  




	2.2



	Amendment to Section 9.01(a)

	.  Section 9.01(a) is hereby amended to read in its entirely as follows:


	“(a)

	Leverage Ratio

	.  The Borrower will not, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2017, permit the Borrower’s ratio of (i) (A) if there are no Loans outstanding on such date, Net Debt, or (B) if there are Loans outstanding on such date, Total Debt to (ii) Consolidated EBITDAX for the Rolling Period ending on such date (the “

	Leverage Ratio

	”) to be greater than 4.00 to 1.00.”


	2.3



	Replacement of Annex I

	.  




	(a)


	Annex I to the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with

	Annex I

	attached hereto and

	Annex I

	attached hereto shall be deemed to be attached as Annex I to the Credit Agreement.  After giving effect to this First Amendment and any Borrowings made on the First Amendment Effective Date, (i) each Lender (including each New Lender) who holds Loans in an aggregate amount less than its Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to this First Amendment) of all Loans shall advance new Loans which shall be disbursed to the Administrative Agent and used to repay Loans outstanding to each Lender who holds Loans in


	 


	Page 2


	 




	 



	an aggregate amount greater than its Applicable Percentage of all Loans,


	(ii)


	 each Lender’s participation in each Letter of Credit, if any, shall be automatically adjusted to equal its Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to this First Amendment) and


	(iii)


	 such other adjustments shall be made as the Administrative Agent shall specify so that the Revolving Credit Exposure applicable to each Lender equals its Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to this First Amendment) of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders.



	(b)


	The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby consent to the reallocations and assignments pursuant to this

	Section 2.3

	and waive the delivery of an Assignment and Assumption and any other condition (other than the delivery by each New Lender of an Administrative Questionnaire) to the effectiveness of the foregoing reallocations and assignments.  The Administrative Agent hereby consents to a one-time waiver of the $3,500 processing and recordation fee that would otherwise be payable pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(ii)(C) as a result of the assignment provided for herein.  Each existing Lender waives any break-funding payments otherwise payable under Section 5.02 in connection with the repayment of any Loans in accordance with this

	Section 2.3

	.  


	Section 3.



	Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts

	.  Pursuant to Section 2.06(c), the Aggregate Elected Commitment Amounts shall be increased to $450,000,000, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, and the Borrower and the Lenders agree and acknowledge that the Elected Commitment of each Lender shall be as more particularly set forth on

	Annex I

	attached hereto and that each New Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered Exhibit H attached to the Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof.  


	Section 4.



	Borrowing Base Redetermination

	.  Pursuant to Section 2.07, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that for the period from and including the First Amendment Effective Date to but excluding the next Redetermination Date, the amount of the Borrowing Base shall be equal to $450,000,000.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowing Base may be subject to further adjustments from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07(e), Section 2.07(f) or Section 8.12(c).  For the avoidance of doubt, the redetermination herein shall constitute the April 1, 2017 Scheduled Redetermination and the next Scheduled Redetermination shall be the October 1, 2017 Scheduled Redetermination.




	Section 5.



	New Lenders

	.  Each New Lender hereby joins in, becomes a party to, and agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as amended hereby as a Lender thereunder and under each and every other Loan Document to which any Lender is required to be bound by the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, to the same extent as if such New Lender were an original signatory thereto.  Each New Lender hereby appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement as amended hereby as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Each New Lender represents and warrants that (a) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this First Amendment, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a party to, and a Lender under, the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, (b) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 8.01, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own


	 


	Page 3


	 




	 



	credit analysis and decision to enter into this First Amendment and to become a Lender on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and


	(c)


	 from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, it shall be a party to and be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and the other Loan Documents and have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder.





	Section 6.



	Conditions Precedent

	.  The effectiveness of this First Amendment is subject to the following:


	6.1


	The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts (in such number as may be requested by the Administrative Agent) of this First Amendment from the Borrower, each Guarantor and each Lender.


	6.2


	The Administrative Agent shall have received an Administrative Questionnaire from each New Lender.


	6.3


	The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower a duly executed and notarized mortgages and/or mortgage supplements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent so that, after giving effect to the recording of such mortgages and/or mortgage supplements, the Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that it has first priority, perfected Liens (subject only to Excepted Liens identified in clauses (a) to (d) and (f) of the definition thereof, but subject to the provisos at the end of such definition) on at least 85% of the total value (as determined by the Administrative Agent based on the present value of the Proved Reserves attributable thereto using a 9% discount rate) of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the Reserve Report most recently delivered pursuant to Section 8.12(a).


	6.4


	The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower title information setting forth the status of title to at least 85% of the total value (as determined by the Administrative Agent based on the present value of the Proved Reserves attributable thereto using a 9% discount rate) of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in the Reserve Report most recently delivered pursuant to Section 8.12(a).


	6.5


	No Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date hereof after giving effect to the terms of this First Amendment.


	6.6


	The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent or any Lenders in connection with this First Amendment.    


	6.7


	The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or its special counsel may reasonably require.


	The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to declare this First Amendment to be effective when it has received documents confirming or certifying, to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, compliance with the conditions set forth in this

	Section 6

	or the waiver of such conditions as permitted hereby.  Such declaration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties to the Credit Agreement for all purposes.


	 


	Page 4


	 




	 





	Section 7.




	Miscellaneous


	.



	7.1



	Confirmation and Effect

	.  The provisions of the Credit Agreement (as amended by this First Amendment) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms following the First Amendment Effective Date, and this First Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as expressly provided for herein.  Each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof’, “herein”, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.


	7.2



	No Waiver

	.

	Neither the execution by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of this First Amendment, nor any other act or omission by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or their officers in connection herewith, shall be deemed a waiver by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of any Defaults or Events of Default which may exist, which may have occurred prior to the date of the effectiveness of this First Amendment or which may occur in the future under the Credit Agreement and/or the other Loan Documents.  Similarly, nothing contained in this First Amendment shall directly or indirectly in any way whatsoever either:

	(a) impair, prejudice or otherwise adversely affect the Administrative Agent’s or the Lenders’ right at any time to exercise any right, privilege or remedy in connection with the Loan Documents with respect to any Default or Event of Default, (b) except as expressly provided herein, amend or alter any provision of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any other contract or instrument, or (c) constitute any course of dealing or other basis for altering any obligation of the Borrower or any right, privilege or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any other contract or instrument.  




	7.3



	Ratification and Affirmation of Credit Parties

	.  Each Credit Party hereby expressly (i) acknowledges the terms of this First Amendment, (ii) ratifies and affirms its obligations under the Guaranty Agreement, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) acknowledges, renews and extends its continued liability under the Guaranty Agreement, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iv) agrees that its guarantee under the Guaranty Agreement and its pledge of collateral under the Security Agreement and any of its obligations under the other Loan Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect with respect to the Indebtedness as amended hereby, (v) represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that each representation and warranty of such Person contained in the Credit Agreement (as amended by this First Amendment) and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and after giving effect to this First Amendment except (A) to the extent any such representations and warranties are expressly limited to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall continue to be true and correct as of such specified earlier date, and (B) to the extent that any such representation and warranty is expressly qualified by reference to materiality, a Material Adverse Effect or similar qualification, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects, (vi) represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that the execution, delivery and performance by such Person of this First Amendment are within such


	 


	Page 5


	 




	 



	Person’s corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company powers (as applicable), have been duly authorized by all necessary action and that this First Amendment constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and


	(vii)


	 represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that, after giving effect to this First Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists.



	7.4



	Counterparts

	.  This First Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this First Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this First Amendment.


	7.5



	No Oral Agreement

	.  

	This written First Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed in connection herewith and therewith represent the final agreement between the parties hereto and thereto and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements of the parties.  There are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties.



	7.6



	Governing Law

	.  

	This First Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.



	7.7



	Payment of Expenses

	.  The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with this First Amendment in accordance with Section 12.03.


	7.8



	Severability

	.  Any provision of this First Amendment or any other Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.


	7.9



	Successors and Assigns

	.  This First Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (in each case, as permitted by Section 12.04).


	7.10



	Loan Document

	.  This First Amendment shall constitute a “Loan Document” under and as defined in Section 1.02.


	[Signature Pages Follow]


	 


	 


	Page 6


	 




	 





	The parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.



	BORROWER:


	WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION

	, a Delaware corporation



	 






	By:




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	Name:




	Andrew J. Cozby






	Title:




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






	 


	 







	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 



	GUARANTORS:







	 









	WILDHORSE RESOURCES II, LLC

	, a Delaware limited liability company






	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member






	 








	ESQUISTO RESOURCES II, LLC

	, a Texas limited liability company







	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member






	 








	WHE ACQCO., LLC

	, a Delaware limited liability company







	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member


	 






	By:




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	Name:




	Andrew J. Cozby






	Title:




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






	 






	 








	WILDHORSE RESOURCES MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC

	, a Delaware limited liability company







	By: WildHorse Resources II, LLC, its sole member,


	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member






	 








	OAKFIELD ENERGY LLC

	, a Delaware limited liability company







	By: WildHorse Resources II, LLC, its sole member,


	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member


	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	Name:




	Andrew J. Cozby






	Title:




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






	 


	 


	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 






	 











	PETROMAX E&P BURLESON, LLC


	, a Texas limited liability company







	By: Esquisto Resources II, LLC, its sole member,


	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member


	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	Name:




	Andrew J. Cozby






	Title:




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






	 


	 






	 








	BURLESON WATER RESOURCES, LLC

	, a Texas limited liability company







	By: Esquisto Resources II, LLC, its sole member,


	By: WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, its sole member


	 






	By:




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	Name:




	Andrew J. Cozby






	Title:




	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






	 


	 







	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 



	ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND LENDERS:



	      


	 


	WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

	, as Administrative Agent and a Lender








	By:




	/s/ Melina Mackey








	Name:




	Melina Mackey






	Title:




	Vice President






	 







	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 



	BMO Harris BANK N.A.


	, as Syndication Agent and a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Gumaro Tijerina






	Name:




	Gumaro Tijerina






	Title:




	Managing Director






	 


	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Raza Jafferi






	Name:




	Raza Jafferi






	Title:




	Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	BARCLAYS BANK PLC


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ May Huang






	Name:




	May Huang






	Title:




	Assistant Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	CITIBANK, N.A.


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Cliff Vaz






	Name:




	Cliff Vaz






	Title:




	Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	COMERICA BANK


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ William B. Robinson






	Name:




	William B. Robinson






	Title:




	Senior Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	ING Capital LLC


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Josh Strong






	Name:




	Josh Strong






	Title:




	Director






	 






	By:




	/s/ Charles Hall






	Name:




	Charles Hall






	Title:




	Managing Director






	 


	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	BOKF, N.A. DBA BANK OF TEXAS


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Martin W. Wilson






	Name:




	Martin W. Wilson






	Title:




	Senior Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Michael Higgins






	Name:




	Michael Higgins






	Title:




	Senior Director






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Jo Linda Papadakis






	Name:




	Jo Linda Papadakis






	Title:




	Authorized Officer






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	RAYMOND JAMES BANK, N.A.


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Scott G. Axelrod






	Name:




	Scott G. Axelrod






	Title:




	Senior Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	ASSOCIATED BANK, N.A.


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Kyle Lewis






	Name:




	Kyle Lewis






	Title:




	Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	COMPASS BANK


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Kari McDaniel






	Name:




	Kari McDaniel






	Title:




	Vice President






	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Richard Antl






	Name:




	Richard Antl






	Title:




	Authorized Signatory






	 






	By:




	/s/ Daria Mahoney






	Name:




	Daria Mahoney






	Title:




	Authorized Signatory






	 


	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 





	FIFTH THIRD BANK


	, as a Lender



	 


	 






	By:




	/s/ Justin Bellamy






	Name:




	Justin Bellamy






	Title:




	Director






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement


	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation




	 









	ANNEX I



	LIST OF MAXIMUM CREDIT AMOUNTS AND ELECTED COMMITMENTS

















	Name of Lender




	Applicable Percentage




	Maximum Credit Amount




	Elected Commitment






	Wells Fargo Bank, National Association




	10.555555555555600%




	$105,555,555.55




	$47,500,000.00






	BMO Harris Bank N.A.


	 




	10.555555555555600%




	$105,555,555.55




	$47,500,000.00






	Bank of America, N.A.


	 




	8.777777777777780%




	$87,777,777.78




	$39,500,000.00






	Barclays Bank PLC


	 




	8.777777777777780%




	$87,777,777.78




	$39,500,000.00






	Citibank, N.A.


	 




	8.777777777777780%




	$87,777,777.78




	$39,500,000.00






	Comerica Bank


	 




	8.777777777777780%




	$87,777,777.78




	$39,500,000.00






	ING Capital LLC


	 




	8.777777777777780%




	$87,777,777.78




	$39,500,000.00






	BOKF, N. A. DBA Bank of Texas




	7.777777777777780%




	$77,777,777.78




	$35,000,000.00






	Capital One National Association




	7.777777777777780%




	$77,777,777.78




	$35,000,000.00






	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.




	7.777777777777780%




	$77,777,777.78




	$35,000,000.00






	Raymond James Bank, N.A.




	2.777777777777780%




	$27,777,777.78




	$12,500,000.00






	Associated Bank, N.A.


	 




	2.222222222222220%




	$22,222,222.22




	$10,000,000.00






	Compass Bank


	 




	2.222222222222220%




	$22,222,222.22




	$10,000,000.00






	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch




	2.222222222222220%




	$22,222,222.22




	$10,000,000.00






	Fifth Third Bank


	 




	2.222222222222220%




	$22,222,222.22




	$10,000,000.00






	TOTAL


	 




	100.00000000%




	$1,000,000,000.00




	$450,000,000.00







	 


	 


	Annex I


	 








	Exhibit 31.1




	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)


	OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED


	I, Jay C. Graham, certify that:






	1.




	I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “registrant”);






	 






	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






	 






	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;






	 






	4.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:






	 






	 




	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






	 






	 




	b.




	[Omitted];






	 






	 




	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






	 






	 




	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and






	 






	5.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






	 






	 




	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and






	 






	 




	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.






	 






	Date:  May 15, 2017




	 




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation







	 








	Exhibit 31.2




	CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER


	PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)


	OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED


	I, Andrew J. Cozby, certify that:






	1.




	I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “registrant”);






	 






	2.




	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






	 






	3.




	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;






	 






	4.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:






	 






	 




	a.




	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






	 






	 




	b.




	[Omitted];






	 






	 




	c.




	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






	 






	 




	d.




	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and






	 






	5.




	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






	 






	 




	a.




	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and






	 






	 




	b.




	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.






	 






	Date:  May 15, 2017




	 




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	 




	Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer






	 




	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation







	 








	Exhibit 32.1




	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO


	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


	In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (the “Company”), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned, Jay C. Graham, Chief Executive Officer of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and Andrew J. Cozby, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge:






	 




	(1)




	the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and






	 






	 




	(2)




	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






	 






	 




	 






	Date:  May 15, 2017




	/s/ Jay C. Graham






	 




	Jay C. Graham






	 




	Chief Executive Officer






	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 




	 






	Date:  May 15, 2017




	/s/ Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	Andrew J. Cozby






	 




	Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer






	 




	WildHorse Resource Development Corporation






	 


	The foregoing certifications are being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, are not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.



	 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Wildhorse Investment Holdings, Llc December 19, 2016 - Llc Operating Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT WILDHORSE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS, LLC December 19, 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Wildhorse Investment Holdings, Llc December 19, 2016
LLC Operating Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORP | Howth Investments LLC | NGP X Holdings GP, LLC | WILDHORSE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS, LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT WILDHORSE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS, LLC December 19, 2016 Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 12/22/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 10.6

Execution
Version

AMENDED AND
RESTATED

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
AGREEMENT

WILDHORSE INVESTMENT
HOLDINGS ,
LLC

December 19
, 2016



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 





ARTICLE I FORMATION OF
COMPANY


  


 



1


  










Section 1.1.


 


Formation and
Continuation


  


 



1


  





Section 1.2.


 


Name


  


 



1


  





Section 1.3.


 


Business


  


 



2


  





Section 1.4.


 


Places of
Business; Registered Agent; Names and Addresses of
Members.


  


 



2


  





Section 1.5.


 


Term


  


 



2


  





Section 1.6.


 


Filings


  


 



2


  





Section 1.7.


 


Title to
Company Property


  


 



2


  





Section 1.8.


 


No Payments of
Individual Obligations


  


 



2


  









ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND
REFERENCES


  


 



3


  










Section 2.1.


 


Defined
Terms


  


 



3


  





Section 2.2.


 


References and
Titles


  


 



17


  










ARTICLE III


 


CAPITALIZATION
AND UNITS


  


 



17


  










Section 3.1.


 


Capital
Contributions of Members.


  


 



17


  





Section 3.2.


 


Issuances of
Additional Securities.


  


 



17


  





Section 3.3.


 


Return of
Contributions


  


 



17


  





Section 3.4.


 


Incentive
Interests.


  


 



17


  










ARTICLE IV


 


ALLOCATIONS AND
DISTRIBUTIONS


  


 



21


  










Section 4.1.


 


Allocations of
Net Profits and Net Losses.


  


 



21


  





Section 4.2.


 


Special
Allocations.


  


 



22


  





Section 4.3.


 


Income Tax
Allocations.


  


 



24


  





Section 4.4.


 


Distributions.


  


 



25


  









ARTICLE V MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
MATTERS


  


 



29


  










Section 5.1.


 


Power and
Authority of Board.


  


 



29


  





Section 5.2.


 


Officers.


  


 



30


  





Section 5.3.


 


Acknowledged
and Permitted Activities.


  


 



31


  





Section 5.4.


 


Duties and
Services of the Board


  


 



31


  





Section 5.5.


 


Liability and
Indemnification.


  


 



31


  





Section 5.6.


 


Reimbursement
of Members


  


 



33


  





Section 5.7.


 


Insurance


  


 



33


  





Section 5.8.


 


Tax Elections
and Status.


  


 



33


  





Section 5.9.


 


Tax
Returns


  


 



33


  





Section 5.10.


 


Tax Matters
Member


  


 



33


  





Section 5.11.


 


Section 83(b)
Election


  


 



34


  





Section 5.12.


 


Tax
Reimbursement


  


 



34


  









ARTICLE VI RIGHTS OF
MEMBERS


  


 



35


  










Section 6.1.


 


Rights of
Members


  


 



35


  




 
i
















Section 6.2.


 


Limitations on
Members


  


 



35


  





Section 6.3.


 


Liability of
Members


  


 



35


  





Section 6.4.


 


Withdrawal and
Return of Capital Contributions


  


 



35


  





Section 6.5.


 


Voting
Rights


  


 



36


  









ARTICLE VII BOOKS, REPORTS, MEETINGS
AND CONFIDENTIALITY


  


 



36


  










Section 7.1.


 


Capital
Accounts, Books and Records.


  


 



36


  





Section 7.2.


 


Bank
Accounts


  


 



38


  





Section 7.3.


 


Reports


  


 



38


  





Section 7.4.


 


Meetings of
Members


  


 



38


  





Section 7.5.


 


Confidentiality


  


 



39


  









ARTICLE VIII DISSOLUTION,
LIQUIDATION AND TERMINATION


  


 



39


  










Section 8.1.


 


Dissolution


  


 



39


  





Section 8.2.


 


Winding
Down


  


 



39


  





Section 8.3.


 


Liquidation and
Termination


  


 



39


  









ARTICLE IX ASSIGNMENTS OF COMPANY
INTERESTS


  


 



40


  










Section 9.1.


 


Assignments of
Company Interests.


  


 



40


  









ARTICLE X REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES


  


 



41


  










Section 10.1.


 


Representations
and Warranties


  


 



41


  









ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



44


  










Section 11.1.


 


Notices


  


 



44


  





Section 11.2.


 


Amendment.


  


 



44


  





Section 11.3.


 


Partition


  


 



45


  





Section 11.4.


 


Entire
Agreement


  


 



45


  





Section 11.5.


 


Severability


  


 



45


  





Section 11.6.


 


No
Waiver


  


 



46


  





Section 11.7.


 


Applicable
Law


  


 



46


  





Section 11.8.


 


Successors and
Assigns


  


 



46


  





Section 11.9.


 


Arbitration


  


 



46


  





Section 11.10.


 


Counterparts


  


 



48


  




 
ii



AMENDED AND
RESTATED

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
AGREEMENT

OF

WILDHORSE INVESTMENT
HOLDINGS ,
LLC

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this “ Agreement
”), dated effective as of December 19, 2016, is made by
and among WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the “ Company ”), and the
Persons who have executed a signature page to this Agreement as the
Members and the Managers.

WHEREAS, the Company was formed
pursuant to the filing of a Certificate of Formation with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effective on
November 21, 2016, in accordance with the provisions of the
Act (as defined below) and by the execution of that certain Limited
Liability Company Agreement, dated effective as of
November 21, 2016 (the “ Original Agreement
”); and

WHEREAS, effective as of the date
hereof, the parties to this Agreement hereby amend and restate the
Original Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein in order to
reflect the admission of the WildHorse Members, and the
parties’ agreement regarding the manner in which the Company
shall be governed and operated and the other matters set forth
herein.

ARTICLE I

FORMATION OF
COMPANY

Section 1.1. Formation and
Continuation . Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the
parties do hereby desire to establish this Agreement to continue
and govern the Company as a limited liability company under the
provisions of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, D
EL . C ODE A NN
. T IT . 6
§§ 18-101 (2010) et seq., as amended from time to time,
and any successor statute or statutes (the “ Act
”). The Company was formed upon the execution and filing by
the organizer with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
of a Certificate of Formation of the Company effective on
November 21, 2016. This Agreement shall amend and restate in
its entirety the Original Agreement in all respects and such
Original Agreement shall be of no force or effect after the date
hereof. The parties hereby continue the Company pursuant to the
terms and provisions of this Agreement.

Section 1.2. Name . The
name of the Company shall be WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC.
Subject to all applicable laws, the business of the Company shall
be conducted in the name of the Company unless under the law of
some jurisdiction in which the Company does business such business
must be conducted under another name or unless the Board determines
that it is advisable to conduct Company business under another
name. In such a case, the business of the Company in such
jurisdiction or in connection with such determination may be
conducted under such other name or names as the Board shall
determine to be necessary. The Board shall cause to be filed on
behalf of the Company such assumed or fictitious name certificate
or certificates or similar instruments as may from time to time be
required by law.
 
1



Section 1.3. Business .
The business of the Company shall be, whether directly or
indirectly through subsidiaries, to hold shares of common stock of
WRDC and to make distributions to Members as provided
herein.

Section 1.4. Places of
Business ; Registered Agent ; Names and Addresses of
Members .

(a) The address of the principal
United States office and place of business of the Company and its
street address shall be 9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 400, Houston,
Texas 77024. The Board, at any time and from time to time, may
change the location of the Company’s principal place of
business upon giving prior written notice of such change to the
Members and may establish such additional place or places of
business of the Company as the Board shall determine to be
necessary or desirable.

(b) The registered office of the
Company in the State of Delaware shall be and it hereby is,
established and maintained at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington,
Delaware 19801, and the registered agent for service of process on
the Company shall be The Corporation Trust Company, whose business
address is the same as the Company’s registered office in
Delaware. The Board, at any time and from time to time, may change
the Company’s registered office or registered agent or both
by complying with the applicable provisions of the Act, and may
establish, appoint and change additional registered offices and
registered agents of the Company in such other states as the Board
shall determine to be necessary or advisable.

(c) The mailing address and street
address of each of the Members shall be the same as for the
Company, unless another address for such Member is set forth on
Exhibit A to this Agreement.

Section 1.5. Term . The
Company shall continue until terminated in accordance with
Section 8.1 .

Section 1.6. Filings .
Upon the request of the Board, the Members shall promptly execute
and deliver all such certificates and other instruments conforming
hereto as shall be necessary for the Board to accomplish all
filing, recording, publishing and other acts appropriate to comply
with all requirements for the formation and operation of a limited
liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and for
the qualification and operation of a limited liability company in
all other jurisdictions where the Company shall propose to conduct
business. Prior to conducting business in any jurisdiction, the
Board shall use its reasonable good faith efforts to cause the
Company to comply with all requirements for the qualification of
the Company to conduct business as a limited liability company in
such jurisdiction.

Section 1.7. Title to
Company Property . All property owned by the Company, whether
real or personal, tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be
owned by the Company as an entity, and no Member, individually,
shall have any ownership of such property. The Company may hold its
property in its own name or in the name of a nominee which may be
the Board or any of its Affiliates or any trustee or agent
designated by it.

Section 1.8. No Payments of
Individual Obligations . The Members shall use the
Company’s credit and assets solely for the benefit of the
Company. No asset of the Company shall be Transferred for or in
payment of any individual obligation of any Member.
 
2



ARTICLE II

DEFINITIONS AND
REFERENCES

Section 2.1. Defined
Terms . When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the respective meanings set forth below:

“ Act ” shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.1
.

“ Adjusted Capital
Account ” shall mean the Capital Account maintained for
each Member as provided in Section 7.1(b) as of the end of
each Fiscal Period, (a) increased by (i) the amount of
any unpaid Capital Contributions agreed to be contributed by such
Member under Section 3.1 , if any, and (ii) an
amount equal to such Member’s allocable share of Minimum Gain
as computed on the last day of such Fiscal Period in accordance
with the applicable Treasury Regulations, and (b) reduced by
the adjustments provided for in Treasury Regulation Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4)-(6).

“ Adjusted Obligation
” shall mean any Obligation the Carrying Value of which has
been adjusted pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(vi) or any
Obligation that has a Carrying Value different than its adjusted
issue price at the time the Obligation is assumed, or taken subject
to, by the Company from a Member in connection with a contribution
to the Company subject to Section 721 of the Code.

“ Adjusted Property
” shall mean any property the Carrying Value of which has
been adjusted pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(vi) or any property
that has a Carrying Value different than the adjusted tax basis at
the time of a Capital Contribution by a Member.

“ Affiliate ”
(whether or not capitalized) shall mean, with respect to any
Person: (a) any other Person directly or indirectly owning,
controlling or holding power to vote 10% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of such Person, (b) any other Person 10% or
more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or
indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such
Person, (c) any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such
Person, and (d) any officer, director, member, partner or
immediate family member of such Person or any other Person
described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) of this
paragraph.

“ Agreement ”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory
paragraph.

“ Amended Code ”
means the Code (as amended by the Bipartisan Budget
Act).

“ Benchmark Value
Payout ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(b)(iv) .

“ Benchmark Value Re-grant
Payout ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(c)(i) .
 
3



“ Bipartisan Budget Act
” shall mean Title XI of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015
and any related provisions of law, court decisions, regulations,
rules, and administrative guidance.

“ Board ” and
“ Board of Managers ” shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.1(a) .

“ Capital Account
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
7.1(b) .

“ Capital Contributions
” shall mean for any Member at the particular time in
question the aggregate of the dollar amounts of any cash, or the
fair market value (as determined in the reasonable discretion of
the Board) of any property, contributed to the capital of the
Company, or, if the context in which such term is used so
indicates, the dollar amounts of cash or the fair market value (as
determined in the reasonable discretion of the Board) of any
property agreed to be contributed, or requested to be contributed,
by such Member to the capital of the Company.

“ Capital Interest
Percentage ” means, at any time of determination and as
to any Member, the percentage of the total distributions that would
be made to such Member if the assets of the Company were sold for
their respective Carrying Values, all liabilities of the Company
were paid in accordance with their terms (limited in the case of
non-recourse liabilities to the Carrying Value of the property
securing such liabilities), all items of Company Net Profit, Net
Loss, income, gain, loss and deduction were allocated to the
Members in accordance with Section 4.4 , and the
resulting net proceeds were distributed to the Members in
accordance with Article VIII ; provided, however ,
that the Board may determine that the Members’ Capital
Interest Percentages should be determined based upon a hypothetical
sale of the assets of the Company for their respective fair market
values (instead of Carrying Values) in order to ensure that such
percentages correspond to the Members’ “
proportionate interests in partnership capital ” as
defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.613A-3(e)(2)(ii). The
foregoing definition of Capital Interest Percentage is intended to
result in a percentage for each Member that corresponds with the
Member’s “ proportionate interest in partnership
capital ” as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.613A-3(e)(2)(ii), and Capital Interest Percentage shall be
interpreted consistently therewith.

“ Capital Member
” means any Member holding Company Interests with respect to
which Capital Contributions have been, or have been deemed to have
been, previously made.

“ Carrying Value
” shall mean with respect to any asset or Obligation of the
Company, the asset’s adjusted basis or the Obligation’s
adjusted issue price for federal income tax purposes, except as
follows:

(a) The initial Carrying Value of
any asset contributed by a Member to the Company will be the fair
market value of the asset on the date of the contribution, as
determined by the Board;

(b) The initial Carrying Value of
any Obligation assumed, or taken subject to, by the Company from a
Member in connection with a contribution to the Company subject to
Section 721 of the Code shall be the Gross Liability Value of
such Obligation as of the date of such assumption or taking subject
to;
 
4



(c) The Carrying Value of all
Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective fair
market values, as determined by the Board, upon (i) the
acquisition of an additional Company Interest by any new or
existing Member in exchange for a Capital Contribution that is not
de minimis; (ii) the distribution by the Company to a Member
of Company property that is not de minimis as consideration for a
Company Interest; (iii) the grant of a Company Interest that
is not de minimis consideration for the performance of services to
or for the benefit of the Company by any new or existing Member;
(iv) the liquidation of the Company as provided in
Section 8.2 ; (v) the acquisition of a Company
Interest by any new or existing Member upon the exercise of a
noncompensatory warrant or the making of any Capital Contribution
in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s); or (vi) any other event to the extent
determined by the Board to be necessary to properly reflect
Carrying Values in accordance with the standards set forth in
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q), provided
that any adjustments to the Capital Accounts of the Members shall
be made as provided in Section 7.1(b)(vi) . If any
noncompensatory warrants (or similar interests) are outstanding
upon the occurrence of an event described in clauses
(i) through (vi) above, the Company shall adjust the Carrying
Values of its properties in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f)(1) and
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(h)(2);

(d) The Carrying Value of any
Company asset distributed to any Member shall be adjusted to equal
the fair market value of such asset on the date of distribution, as
determined by the Board;

(e) The Carrying Value of an asset
shall be adjusted by Depreciation and Simulated Depletion taken
into account with respect to such asset for purposes of computing
Net Profits, Net Losses and other items allocated pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(iv) ;

(f) (i) The Carrying Value of
each Obligation of the Company shall be adjusted to equal the
obligation’s Gross Liability Value at such times as an
adjustment to the Carrying Value of Company assets is made pursuant
to paragraph (c) hereof, and (ii) the Carrying Value of
any Obligation of the Company that is assumed, or taken subject to,
by a Member in connection with a distribution of property to the
Member in a transaction subject to Code Section 731 shall be
adjusted immediately prior thereto to equal the Gross Liability
Value of such Obligation as of the date it is assumed or taken
subject to by such Member; provided , that any adjustments
to the Capital Accounts of the Members shall be made as provided in
Section 7.1(b)(vi) ;

(g) If the Carrying Value of an
Obligation of the Company has been determined or adjusted pursuant
to clauses (b) or (f) hereof, such Carrying Value shall
thereafter be adjusted based on the method adopted under
subparagraph (c) of the definition of “Net Profit”
or “Net Loss” to determine the extent to which the
Carrying Value of such Obligation is treated as satisfied or
otherwise taken into account; and

(h) The Carrying Value of Company
assets and Obligations shall be adjusted at such other times as
required in the applicable Treasury Regulations.

“ Company ” shall
have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph of
this Agreement.
 
5



“ Company Interest
” shall mean any Member’s interest in, or rights in,
the Company including and representing, as the context shall
require, any membership interest in the Company, Incentive
Interests, and/or any other class or series of interests created
pursuant to Section 3.2 .

“ Company Nonrecourse
Liabilities ” shall mean nonrecourse liabilities (or
portions thereof) of the Company for which no Member bears the
economic risk of loss in accordance with applicable Treasury
Regulations.

“ Confidential
Information ” shall mean, without limitation, all
proprietary and confidential information of the Company, including
business opportunities of the Company, intellectual property, and
any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired, developed
or used by the Company relating to its business, including any
confidential information contained in any lease files, well files
and records, land files, abstracts, title opinions, title or
curative matters, contract files, seismic records, electric logs,
core data, pressure data, production records, geological and
geophysical reports and related data, memoranda, notes, records,
drawings, correspondence, financial and accounting information,
customer lists, statistical data and compilations, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, trade names, inventions, formulae, methods,
processes, agreements, contracts, manuals or any other documents
relating to the business of the Company, developed by, or
originated by any third party and brought to the attention of, the
Company; provided that such Confidential Information shall
not include such information that is part of common knowledge or
understanding in the oil and gas industry or otherwise in the
public domain (other than from disclosure by such Member in
violation of this Agreement).

“ Depreciation ”
shall mean for each Fiscal Period or other period, an amount equal
to the depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction
(other than Simulated Depletion) allowable with respect to an asset
for such year or other period, except that if the Carrying Value of
an asset differs from its adjusted basis for federal income tax
purposes at the beginning of such year or other period,
Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such
beginning Carrying Value as the federal income tax depreciation,
amortization or other cost recovery deduction for such year or
other period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis (unless the
adjusted tax basis is equal to zero, in which event Depreciation
shall be determined under any reasonable method selected by the
Board).

“ Descendants ”
means the legitimate children of the person or persons designated
and the legitimate lineal Descendants of such legitimate children,
and includes any person adopted before attaining the age of
eighteen (18) and the adopted person’s Descendants. A
child is “legitimate” as to such child’s father
if (a) such child’s father has been determined to be
such child’s parent by virtue of genetic testing of a type
then reasonably relied upon by experts in the field of genetic
testing; and (b) the father is, or has ever been, married to
such child’s mother as of the date on which such
determination must be made. The presumptions of paternity found in
section 160.204 of the Texas Family Code, as amended, shall not
apply. A child is always legitimate as to the mother who has given
birth to such child.

“ Dispute ” shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.9
.
 
6



“ Distributable Funds
” shall mean the available cash of the Company in excess of
the working capital and other requirements of the Company as
determined by the Board of Managers.

“ Employee ”
shall mean an individual who is employed by, or serves as an
independent contractor for, the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
including WRDC, or other Affiliates, or is employed by an entity
with which the Company has entered into an agreement to provide
personnel, management and administrative service to the Company. In
the event any provision of this Agreement refers to the resignation
of an Employee, such resignation or termination shall apply to the
entity that is the employer of such Employee.

“ Excluded Affiliate
Transfer ” shall mean (a) any Transfer of a Company
Interest by NGP (whether voluntarily or by operation of law) to a
partner or other Affiliate or a legal successor of NGP;
(b) any Transfer of a Company Interest by a Member who is an
individual to or among such Member’s Family Group, but only
if and for so long as such Member retains the exclusive right to
vote such Company Interest following such Transfer unless the
Transferee was a Member prior to such Transfer and had voting
rights prior to such Transfer; (c) upon the death of a Member
who is an individual, any Transfer of such Member’s Company
Interest pursuant to the duly executed Last Will or similar
document controlling the testamentary disposition of such
Member’s property, or pursuant to the applicable laws of
descent and distributions; and (d) any Transfer to a
corporation, partnership or limited liability company which is
wholly owned by the Family Group and controlled (through voting
rights) by such Member, but only if and for so long as such
Transferring Member retains the exclusive right to vote such
Company Interest following such Transfer, it being acknowledged and
agreed that any failure by such Transferring Member to retain the
exclusive right to vote such Company Interest following such
Transfer shall then immediately and automatically be deemed to be a
Transfer that is not an Excluded Affiliate Transfer, unless such
Transfer would otherwise be an Excluded Affiliate Transfer under
clauses (a), (b) or (c) above; provided that, in the
case of any Transfer described in clauses (a) – (d) above,
such Transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement
and evidences same by executing a copy of this Agreement and such
other documents as the Company may reasonably request promptly upon
receiving the assignment of such Company Interest.

“ Excluded Business
Opportunity ” shall mean a business opportunity other
than a business opportunity: (a) that (i) has come to the
attention of a Person solely in, and as a direct result of, its or
his capacity as a director of or an advisor to, principal of or
employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, or as
employee of an entity that has contracted with the Company to
provide personnel, management and administrative services to the
Company, or (ii) was developed with the use or benefit of the
personnel or assets of the Company, or a subsidiary of the Company,
and (b) that has not been previously independently brought to
the attention of the subject Person from a source that is not
affiliated (other than through such subject Person) with the
Company or a subsidiary of the Company.
 
7



“ Family Group ”
means, as to any particular Member who is an individual,
(a) such Member’s spouse, other than a spouse who is
legally separated from such Member under a decree of separate
maintenance or with respect to whom there is an action for divorce
pending; (b) such Member’s Descendants; (c) such
Member’s parents or any Descendants of such Member’s
parents; (d) such Member’s spouse’s parents or any
Descendants of such Member’s spouse’s parents; and
(e) any trust solely for the benefit of such Member, or solely
for the benefit of such Member and/or any individual described in
clause (a) – (d) above.

“ Fiscal Period ”
shall mean each period (a) beginning, for the first Fiscal
Period, on the date of formation of the Company, or for each
succeeding Fiscal Period on the day after the last day of the
immediately preceding Fiscal Period and (b) ending on the
earliest to occur of the last day of the calendar year and the day
on which the Carrying Value of all Company assets are adjusted
pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Carrying
Value.

“ Fundamental Change
” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following
events:

(a) any of the following
transactions occurs: (i) the Company or WRDC merges,
consolidates or reconstitutes with or into, or enters into any
similar transaction with, any Person other than an Affiliate of the
Company or a Member or a Related Party, (ii) the outstanding
Company Interests are sold or exchanged by the holders thereof in a
single transaction, or a series of related transactions, to any
Person other than an Affiliate of the Company or a Member or a
Related Party, or (iii) the Company or WRDC sells, leases,
licenses or exchanges or agrees to sell, lease, license or exchange
all or substantially all of its assets to a Person that is not an
Affiliate of the Company or a Member or a Related Party and in the
case of any such transaction described in the immediately preceding
clauses (i) – (iii), the Persons who served as members of the
Board immediately before consummation of such transaction cease to
constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board (in the
case of a sale of equity interests) or the members of the board or
analogous managing body of the surviving or acquiring entity (in
the case of an asset Transfer, conversion, merger, consolidation or
similar transaction), immediately following completion of such
transaction; or

(b) any single Person or group of
related Persons (other than the Company, any Member or an Affiliate
of the Company or a Member or a Related Party) purchases or
otherwise acquires the right to vote or dispose of the securities
of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power
of all the then outstanding voting securities of the Company,
unless such purchase or acquisition has been approved by the Board;
provided that no Capital Contribution(s) made by NGP shall
cause a Fundamental Change; or

(c) the Company or WRDC is dissolved
and liquidated.

“ Gross Liability Value
” means, with respect to any Company Obligation as of any
date, the amount of cash that a willing assignor would pay to a
willing assignee to assume such Obligation in an arm’s-length
transaction as determined by the Board in good faith.

“ Hypothetical
Liquidation ” shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 3.4(a) .
 
8



“ Incentive Interest
Percentage ” shall mean, as of any date, the aggregate of
the Tier I Percentage, Tier II Percentage, Tier III Percentage,
Tier IV Percentage and Tier V Percentage (which aggregate amount is
equal to 40% as of the date hereof), which percentage shall be
allocated and reflected on Exhibit A , as revised from time
to time.

“ Incentive Interests
” shall mean the Incentive Units.

“ Incentive Unit
” shall mean a Unit issued as a Tier I Unit, Tier II Unit,
Tier III Unit, Tier IV Unit or Tier V Unit pursuant to Section
3.4(a) and reflected on Exhibit A as, from time to time,
may be updated pursuant to this Agreement.

“ Indemnitee ”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
5.5(a) .

“ Indirect Transfer
” shall mean (with respect to any Member that is a
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
entity) a deemed Transfer of a Company Interest, which shall occur
upon any direct or indirect Transfer of the ownership of, or voting
rights associated with, the equity or other ownership interests in
such Member.

“ Internal Revenue Code
” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time, and any successor statute or
statutes.

“ JAMS ” shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.9(a)
.

“ Majority Interest
” of the Members, as to any agreement, election, vote or
other action of the Members, shall mean those Members whose
combined Sharing Ratios exceed 50%.

“ Manager ” and
“ Managers ” shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in Section 5.1(a) .

“ Members ” shall
mean the Persons (including holders of Incentive Units) who from
time to time shall execute a signature page to this Agreement
(including by counterpart) as the Members, including any Person who
becomes a substituted Member of the Company pursuant to the terms
hereof.

“ Member Nonrecourse
Debt ” shall mean any nonrecourse debt of the Company for
which any Member bears the economic risk of loss in accordance with
applicable Treasury Regulations.

“ Member Nonrecourse
Deductions ” shall mean the amount of deductions, losses
and expenses equal to the net increase during the year in Minimum
Gain attributable to a Member Nonrecourse Debt, reduced (but not
below zero) by proceeds of such Member Nonrecourse Debt distributed
during the year to the Members who bear the economic risk of loss
for such debt, as determined in accordance with applicable Treasury
Regulations.

“ Minimum Gain ”
shall mean (a) with respect to Company Nonrecourse
Liabilities, the amount of gain that would be realized by the
Company if the Company Transferred (in a taxable transaction) all
Company properties that are subject to Company Nonrecourse
Liabilities in full satisfaction of Company Nonrecourse
Liabilities, computed in accordance with applicable
 
9


Treasury Regulations, or (b) with respect
to each Member Nonrecourse Debt, the amount of gain that would be
realized by the Company if the Company Transferred (in a taxable
transaction) the Company property that is subject to such Member
Nonrecourse Debt in full satisfaction of such Member Nonrecourse
Debt, computed in accordance with applicable Treasury
Regulations.

“ Net Profit ” or
“ Net Loss ” shall mean, with respect to any
Fiscal Period, the net income or net loss of the Company for such
period, determined in accordance with federal income tax accounting
principles and Section 703(a) of the Internal Revenue Code
(including any items that are separately stated for purposes of
Section 702(a) of the Internal Revenue Code), with the following
adjustments:

(a) any income of the Company that
is exempt from federal income tax shall be included as
income;

(b) any expenditures of the Company
that are described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue
Code or treated as so described pursuant to Treasury Regulation
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i) shall be treated as current
expenses;

(c) if Company assets are
distributed to the Members in kind, such distributions shall be
treated as sales of such assets for cash at their respective fair
market values in determining Net Profit and Net Loss;

(d) in the event the Carrying Value
of any Company asset is adjusted as provided in this Agreement, the
amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or
loss from the Transfer of such asset for purposes of computing Net
Profit or Net Loss;

(e) in the event the Carrying Value
of any Company Obligations is adjusted as provided in this
Agreement, the amount of any such adjustment shall be treated for
purposes hereof as an item of loss (if the adjustment increases the
Carrying Value of such Obligation of the Company) or an item of
gain (if the adjustment decreases the Carrying Value of such
Obligation of the Company) for purposes of computing Net Profit or
Net Loss;

(f) gain or loss resulting from any
Transfer of Company property with respect to which gain or loss is
recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be computed by
reference to the Carrying Value of the property Transferred,
notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis for such property
differs from its Carrying Value;

(g) in lieu of the depreciation,
amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account
in computing such taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into
account Depreciation for such Fiscal Period;

(h) income, gain, deduction or loss
resulting from the satisfaction of, or accrual for federal income
tax purposes of items with respect to, a Company Obligation with a
Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted issue price (if any)
shall be computed by reference to the Carrying Value of such
Obligation, with the extent to which the Carrying Value of such
Obligation is treated as satisfied or otherwise taken into account
being determined under any reasonable method adopted by the Board;
and
 
10



(i) items specially allocated under
Section 4.2 and Section 7.1(b)(iv) shall be
excluded (but the amount of such items shall be determined under
principles similar to those set forth above).

“ NGP ” shall
mean NGP X US Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and
its successors and assigns.

“ NGP Portfolio
Companies ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 5.3(a) .

“ NGP Representatives
” shall mean the members, managers and employees of NGP
Energy Capital Management, L.L.C., NGP or any Affiliate thereof,
together with all other Persons serving as representatives of NGP,
including those Persons who are serving as managers of the Company
at the request of NGP pursuant to the Voting and Transfer
Restriction Agreement.

“ Nonrecourse Deduction
” has the meaning assigned to that term in Treasury
Regulation Section 1.704-2(b).

“ Obligation ”
has the meaning assigned to that term in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.752-1(a)(4)(ii).

“ Partnership
Representative ” has the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 6223 of the Amended Code and any Treasury Regulations
or other administrative or judicial pronouncements promulgated
thereunder.

“ Person ”
(whether or not capitalized) shall mean any natural person,
corporation, company, limited or general partnership, joint stock
company, joint venture, association, limited liability company,
trust, bank, trust company, business trust or other entity or
organization, whether or not a governmental authority.

“ Pre-existing Incentive
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(b)(iv) .

“ Pre-existing Units
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.4(b)(iv) .

“ Pre-grant Incentive
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(c)(i) .

“ Pre-grant Units
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.4(c)(i) .

“ Re-grant Incentive
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(c) .

“ Regulatory
Allocations ” shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 4.2(f) .
 
11



“ Related Party ”
shall mean (a) any Person who is a Member of the Company, and
any partner, member, shareholder, officer, director, employee or
other Affiliate of such Person, (b) an Employee or group of
Employees, (c) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (d) an
entity owned directly or indirectly by the Members of the Company
in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the
Company.

“ Rules ” shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.9(a)
.

“ Securities Act
” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

“ Service Interests
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.4(a) .

“ Sharing Ratio ”
shall mean for any Member, at a given time, the proportion that
such Member’s Capital Contributions bear to the total Capital
Contributions of all Members as of the date of such
determination.

“ Simulated Basis
” shall mean the Carrying Value of any oil and gas property
(as defined in Section 614 of the Internal Revenue
Code).

“ Simulated Depletion
” shall mean, with respect to each oil and gas property, a
depletion allowance computed in accordance with federal income tax
principles (as if the Simulated Basis of the property were its
adjusted tax basis) and in the manner specified in Treasury
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(k)(2). For purposes of
computing Simulated Depletion with respect to any property, the
Simulated Basis of such property shall be deemed to be the Carrying
Value of such property, and in no event shall such allowance, in
the aggregate, exceed such Simulated Basis.

“ Simulated Gain
” shall mean the excess of the amount realized from the sale
of an oil or gas property over the Carrying Value of such
property.

“ Simulated Loss
” shall mean the excess of the Carrying Value of an oil or
gas property over the amount realized from the sale of such
property.

“ Subsequent Units
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.4(b)(iv) .

“ Tax Matters Member
” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.10 .

“ Tier I Distribution
Amount ” shall mean the aggregate amount of distributions
after the occurrence of Tier I Payout and prior to the occurrence
of the earlier of Tier II Payout or Tier III Payout.

“ Tier I Members
” shall mean the Members holding Tier I Units as set forth on
Exhibit A , as revised from time to time.

“ Tier I Payout ”
shall mean the first date, if any, at which all of the Capital
Members shall have received cumulative distributions in respect of
their Company Interests (whether as distributions from the Company,
as payment for the exchange, purchase or redemption of
such
 
12


Company Interests, or in connection with any
merger or other combination of the Company with another Person)
equal to their cumulative Capital Contributions to the Company
multiplied by (1.08)n, where “n” is equal to the
Weighted Average Capital Contribution Factor determined as of the
date of such distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, any
distribution made prior to the Tier I Payout, if any, that is
subtracted from such contributions shall be first increased by the
exponent for purposes of the payout calculation by multiplying such
distribution by (1.08)m, where “ m ” is equal to
the number of years between the distribution and the Tier I Payout
(with a partial year being expressed as a decimal determined by
dividing the number of days which have passed since the most recent
anniversary by 365).

“ Tier I Percentage
” shall mean 20%, which percentage shall be allocated to the
Tier I Members in proportion to the Tier I Units held by the Tier I
Members as set forth on Exhibit A , as revised from time to
time, including any revisions to reflect any Transfer of Tier I
Units by the Tier I Members made in accordance with the terms of
the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement and this
Agreement.

“ Tier I Subsequent
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(a)(i) .

“ Tier I Units ”
shall mean Tier I Units representing Company Interests in the
Company entitled to receive the Tier I Percentage and with the
other rights and obligations specified in this
Agreement.

“ Tier II Distribution
Amount ” shall mean the aggregate amount of distributions
after the occurrence of Tier II Payout or, if Tier II Payout does
not occur, Tier I Payout and prior to the occurrence of Tier III
Payout.

“ Tier II Members
” shall mean the Members holding Tier II Units as set forth
on Exhibit A , as revised from time to time.

“ Tier II Payout
” shall mean the first date, if any, at which all of the
Capital Members shall have received cumulative distributions in
respect of their Company Interests (whether as distributions from
the Company, as payment for the exchange, purchase or redemption of
such Company Interests, or in connection with any merger or other
combination of the Company with another Person) equal to their
cumulative Capital Contributions to the Company multiplied by
(1.20)n, where “n” is equal to the Weighted Average
Capital Contribution Factor determined as of the date of such
distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, any distribution made
prior to the Tier II Payout, if any, that is subtracted from such
contributions shall be first increased by the exponent for purposes
of the payout calculation by multiplying such distribution by
(1.20)m, where “ m ” is equal to the number of
years between the distribution and the Tier II Payout (with a
partial year being expressed as a decimal determined by dividing
the number of days which have passed since the most recent
anniversary by 365).

“ Tier II Percentage
” shall mean 5%, which percentage shall be allocated to the
Tier II Members in proportion to the Tier II Units held by the Tier
II Members as set forth on Exhibit A , as revised from time
to time, including any revisions to reflect any Transfer of Tier II
Units by the Tier II Members made in accordance with the terms of
the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement and this
Agreement.
 
13



“ Tier II Subsequent
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(a)(ii) .

“ Tier II Units ”
shall mean Tier II Units representing Company Interests in the
Company entitled to receive the Tier II Percentage and with the
other rights and obligations specified in this
Agreement.

“ Tier III Distribution
Amount ” shall mean the aggregate amount of distributions
after the occurrence of Tier III Payout and prior to the occurrence
of Tier IV Payout.

“ Tier III Members
” shall mean the Members holding Tier III Units as set forth
on Exhibit A , as revised from time to time.

“ Tier III Payout
” shall mean the first date, if any, at which all of the
Capital Members shall have received cumulative distributions in
respect of their Company Interests (whether as distributions from
the Company, as payment for the exchange, purchase or redemption of
such Company Interests, or in connection with any merger or other
combination of the Company with another Person) equal to two times
(2.0x) their cumulative Capital Contributions to the
Company.

“ Tier III Percentage
” shall mean 5%, which percentage shall be allocated to the
Tier III Members in proportion to the Tier III Units held by the
Tier III Members as set forth on Exhibit A , as revised from
time to time, including any revisions to reflect any Transfer of
Tier III Units by the Tier III Members made in accordance with the
terms of the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement and this
Agreement.

“ Tier III Subsequent
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(a)(iii) .

“ Tier III Units
” shall mean Tier III Units representing Company Interests in
the Company entitled to receive the Tier III Percentage and with
the other rights and obligations specified in this
Agreement.

“ Tier IV Distribution
Amount ” shall mean the aggregate amount of distributions
after the occurrence of Tier IV Payout and prior to the occurrence
of Tier V Payout.

“ Tier IV Members
” shall mean the Members holding Tier IV Units as set forth
on Exhibit A , as revised from time to time.

“ Tier IV Payout
” shall mean the first date, if any, at which all of the
Capital Members shall have received cumulative distributions in
respect of their Company Interests (whether as distributions from
the Company, as payment for the exchange, purchase or redemption of
such Company Interests, or in connection with any merger or other
combination of the Company with another Person) equal to two and
one half times (2.5x) their cumulative Capital Contributions to the
Company.
 
14



“ Tier IV Percentage
” shall mean 5%, which percentage shall be allocated to the
Tier IV Members in proportion to the Tier IV Units held by the Tier
IV Members as set forth on Exhibit A , as revised from time
to time, including any revisions to reflect any Transfer of Tier IV
Units by the Tier IV Members made in accordance with the terms of
the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement and this
Agreement.

“ Tier IV Subsequent
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(a)(iv) .

“ Tier IV Units ”
shall mean Tier IV Units representing Company Interests in the
Company entitled to receive the Tier IV Percentage and with the
other rights and obligations specified in this
Agreement.

“ Tier V Distribution
Amount ” shall mean the aggregate amount of distributions
after the occurrence of Tier V Payout.

“ Tier V Members
” shall mean the Members holding Tier V Units as set forth on
Exhibit A , as revised from time to time.

“ Tier V Payout ”
shall mean the first date, if any, at which all of the Capital
Members shall have received cumulative distributions in respect of
their Company Interests (whether as distributions from the Company,
as payment for the exchange, purchase or redemption of such Company
Interests, or in connection with any merger or other combination of
the Company with another Person) equal to three times (3.0x) their
cumulative Capital Contributions to the Company.

“ Tier V Percentage
” shall mean 5%, which percentage shall be allocated to the
Tier V Members in proportion to the Tier V Units held by the Tier V
Members as set forth on Exhibit A , as revised from time to
time, including any revisions to reflect any Transfer of Tier V
Units by the Tier V Members made in accordance with the terms of
the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement and this
Agreement.

“ Tier V Subsequent
Units ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.4(a)(i) .

“ Tier V Units ”
shall mean Tier V Units representing Company Interests in the
Company entitled to receive the Tier V Percentage and with the
other rights and obligations specified in this
Agreement.

“ Transaction Documents
” shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the Voting and
Transfer Restriction Agreement and all other agreements, documents
or instruments executed in conjunction with, or relation to, any of
the foregoing.

“ Transfer ,” or
any derivation thereof, shall mean any sale, assignment,
conveyance, mortgage, pledge, granting of security interest in, or
other disposition of a Company Interest or any asset of the
Company, as the context may require.
 
15



“ Treasury Regulations
” shall mean regulations promulgated by the United States
Treasury Department under the Internal Revenue Code.

“ Unit ” shall
mean a unit of a membership interest in the Company representing,
as the context shall require, any Company Interest and/or an
Incentive Unit, as well as any other class or series of Units
created pursuant to Section 3.2 . No Units will be
issued to the Members for Capital Contributions after the date
hereof; provided that the Board of Managers may subsequently
amend this Agreement to provide for an issuance of Units for
Capital Contributions in its sole discretion.

“ Unrealized Gain
” attributable to (a) any item of Company property shall
mean, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of
(i) the fair market value of such property as of such date
over (ii) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date
(prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section
7.1(b)(vi) as of such date), and (b) any Company
Obligation shall mean, as of any date of determination, the excess,
if any, of (i) the Carrying Value of such Obligation as of
such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(vi) , as of such date) over (ii) the
Gross Liability Value of such Obligation as of such
date.

“ Unrealized Loss
” attributable to (a) any item of Company property shall
mean, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of
(i) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date (prior
to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(vi)
, as of such date) over (ii) the fair market value of such
property as of such date, and (b) any Company Obligation shall
mean, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, of
(i) the Gross Liability Value of such Obligation as of such
date over (ii) the Carrying Value of such Obligation as of
such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(vi) as of such date).

“ Voting and
Transfer Restriction Agreement ” shall mean that
certain Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement dated as of the
date hereof among the Company and the Members.

“ Weighted Average Capital
Contribution Factor ” shall mean as of any date of
calculation, a weighted average equal to the sum of the amounts
determined for each date on which Capital Contributions have been,
or have been deemed, funded (as set forth on Exhibit A )
calculated as the product of (a) the percentage of the total
Capital Commitments funded on each date, times (b) the number
of years from the date of each Capital Contribution until the date
of such calculation (with a partial year being expressed as a
decimal determined by dividing the number of days which have passed
since the most recent anniversary by 365).

“ WildHorse Member
” shall mean any of Anthony Bahr, Jay Graham, Paul Eschete,
Michael Sherwood, Steve Eckerman, Gary Smith, Steve Habachy and
Terence Lynch, each of whom is a Member of the Company, and any
successor(s) thereto or assignee(s) thereof that shall become a
substituted Member of the Company pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and “ WildHorse Members ” shall
collectively mean all of such Persons and any additional Members
that are or may become Employees and are admitted after the date
hereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
 
16



“ WRDC ” means
WildHorse Resources Development Corporation, a Delaware
corporation.

Any capitalized term used in this
Agreement but not defined in this Section 2.1 shall
have the meaning assigned to such term elsewhere in this
Agreement.

Section 2.2. References and
Titles . All references in this Agreement to articles,
sections, subsections and other subdivisions refer to corresponding
articles, sections, subsections and other subdivisions of this
Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles appearing at
the beginning of any of such subdivisions are for convenience only
and shall not constitute part of such subdivisions and shall be
disregarded in construing the language contained in such
subdivisions. The words “this Agreement,”
“herein,” “hereof,” “hereby,”
“hereunder” and words of similar import refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless
expressly so limited. Pronouns in masculine, feminine and neuter
genders shall be construed to include any other gender, and words
in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and
vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The word
“including” (in its various forms) means including
without limitation.

ARTICLE III

CAPITALIZATION AND
UNITS

Section 3.1. Capital
Contributions of Members .

(a) As of the date hereof, each
Member has contributed, or is deemed to have contributed, Capital
Contributions to the Company in the amounts and on the dates set
forth on Exhibit A . No Member shall be obligated to make
any additional Capital Contributions to the Company.

Section 3.2. Issuances of
Additional Securities .

(a) The Company may not issue
additional Company Interests, or classes or series thereof, or
options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating thereto,
or any other type of equity security without the prior written
consent of the Board of Managers.

Section 3.3. Return of
Contributions . No interest shall accrue on any contributions
to the capital of the Company, and no Member shall have the right
to withdraw or to be repaid any capital contributed by such Member
except as otherwise specifically provided in this
Agreement.

Section 3.4. Incentive
Interests .

(a) The following Incentive Units
are hereby created and are hereby granted to the Persons and in the
respective amounts set forth on Exhibit A , subject to the
adjustments provided for in this Section 3.4
:

(i) 1,000,000 “ Tier I
Units ,” of which a certain number of such Tier I Units
may be granted to Employees after the date of this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 3.4 (the “ Tier I
Subsequent Units ”);
 
17



(ii) 1,000,000 “ Tier II
Units ,” of which a certain number of such Tier II Units
may be granted to Employees after the date of this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 3.4 (the “ Tier II
Subsequent Units ”);

(iii) 1,000,000 “ Tier III
Units ,” of which a certain number of Tier III Units may
be granted to Employees after the date of this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 3.4 (the “ Tier III Subsequent
Units ”);

(iv) 1,000,000 “ Tier IV
Units ,” of which a certain number of Tier IV Units may
be granted to Employees after the date of this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 3.4 (the “ Tier IV Subsequent
Units ”); and

(v) 1,000,000 “ Tier V
Units ,” of which a certain number of such Tier V Units
may be granted to Employees after the date of this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 3.4 (the “ Tier V
Subsequent Units ”).

To the extent not so granted, the
remaining Incentive Units are available for future grants by the
Board to Employees in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The Company and each Member intend to treat any interest
attributable to a holder of Incentive Units as a separate
“profits interest” within the meaning of Rev. Proc.
93-27, 1993-2 C.B. 343. In accordance with Rev. Proc. 2001-43,
2001-2 C.B. 191, the Company shall treat a holder of such Incentive
Units as the owner of such profits interest from the date it is
granted, and shall file its IRS Form 1065, and issue an appropriate
Schedule K-1 to such holder of Incentive Units, allocating to such
holder of Incentive Units its distributive share of all items of
income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit associated with such
profits interest as if it were fully vested. Each such holder of
Incentive Units agrees to take into account such distributive share
in computing its federal income tax liability for the entire period
during which it holds such profits interest. The undertakings
contained in this Section 3.4(a) shall be construed in
accordance with Section 4 of Rev. Proc. 2001-43. The
provisions of this Section 3.4(a) shall apply regardless of
whether or not the holder of a profits interest files an election
pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

The Incentive Units are issued in
consideration of services rendered and to be rendered by the
holders for the benefit of the Company in their capacities as
Employees. To the extent provided for in Treasury Regulations,
revenue rulings, revenue procedures and/or other Internal Revenue
Service guidance issued after the date hereof, the Tax Matters
Member acting on behalf of the Company is hereby specifically
authorized and directed to elect a safe harbor implementing the
concepts articulated in Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-43,
2005-1 C.B. 1221, under which the fair market value of the
Incentive Units received by any Member for services (the “
Service Interests ”) granted after the effective date
of such Treasury Regulations (or other guidance) will be treated as
equal to the liquidation value of such Service Interests (i.e., a
value equal to the total amount that would be distributed under
Section 8.3(b) with respect to such Service Interests in a
Hypothetical Liquidation occurring immediately after the issuance
of such Service Interests and assuming for purposes of such
Hypothetical Liquidation that all assets of the Company are sold
for their fair market values). If the Company makes a safe harbor
election as described in the preceding sentence, the Company and
each Member will comply with all safe harbor requirements with
respect to Transfers of the Service Interests while the
safe
 
18


harbor election remains effective. For purposes
hereof, “ Hypothetical Liquidation ” means, as
of any date, a hypothetical liquidation of the Company as of such
date, assuming for purposes of any such hypothetical liquidation
(i) that a sale of all of the assets of the Company occurs at
prices equal to their respective fair market values as of such date
and (ii) the net proceeds of such sale are distributed to the
Members pursuant to Section 8.3(b) , but only after the
payment of all actual Company indebtedness, and any other
liabilities related to the Company’s assets, limited, in the
case of the hypothetical payment of non-recourse liabilities, to
the collateral securing or otherwise available to satisfy such
liabilities.

(b) The Incentive Units are
non-voting and subject to vesting as set forth herein and on
Exhibit B hereto and are subject to forfeiture, and
termination as follows:

(i) (A) The Tier I Units held
by each Employee shall vest in accordance with Exhibit B
hereto.

(B) The Tier II Units held by each
Employee shall vest in accordance with Exhibit B
hereto.

(C) The Tier III Units held by each
Employee shall vest only upon and concurrently with the occurrence
of Tier III Payout.

(D) The Tier IV Units held by each
Employee shall vest only upon and concurrently with the occurrence
of Tier IV Payout.

(E) The Tier V Units held by each
Employee shall vest only upon and concurrently with the occurrence
of Tier V Payout.

(ii) All Incentive Units that have
not yet vested in accordance with the vesting requirements set
forth herein and on Exhibit B and that are held by a Person
who is an Employee will automatically, without any action required
of any Person, be forfeited and thereby become null and void, if
and when such Person’s status as an Employee is terminated
for any reason or without reason, except as a result of death or
disability, and any vested, unforfeited Incentive Units held by
such Person shall, upon such termination, remain non-voting and
shall not be counted in the determination of a Majority Interest of
the Members. If such Person’s status as an Employee is
terminated by reason of death or disability, any Tier I Units or
Tier II Units that would have become vested within 12 months of
such termination shall automatically vest upon such termination,
and any unvested Tier III Units, Tier IV Units or Tier V Units held
by such Person will automatically, without any action required of
any Person, be forfeited and thereby become null and void upon such
termination.

(iii) Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, all Incentive Units held by a Person who
is an Employee (regardless of whether vested or unvested) shall
automatically be forfeited and thereby become null and void if and
when such Person’s status as an Employee is
terminated:
 
19



(A) for “ cause
,” which shall mean by reason of such holder’s:
(I) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, any
felony or to any crime or offense causing substantial harm to the
Company or its Affiliates or involving acts of theft, fraud,
embezzlement, moral turpitude, or similar conduct,
(II) repeated intoxication by alcohol or drugs during the
performance of such holder’s duties in a manner that
materially and adversely affects the holder’s performance of
such duties, (III) malfeasance, in the conduct of such
holder’s duties, including, but not limited to,
(1) misuse or diversion of funds of the Company or its
Affiliates, (2) embezzlement, or (3) material
misrepresentations or concealments on any written reports submitted
to the Company or its Affiliates, (IV) material violation of
any provision of the Voting and Transfer Restriction Agreement or
(V) material failure to perform the duties of such
holder’s employment or service relationship with the Company
or its Affiliates, or material failure to follow or comply with the
reasonable and lawful written directives of the Board of Managers
or the managers or directors of a Company Affiliate by which such
holder is employed or in a service relationship with, in either
case after the holder shall have been informed, in writing, of such
material failure and given a period of not less than 60 days to
remedy the same; or

(B) by such Employee’s
resignation or early termination of service relationship by such
Employee (other than as a result of death or
disability).

(iv) The Company in its sole
discretion, taking into account such factors as it determines from
time to time, may issue Tier I Subsequent Units, Tier II Subsequent
Units, Tier III Subsequent Units, Tier IV Subsequent Units and Tier
V Subsequent Units (collectively, “ Subsequent Units
”). Upon issuance of any Subsequent Units of a given Tier,
such Units may, at the election of the Board, have a benchmark
value equal to the fair market value of the assets of the Company,
net of debt, on the date of grant, as determined in good faith by
the Board, and will be entitled to participate in those
distributions allocated to the Units of that Tier pursuant to
Section 4.4(a) or Section 8.3(b) , as the case may
be, only after holders of all the Units that were outstanding on
the date of grant (the “ Pre-existing Units ”
and, when referring solely to Pre-existing Units that are Incentive
Units, the “ Pre-existing Incentive Units ”)
have received distributions pursuant to Section 4.4(a) or
Section 8.3(b) , as the case may be, in the aggregate equal
to the benchmark value (such limitation on distributions, the
“ Benchmark Value Payout ”). Holders of
Pre-existing Incentive Units of a given Tier will continue to be
entitled to receive all of the profit distributions payable with
respect to the Incentive Units of that Tier pursuant to Section
4.4(a) or Section 8.3(b) , as the case may be, until the
applicable Benchmark Value Payout occurs, at which time future
distributions will be shared among the holders of the Pre-existing
Incentive Units in that Tier and the holders of Subsequent Units in
that Tier pro-rata.

(c) If any Incentive Units are
forfeited pursuant to Section 3.4(b)(ii) or Section
3.4(b)(iii) , then such forfeited Incentive Units shall be
available to be re-granted, as determined by the Board, in the form
of newly awarded, newly issued Incentive Units in the same Tier and
in the same amount as the forfeited Incentive Units (any such
re-granted Incentive Units, “ Re-grant Incentive Units
”), subject to the following terms and conditions:

(i) each Re-grant Incentive Unit in
a given Tier may, at the election of the Board, have a benchmark
value equal to the fair market value of the assets of the Company,
net of debt, on the date of grant, as determined in good faith by
the Board, and will be entitled to participate in distributions
made to holders of the Incentive Units of that Tier pursuant to
Section 4.4(a) or Section 8.3(b) , as the case may
be, only after holders of all the Units that were outstanding on
the date of such re-grant (the “ Pre-grant Units
” and, when referring solely to the Pre-grant Units that are
Incentive Units, the “ Pre-grant Incentive Units
”) have received distributions in the aggregate equal to the
benchmark value (such limitation on distributions, the “
Benchmark Value Re-grant Payout ”); and
 
20



(ii) following issuance of such
Re-grant Incentive Units in a given Tier, holders of Pre-grant
Incentive Units of that Tier will continue to be entitled to
receive all of the distributions payable with respect to the
Incentive Units of that Tier pursuant to Section 4.4(a) or
Section 8.3(b) , as the case may be, until the applicable
Benchmark Value Re-grant Payout occurs, at which time future
distributions will be shared among the holders of the Pre-grant
Incentive Units and the Re-grant Incentive Units in that Tier
pro-rata.

(d) If all of the Incentive Units
available hereunder have not been granted to Employees before the
earlier of (i) a Fundamental Change, or (ii) a payout
event for the corresponding series of Incentive Units (e.g., a Tier
I Payout for Tier I Units), then in such case such available Tier
I, Tier II, Tier III, Tier IV, Tier V or the applicable Subsequent
Units, as the case may be, shall automatically, without any action
required of any Person, be cancelled. The Board shall reflect all
changes contemplated by this Section 3.4(d) in an amended
Exhibit A .

(e) Upon any forfeiture or other
termination of Incentive Units and upon any issuance of Re-grant
Incentive Units resulting therefrom, the Company shall amend
Exhibit A to reflect such occurrence. In the case of the
issuance of Re-grant Incentive Units in lieu of such forfeited
Units, the Tier I, II, III, IV or V Percentages will not be reduced
as a result of such forfeiture, but appropriate notation shall be
made to reflect the issuance of the Re-grant Incentive Units. The
Board shall reflect all changes contemplated by this Section
3.4(e) in an amended Exhibit A .

ARTICLE IV

ALLOCATIONS AND
DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 4.1. Allocations of
Net Profits and Net Losses .

(a) After giving effect to the
allocations under Sections 4.2 and 7.1(b)(iv) , Net
Profits and Net Losses and all related items of income, gain, loss,
deduction and credit for each Fiscal Period shall be allocated
among the Members in such manner as shall cause the Capital
Accounts of each Member to equal, as nearly as possible,
(i) the amount such Member would receive if all assets on hand
at the end of such year were sold for cash at the Carrying Values
of such assets, all liabilities were satisfied in cash in
accordance with their terms (limited in the case of Member
Nonrecourse Debt and Company Nonrecourse Liabilities to the
Carrying Value of the assets securing such liabilities), and any
remaining or resulting cash was distributed to the Members under
Section 4.4(a) , minus (ii) an amount equal to such
Member’s allocable share of Minimum Gain as computed
immediately prior to the deemed sale described in clause
(i) above in accordance with the applicable Treasury
Regulations, and minus (iii) the amount any such Member is
treated as obligated to contribute to the Company, computed
immediately after the deemed sale described in clause
(i) above.
 
21



(b) The Board shall make the
foregoing allocations as of the last day of each Fiscal Period;
provided , however , that if during any Fiscal Period
of the Company there is a change in any Member’s Company
Interest, the Board shall make the foregoing allocations as of the
date of each such change in a manner which takes into account the
varying interests of the Members and in a manner the Board
reasonably deems appropriate.

Section 4.2. Special
Allocations .

(a) Notwithstanding any of the
provisions of Section 4.1 to the contrary:

(i) If during any Fiscal Period of
the Company there is a net increase in Minimum Gain attributable to
a Member Nonrecourse Debt that gives rise to Member Nonrecourse
Deductions, each Member bearing the economic risk of loss for such
Member Nonrecourse Debt shall be allocated items of Company
deductions and losses for such period (consisting first of cost
recovery or depreciation deductions with respect to property that
is subject to such Member Nonrecourse Debt and then, if necessary,
a pro-rata portion of the Company’s other items of deductions
and losses, with any remainder being treated as an increase in
Minimum Gain attributable to Member Nonrecourse Debt in the
subsequent period) equal to such Member’s share of Member
Nonrecourse Deductions, as determined in accordance with applicable
Treasury Regulations.

(ii) If for any Fiscal Period of the
Company there is a net decrease in Minimum Gain attributable to
Company Nonrecourse Liabilities, each Member shall be allocated
items of Company income and gain for such period (consisting first
of gain recognized from the Transfer of Company property subject to
one or more Company Nonrecourse Liabilities and then, if necessary,
a pro-rata portion of the Company’s other items of income and
gain, and if necessary, for subsequent periods) equal to such
Member’s share of such net decrease (except to the extent
such Member’s share of such net decrease is caused by a
change in debt structure with such Member commencing to bear the
economic risk of loss as to all or part of any Company Nonrecourse
Liability or by such Member contributing capital to the Company
that the Company uses to repay a Company Nonrecourse Liability), as
determined in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations.
Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated to the Members as
determined by the Board, to the extent permitted by the Treasury
Regulations.

(iii) If for any Fiscal Period of
the Company there is a net decrease in Minimum Gain attributable to
a Member Nonrecourse Debt, each Member bearing the economic risk of
loss for such Member Nonrecourse Debt shall be allocated items of
Company income and gain for such period (consisting first of gain
recognized from the Transfer of Company property subject to Member
Nonrecourse Debt, and then, if necessary, a pro-rata portion of the
Company’s other items of income and gain, and if necessary,
for subsequent periods) equal to such Member’s share of such
net decrease (except to the extent such Member’s share of
such net decrease is caused by a change in debt structure such that
the Member Nonrecourse Debt becomes partially or wholly a Company
Nonrecourse Liability or by the Company’s use of capital
contributed by such Member to repay the Member Nonrecourse Debt) as
determined in accordance with applicable Treasury
Regulations.
 
22



(b) The Net Losses allocated
pursuant to this Article IV to a Member shall not exceed the
maximum amount of Net Losses that can be allocated to such Member
without causing or increasing a deficit balance in the
Member’s Adjusted Capital Account. All Net Losses in excess
of the limitation set forth in this Section 4.2(b) shall be
allocated to Members with positive Adjusted Capital Account
balances remaining at such time in proportion to such positive
balances.

(c) In the event that a Member
unexpectedly receives any adjustment, allocation or distribution
described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),
(5) or (6) that causes or increases a deficit balance in such
Member’s Adjusted Capital Account, items of Company income
and gain shall be allocated to that Member in an amount and manner
sufficient to eliminate the deficit balance as quickly as
possible.

(d) In the event that any Member has
a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account at the end of any
Allocation Period, such Member shall be allocated items of Company
gross income and gain in the amount of such deficit as quickly as
possible; provided that an allocation pursuant to this
Section 4.2(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that
such Member would have a deficit balance in its capital account
after all other allocations provided for in this Article IV
have been tentatively made as if Section 4.2(c) and this
Section 4.2(d) were not in this Agreement.

(e) If any holder of Incentive Units
forfeits all or a portion of such Units, such holder shall be
allocated items of loss and deduction in the year of such
forfeiture in an amount equal to the portion of such holder’s
Capital Account attributable to such forfeited Units.

(f) If, as a result of an exercise
of a noncompensatory warrant, a Capital Account reallocation is
required under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s)(3),
the Company shall make corrective allocations pursuant to Treasury
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(x).

(g) The allocations set forth in
subsections (a) through (c) of this Section 4.2
(collectively, the “ Regulatory Allocations ”)
are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Treasury
Regulations. It is the intent of the Members that, to the extent
possible, all Regulatory Allocations that are made be offset either
with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations
pursuant to this Section 4.2(g) . Therefore, notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Article IV (other than the
Regulatory Allocations), the Board shall make such offsetting
special allocations in whatever manner it determines appropriate so
that, after such offsetting allocations are made, the net amount of
allocations to each Member is, to the extent possible, equal to the
amount such Member would have been allocated if the Regulatory
Allocations were not part of the Agreement and all Company items
were allocated pursuant to Section 4.1 , the remaining
subsections of this Section 4.2 and Section
7.1(b)(iv) .

(h) In the event Units are issued to
a Person and the issuance


 








 


















LLC Operating Agreement, LLC Operating Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 137)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample LLC operating contracts or download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs. We have thousands of sample LLC operating agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable LLC operating contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample LLC operating contracts below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Operating Agreements 





	These LLC Operating Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND LLC | TRILINC ADVISORS, LLC | TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AND MEMBER CONTROL AGREEMENT OF GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLCParties: GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
3) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SPARTAN MERGER SUB 2, LLCParties: SURGICAL CARE AFFILIATES, INC. | Spartan Merger Sub 2, LLC | UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLCParties: CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. | Centennial Resource Development, Inc | CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF GK SERVICES, LLCParties: GK SERVICES INC | Cintas Corporation | GK Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
6) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC AUTHORIZING SERIES C CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED UNITSParties: SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC | Investor's Mark Acquisitions, LLC | SK Funding, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

7) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

16) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
17) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
18) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
19) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
20) Limited Liability Company Agreement of Donnelley Financial, LLCParties: DONNELLEY FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. | DF LLC | Donnelley Financial, LLC | R R Donnelley  Sons Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
22) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
23) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
24) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
25) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

26) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
27) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
28) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
30) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
31) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
32) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

33) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
34) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
35) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

36) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
37) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

38) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
39) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
40) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
41) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
42) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

43) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
44) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
45) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
46) Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT March 6, 2017Parties: BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | Morgan Stanley  Co LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Baker Botts
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
48) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM SOUTH TEXAS, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
49) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137 
 
 

 














Special Meetings Sample Clauses











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog








Related clauses
Special Meetings of ShareholdersSpecial Meetings of the BoardSpecial Meetings of the ShareholdersSpecial Meetings; NoticeSpecial MeetingRegular MeetingsMeetings of the MembersSpecial Meetings of the Board of DirectorsSpecial Meetings of the StockholdersMeeting of Members











Related Contracts:



Parent clauses
Meetings of StockholdersDirectorsBoard of DirectorsStockholdersShareholdersMeetings of ShareholdersStockholders MeetingsAmendment of Partnership Agreement Meetings Record DateMeetingsShareholders Meetings

Sub-clauses
GeneralStockholder-Requested Special MeetingsAffiliateCallCall of Special MeetingNotice of Special MeetingsNoticeNotice of Special MeetingQuorumConduct of Special Meeting

Follow Special Meetings clause.
Click to sign-up for email updates.

      Loading...
    



Special Meetings Sample Clauses


Home



Clauses


Special Meetings


 Share
  






















Link




Embed







 Download 

 PDF DOC Open with Google Docs



Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board or the president or any vice president or the secretary or any two directors. Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or facsimile, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at his or her address as it is shown upon the records of the corporation. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally, or by telephone or facsimile, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or facsimile at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated to either the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose of the meeting nor the place if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.
    

      Appears in 2612 contracts
Notice (Emcore Corp), 
Articles of Incorporation (American States Water Co), 
Certificate of Incorporation (ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES Corp),  See all 2612 variations →
 




Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute, may be called by the President or by the Board of Directors, and shall be called by the President at the request of the holders of not less than ten percent (10%) of all the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting.
    

      Appears in 1577 contracts
Certificate of Incorporation (Vista Outdoor Inc.), 
Articles of Incorporation (Digimarc CORP), 
Notice (Mercury Computer Systems Inc),  See all 1577 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the articles of incorporation, may be called by the president and shall be called by the president or secretary if requested in writing by the holders of not less than one-tenth (1/10) of all the shares entitled to vote at the meeting. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.
    

      Appears in 1259 contracts
Notice (Sunpower Corp), 
Certificate of Incorporation (Credo Petroleum Corp), 
Amendment (K12 Inc),  See all 1259 variations →
 




Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman of the board, president, or any two directors or, in the absence or disability of the president, by any vice-president. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the board of directors may fix any place, either within or without the state of incorporation, as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors called by them.
    

      Appears in 1011 contracts
Notice (Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.), 
Certificate of Incorporation (Entropic Communications Inc), 
Amendment (AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.),  See all 1011 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meetings of shareholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board or by a majority of the Board of Directors. At a special meeting, no business shall be transacted and no corporate action shall be taken other than that stated in the notice of the meeting.
    

      Appears in 877 contracts
Certificate of Incorporation (Installed Building Products, Inc.), 
Limited Liability Company Agreement (Duncan Energy Partners L.P.), 
Notice (Second Sight Medical Products Inc),  See all 877 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of Nevada whenever called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors.
    

      Appears in 584 contracts
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (KKR Financial Holdings LLC), 
Notice (Lowes Companies Inc), 
Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (Duke Energy Florida, Llc.),  See all 584 variations →
 


Special Meetings. A special meeting of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes whatsoever, unless prescribed by statute or by the articles of incorporation, may be called at any time by the president and shall be called by the president or secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the board of directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes at any such meeting. The request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting, the place where it is to be held and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president or the secretary of the corporation. The officer receiving such request forthwith shall cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
    

      Appears in 494 contracts
Limited Liability Company Agreement (NationsHealth, Inc.), 
Articles of Incorporation (Imperial Holdings, LLC), 
Notice (Fiserv Inc),  See all 494 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or two or more directors and may be held at any time and place, within or without the State of Delaware.
    

      Appears in 380 contracts
Notice (Active Power Inc), 
Amendment (Ormat Technologies, Inc.), 
Agreement and Plan of Merger (Stratasys Inc),  See all 380 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meeting of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman and shall be called by the Chairman upon request of any two (2) directors or the president of the corporation.
    

      Appears in 371 contracts
Notice (Verizon Communications Inc), 
Certificate of Incorporation (Applera Corp), 
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (Constellation Energy Group Inc),  See all 371 variations →
 


Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President or any two Directors on notice given to each Director, and such meetings shall be held at the principal business office of the Corporation or at such other place, either within or without the State of Nevada, as shall be specified in the notices thereof. The request shall state the date, time, place and purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.
    

      Appears in 371 contracts
Certificate of Incorporation (MyCause Beverages, Inc.)
Notice (Ocean Rover Llc)
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (Morgan Stanley Capital V) See all 371 variations →
 












×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








 

WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (NASDAQ:WRD) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (NASDAQ:WRD) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material...     SEC Filings  WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (NASDAQ:WRD) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -December 22, 2016 133  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (NASDAQ:WRD) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Item1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.


Registration Rights Agreement


In connection with the closing of the Offering, on December19,
2016, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement
(the Registration Rights Agreement) with WHR Holdings, LLC
(WildHorse Holdings), Esquisto Holdings, LLC (Esquisto Holdings),
WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC (Acquisition Co. Holdings and, together
with WildHorse Holdings and Acquisition Co. Holdings, the
Holders), NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., Jay Graham (he Companys Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Companys board of directors
(the Board)) and Anthony Bahr (the Companys President and a
member of the Board). to the Registration Rights Agreement, the
Company has agreed to register the sale of shares of Common Stock
under certain circumstances.


At any time after the 180 day lock-up period described in the
Prospectus and subject to the limitations set forth below, each
of the Holders (or its permitted transferees) will have the right
to require the Company by written notice to prepare and file a
registration statement registering the offer and sale of a
certain number of its shares of Common Stock. Generally, the
Company is required to provide notice of the request to certain
other holders of Common Stock who may, in certain circumstances,
participate in the registration. Subject to certain exceptions,
the Company will not be obligated to effect a demand registration
within 90 days after the closing of any underwritten offering of
shares of Common Stock. Further, the Company is not obligated to
effect more than a total of four demand registrations for each
Holder.


The Company will also not be obligated to effect any demand
registration in which the anticipated aggregate offering price
for Common Stock included in such offering is less than $30
million. Once the Company is eligible to effect a registration on
Form S-3, any such demand registration may be for a shelf
registration statement. The Company will be required to use
reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any such
registration statement until the earlier of (i)180 days (or two
years in the case of a shelf registration statement) after the
effective date thereof or (ii)the date on which all shares
covered by such registration statement have been sold (subject to
certain extensions).


In addition, each of the Holders (or its permitted transferees)
will have the right to require the Company, subject to certain
limitations, to effect a distribution of any or all of its shares
of Common Stock by means of an underwritten offering. In general,
any demand for an underwritten offering (other than the first
requested underwritten offering made in respect of a prior demand
registration and other than a requested underwritten offering
made concurrently with a demand registration) shall constitute a
demand request subject to the limitations set forth above.


Subject to certain exceptions, if at any time the Company
proposes to register an offering of Common Stock or conduct an
underwritten offering, whether or not for the Companys own
account, then the Company must notify each Holder (or its
permitted transferees), NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., Jay C. Graham
and Anthony Bahr of such proposal to allow them to include a
specified number of their shares of Common Stock in that
registration statement or underwritten offering, as applicable.


These registration rights are subject to certain conditions and
limitations, including the right of the underwriters to limit the
number of shares to be included in a registration and the
Companys right to delay or withdraw a registration statement
under certain circumstances. The Company will generally pay all
registration expenses in connection with its obligations under
the Registration Rights Agreement, regardless of whether a
registration statement is filed or becomes effective.


2


The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement,
which is attached as Exhibit10.1 to this Current Report on
Form8-K and incorporated in this Item1.01 by reference.


Stockholders Agreement


In connection with the closing of the Offering, on December19,
2016, the Company entered into a stockholders agreement (the
Stockholders Agreement) with the Holders. Among other things, the
Stockholders Agreement provides the right to designate nominees
to the Board as follows:







so long as the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own
greater than 50% of the Companys common stock in the
aggregate, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each
nominate up to three nominees to the Board;









so long as the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own
greater than 35% of the Companys common stock but less than
50% of the Companys common stock in the aggregate, WildHorse
Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate two nominees
to the Board;









so long as the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own
greater than 15% of the Companys common stock but less than
35% of the Companys common stock in the aggregate, WildHorse
Holdings and Esquisto Holdings can each nominate one nominee
to the Board and can nominate a third nominee by agreement
between them;









so long as the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own
greater than 5% but less than 15% of the Companys common
stock in the aggregate, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto
Holdings can each nominate one nominee to the Board; and









once the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own less
5% of the Companys common stock in the aggregate, WildHorse
Holdings and Esquisto Holdings will not have any board
designation rights.




to the Stockholders Agreement the Company and the Holders are
required to take all necessary actions, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law (including with respect to any
fiduciary duties under Delaware law), to cause the election of
the nominees designated by WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto
Holdings.


In addition, the Stockholders Agreement provides that for so long
as the Holders and their affiliates beneficially own at least 15%
of the outstanding shares of the Companys common stock in the
aggregate, WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings will have the
right to cause any committee of the Board to include in its
membership at least one director designated by WildHorse Holdings
or Esquisto Holdings, except to the extent that such membership
would violate applicable securities laws or stock exchange rules.
The rights granted to WildHorse Holdings and Esquisto Holdings to
designate directors are additive to and not intended to limit in
any way the rights that the Holders or any of their affiliates
may have to nominate, elect or remove the Companys directors
under the Governing Documents (as defined below) or the Delaware
General Corporation Law.


The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Stockholders Agreement, which
is filed as Exhibit10.2 to this Current Report on Form8-K and
incorporated in this Item1.01 by reference.


Credit Agreement


On December19, 2016, in connection with the closing of the
Offering, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit
Agreement) by and among the Company, as borrower, each of the
Companys existing subsidiaries, as guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders
party thereto (the Administrative Agent), BMO Harris Bank N.A.,
as syndication agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC,
Citibank, N.A., Comerica Bank and ING Capital LLC, as
co-documentation agents for the lenders party there to, and the
other lenders party thereto (together, the Lenders).


3


The Credit Agreement is a five-year, $1.0 billion revolving
credit facility with an initial borrowing base of $450.0 million
and aggregate elected commitments of $450.0 million. The
borrowing base is subject to scheduled redetermination on a
semi-annual basis, interim redetermination at the option of the
Company no more than twice in any year and interim
redetermination at the option of Lenders with more than 66.6% of
the loans and commitments under the Credit Agreement no more than
twice in any year. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are
secured by liens on substantially all of the Companys properties,
but in any event, not less than 85% (or 75% with respect to
certain properties prior to February2, 2017) of the total value,
as determined by the Administrative Agent, of the proved reserves
attributable to the Companys oil and natural gas properties using
a discount rate of 9%, all of the Companys equity interests in
any future guarantor subsidiaries and all of the Companys other
assets including personal property but excluding equity interests
in and assets of unrestricted subsidiaries.


Additionally, borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear
interest, at the Companys option, at either (i)the greatest of
(x)the prime rate as determined by the Administrative Agent,
(y)the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and (z)the
thirty-day adjusted LIBOR plus 1.0%, in each case, plus a margin
that varies from 1.25% to 2.25%per annum according to the total
commitments usage (which is the ratio of outstanding borrowings
and letters of credit to the least of the total commitments, the
borrowing base and the aggregate elected commitments then in
effect), (ii)the adjusted LIBO rate plus a margin that varies
from 2.25% to 3.25%per annum according to the total commitment
usage or (iii)the applicable LIBOR market index rate plus a
margin that varies from 2.25% to 3.25%per annum according to the
Companys total commitment usage. The unused portion of the total
commitments are subject to a commitment fee that varies from
0.375% to 0.50%per annum according to the Companys total
commitments usage.


The Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (x)a ratio
of total debt to EBITDAX (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of
not more than 4.00 to 1.00 and (y)a ratio of current assets
(including availability under the facility) to current
liabilities of not less than 1.00 to 1.00.


Additionally, the Credit Agreement contains various covenants and
restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit the
ability of the Company to incur additional debt, guarantees or
liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of
its assets; make certain investments, acquisitions or other
restricted payments; modify certain material agreements; engage
in certain types of transactions with affiliates; dispose of
assets; incur commodity hedges exceeding a certain percentage of
production; and prepay certain indebtedness.


Events of default under the Credit Agreement include, but are not
be limited to, failure to make payments when due, breach of any
covenant continuing beyond any applicable cure period, default
under any other material debt, change of control, bankruptcy or
other insolvency event and certain material adverse effects on
the Companys business.


The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement, which is
filed as Exhibit10.3 to this Current Report on Form8-K and
incorporated in this Item1.01 by reference.


Transition Services Agreement


In connection with the closing of the Offering, on December19,
2016, the Company entered into a transition services agreement
(the Transition Services Agreement) with CH4 Energy IV, LLC,
PetroMax Operating Co., Inc. and Crossing Rocks Energy, LLC (each
an affiliate of Esquisto Holdings and, collectively, the Service
Providers), to which the Service Providers will provide certain
engineering, land, operating and financial services to the
Company for six months relating to the Companys Eagle Ford
acreage. In exchange for such services, the Company will pay a
monthly management fee to the Service Providers. The Service
Providers do not have a termination right under the Transition
Services Agreement. The Company may terminate the Transition
Services Agreement at any time by providing 30-days prior written
notice to the Service Providers. The Transition Services
Agreement may only be assigned by a party with each other partys
consent.


The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Transition Services Agreement,
which is filed as Exhibit10.4 to this Current Report on Form8-K
and incorporated in this Item1.01 by reference.


4


Relationships


As more fully described in the sections entitled Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the
Prospectus, the Company has 91,327,107 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. The board of managers of each of
WildHorse Holdings, Esquisto Holdings and Acquisition Co.
Holdings, which hold 21,200,084 shares, 38,755,266 shares and
2,563,266 shares of Common Stock, respectively, consist of
Mr.Graham (the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
the Board), Mr.Bahr (the Companys President and a member of the
Board), and Scott A. Gieselman, David W. Hayes and Tony R. Weber
(each of which is a member of the Board).


As a result of the relationships disclosed above, certain
individuals, including officers and directors of the Company,
serve as officers and/or directors of more than one of such other
entities.


Item2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Assets.


Master Contribution Agreement


As previously disclosed and as described in the Prospectus, on
December19, 2016, the Company completed the transactions
contemplated by the Master Contribution Agreement, dated
December12, 2016, among the Company and the other parties named
therein (the Master Contribution Agreement), to which the Company
issued an aggregate of 68,518,680 shares of its common stock in
exchange for the contributing parties contribution of the all of
the Companys assets in connection with the Companys initial
public offering. A description of the Master Contribution
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is included
in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed December16,
2016, which is incorporated by reference herein.


Burleson North Acquisition


On December19, 2016, in connection with the Offering, the Company
completed an acquisition of approximately 158,000 net acres of
oil and gas properties adjacent to the Companys Eagle Ford
acreage, as described in the Prospectus, from Clayton Williams
Energy, Inc. for a purchase price of $400.0 million in cash,
subject to customary purchase price adjustments, $45.0 million of
which was funded at signing by a subsidiary of the Company. The
Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Offering, along
with borrowings under the Credit Agreement, to fund the remaining
adjusted purchase price of $344.8 million.




Item2.03


Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an
Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a
Registrant.




The information provided in Item1.01 hereto under the heading
Credit Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item2.03.


Item3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.


As previously disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company agreed to
acquire from certain third parties approximately 7,500 net acres
in exchange shares of the Companys common stock. In connection
with the closing of the Offering, the Company issued an aggregate
of 1,308,427 shares of the Companys common stock to such
purchasers, with the number of shares being determined by
dividing the acquisition consideration value of approximately
$19.6 million by the price per share of common stock in the
Offering. The foregoing transaction was undertaken in reliance
upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933 by Section4(a)(2) thereof.


5


Item3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security
Holders.


The information provided in Item1.01 hereto under the headings
Registration Rights Agreement and Stockholders Agreement is
incorporated by reference into this Item3.03.


Item5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Changes in Fiscal Year.


Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation


On December19, 2016, in connection with the closing of the
Offering, the Company amended and restated its Certificate of
Incorporation (as amended and restated, the Certificate of
Incorporation), which was filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware on December19, 2016. A description of the
Certificate of Incorporation is contained in the section of the
Prospectus entitled Description of Capital Stock and is
incorporated herein by reference.


The foregoing description and the description contained in the
Prospectus are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the Certificate of Incorporation, which is filed as
Exhibit3.1 to this Current Report on Form8-K and is incorporated
in this Item5.03 by reference.


Amended and Restated Bylaws


On December19, 2016, in connection with the closing of the
Offering, the Company amended and restated its Bylaws (as amended
and restated, the Bylaws and, together with the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Governing Documents). A description of the
Bylaws is contained in the section of the Prospectus entitled
Description of Capital Stock and is incorporated herein by
reference.


The foregoing description and the description contained in the
Prospectus are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the Bylaws, which is filed as Exhibit3.2 to this
Current Report on Form8-K and is incorporated in this Item5.03 by
reference.


Item9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(a)


The financial statements required by this item have been
previously reported by the Company in the Registration Statement.


(b)


The pro forma financial information required by this item has
been previously reported by the Company in the Registration
Statement.


(d) Exhibits.










Exhibit Number





Description









2.1



Master Contribution Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, by
and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the
other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Form 8-K filed on December 16,
2016).








3.1



Amended and Restated Certification of Incorporation of
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation.








3.2



Amended and Restated Bylaws of WildHorse Resource Development
Corporation, effective December 19, 2016.








10.1



Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016,
by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and
the stockholders named therein.








10.2



Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and
among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation and the
stockholders named therein.




6










Exhibit Number





Description









10.3



Credit Agreement, dated December19, 2016, by and among
WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, as Borrower,
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, the
Lenders party thereto and the other parties party thereto.








10.4



Transition Services Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016,
by and among WildHorse Resource Development Corporation, CH4
Energy IV, LLC, PetroMax Operating Co., Inc. and Crossing
Rocks Energy, LLC.








10.5



Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
WHR Holdings, LLC.








10.6



Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
WildHorse Investment Holdings, LLC.








10.7



Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
Esquisto Investment Holdings, LLC.








10.8



Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
WHE AcqCo Holdings, LLC.




7



 About WildHorse Resource Development Corporation (NASDAQ:WRD) 
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:WOR) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE:OKE) Files An 8-K Other Events    AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY (NYSE:AXP) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition     KCG Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:KCG) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure    KINDER MORGAN, INC. (NYSE:KMI-A) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:WOR) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE:OKE) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY (NYSE:AXP) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 KCG Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:KCG) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure 
 KINDER MORGAN, INC. (NYSE:KMI-A) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)  July 19, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37918LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1256Biotech Stocks1174Stock Market News1118Small Caps715Analyst Ratings608Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 






























