 




ART/ARCHITECTURE; A Passion That Began At the Water Hole - The New York Times






















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Arts|ART/ARCHITECTURE; A Passion That Began At the Water Hole







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Arts
| ART/ARCHITECTURE 
ART/ARCHITECTURE; A Passion That Began At the Water Hole

By RITA REIFJUNE 25, 2000



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









L. JOHN WILKERSON was 7 when he dug up a shiny stone arrowhead at a water hole near the family's small ranch in Elko, Nev. Collecting arrowheads remained a passion throughout his youth, spent among the children of ranchers and Shoshone Indians, and much later, when he returned from college to work summers as a cowboy and do research on the economics of raising cattle in the West. Yet he never dreamed that in finding that arrowhead at the water hole he had taken his first step toward becoming, 50 years later, the president of the Museum of American Folk Art in New York.Today, Mr. Wilkerson is a venture capitalist specializing in medical technology at Galen Associates, a New York firm of which he was a founding partner in 1995. (He had just sold the Wilkerson Group, a consulting firm on medical industry technology that he had started 20 years earlier, to I.B.M.) But he still owns the 60 stone arrowheads he amassed decades ago. ''The real jewels -- maybe 10 -- are long and skinny, shaped to travel the farthest,'' he said.These days, he and his wife, Barbara, are avid collectors with broader interests. Color-splashed barber poles, carousel carvings and apothecary chests enliven his office in Rockefeller Center. Boldly patterned aboriginal spirit paintings add graphic intensity to the interiors of their country home in Pennsylvania. Late-20th-century abstract sculpture fills the gardens of their home in New Jersey, while American folk art reigns supreme indoors.As the Wilkersons acquired folk art, they met other collectors at, among other places, the Museum of American Folk Art. Mr. Wilkerson became a trustee in 1994, became treasurer in 1996 and late last year was elected board president, replacing Ralph Esmerian, a pre-eminent collector of American folk art, who had been president since 1979. (He remains as board chairman.) Mr. Esmerian had helped Robert Bishop, then the director, guide the institution through turbulent times. Under their leadership, it grew from a one-room museum with a collection of 184 objects, and deeply in debt, to a formidable institution with many masterpieces among its 4,000 objects. It organizes exhibitions that travel throughout the world, and, under its current director, Gerard C. Wertkin, it is building a $22 million museum on West 53rd Street, due to open late next year.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Wilkerson hopes to build on the success of his predecessors, placing even more emphasis on the business aspects of the museum. ''For the last 20 years, the leadership at the museum had focused 75 percent on its collections and curatorial activities and 25 percent on its business management,'' he said. ''Today with everything we have on our plate -- the building going up and an endowment being planned for major acquisitions -- it is a more balanced equation, 50-50.'' Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





The Wilkersons are already involved in the museum in other ways, lending pieces for exhibitions. Their 9-foot-long ''Angel Gabriel'' weathervane was hard to miss in the museum's show marking the millennium. And they have many articles that may be exhibited in the future. Their other weathervanes -- in the shape of horses, cows, angels and American Indians -- hang floor to ceiling in the entrance hall of their home. Pennsylvania German cabbage cutters, embellished with cutouts of hearts and hands, cover a wall in the kitchen. And painted furniture, shop signs, trade figures and watercolors are spread throughout the rest of the house. In this crowded environment, you have to look closely to see the complexity in the haunted Munchlike expression in a woman's face in a gouache by Bill Traylor.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Mrs. Wilkerson had a head start on her husband as a folk-art collector: she bought her first piece -- an 1880's cherry end table -- when she was 14. But he proved a fast learner, succumbing quickly to the easy charm, optimism and diversity of folk art. They began collecting after they were married 33 years ago, and furnished their first home on a tight budget with painted chests, tables and a desk, paying less than $100 for most pieces. By the 1970's, they were buying decorative objects and weathervanes.The first vane they bought was by J. Howard & Co. of West Bridgewater, Mass. ''We knew he was our guy; his vanes were the most striking,'' Mr. Wilkerson said. ''In the 1980's, we decided that we would develop the most comprehensive collection of weathervanes by Howard. We've probably done just that -- nobody else would be so crazy.''Of the 57 vanes they own, 27 are by Howard, a competitor in the 1860's of the better-known manufacturers A. L. Jewell of Waltham, Mass., and J. W. Fiske of New York. Howard specialized in using zinc and copper to achieve a better balance in his vanes. And he made stepping horses of exceptional grace, while Jewell strove for more dynamic movement in his all-copper horses. This characteristic is seen in a Wilkerson treasure, a patinated flying horse by Jewell, its tail and mane borne high by the wind.The Wilkersons also realize that their involvement in the museum is having an impact on their collecting: they are trying to upgrade what they buy and to better document the pieces that they own. But their biggest problem as collectors, they say, is that they have never sold or given away anything from their collection. ''We can't seem to say goodbye,'' Mr. Wilkerson said. ''We have a lot to learn from the curators at the museum on how to fashion and continuously refine a collection.'' Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























L. John Wilkerson Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:31 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Galen Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
L. John   Wilkerson Ph.D.Founder and Senior Advisor, Galen PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 9 Board Members in 9 different organizations across 13 different industries.See Board Relationships74--
Background

		Dr. L. John Wilkerson, Ph.D., Co-Founded Galen Partners in 1990 and serves as its Senior Advisor. Dr. Wilkerson Co-Founded Galen Partners International, LP and Galen Partners, LP in 1990 and serves as its Managing Director. He is the Founder and Senior Advisor of Galen Partners III, L.P. Galen Partners V, L.P. He was the Co- Founder of Cognia Corporation. Dr. Wilkerson has focused on healthcare throughout his career, beginning as a Group Product Director for Ortho Diagnostics ... Inc. Prior to, Dr. Wilkerson joined Channing, Weinberg & Co., Inc. as a Senior Officer in 1980 and later purchased control of its Healthcare Consulting division to form The Wilkerson Group. Previously, he worked at Smith Barney Research as a Vice President specializing in medical device industry analysis and research. Earlier, Dr. Wilkerson worked as a Healthcare Security Analyst at White Weld & Co. till the time it was acquired by Merrill Lynch. He began his career as a Group Product Director at Otho Diagnostics Inc. He served as the Chairman of The Wilkerson Group. Dr. Wilkerson serves on the Board of Dow Pharmaceutical Sciences Inc., and TPS (d/b/a Advanced Pharmacy Services). He serves on the Boards of British Biotechnology PLC; Chemdex Corporation; TheraTx, Inc. and several of Galen Partners’s privately held portfolio companies. He serves as a Director at Cardiva, Quotient BioDiagnostics Holdings and TPS. He has been Director of SonaCare Medical since December 12, 2014. He has been a Non-Executive Director of Quotient Limited since February 2012. He served as Director of Essential Group, Inc. Dr. Wilkerson served as a Director of ParadigmHealth, Inc., Kindred Rehab Services, Inc., Cognia Corporation, Noven Therapeutics, LLC and MEDIQ Inc., since 1998. He served as Director of Stericycle Inc., since July 1992 until May 16, 2007. He served as Director of MedAssets, Inc. since June 1999 until August 20, 2007. He served as Director of NexPrise, Inc. He serves as a Member of Board of Advisors of EquipSystems, LLC, Burrill Life Sciences Capital Fund II, L.P., Burrill Biotechnology Capital Fund I, L.P. and Burrill Biotechnology Capital Fund II, L.P. Dr. Wilkerson is a Founder of the E.L. Rose Conservancy. He served as the President of the Museum of American Folk Art. He served as Director of iScribe, Inc. He is a Member of the Cornell University Council. Dr. Wilkerson serves as a Trustee of the Museum of American Folk Art and a Member of both the Corning University Council and Cornell Plantations. He served as Chairman of the College of Agricultural and Life Sciences Advisory Board. Dr. Wilkerson served as the Chairman of Atlantic Health Systems and the Harding Land Trust. He holds a Ph.D. degree from Cornell University where he specialized in Managerial Economics and Marketing Research. Dr. Wilkerson also holds a B.A. degree in Biological Sciences from Utah State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
680 Washington BoulevardStamford, Connecticut 06901United StatesPhone: 203-653-6400Fax: 203-653-6499
Board Members Memberships
DirectorCambrooke Therapeutics, Inc.DirectorSonaCare Medical, LLCNon-Executive DirectorQuotient Biodiagnostics Holdings LimitedDirectorRio Grande Neurosciences Inc.2012-PresentDirectorQuotient Limited
Education
PhD Cornell UniversityBA Utah State University
Other Affiliations
Essential Group, Inc.MEDIQ IncorporatedParadigmHealth, Inc.Stericycle, Inc.Kindred Rehab Services, Inc.iScribe, Inc.NexPrise, Inc.MedAssets, Inc.Cornell UniversityGalen Partners III, L.P.Burrill Biotechnology Capital Fund I, L.P.Burrill Biotechnology Capital Fund II, L.P.Utah State UniversityCambrooke Therapeutics, Inc.Cognia CorporationEquipSystems, LLCSonaCare Medical, LLCNoven Therapeutics, LLCBurrill Life Sciences Capital Fund II, L.P.Galen Partners V, L.P.Quotient Biodiagnostics Holdings LimitedQuotient LimitedRio Grande Neurosciences Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Galen Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Lyndsley E Wilkerson - Randolph, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Lyndsley E Wilkerson in Randolph, NJ


Lyndsley E Wilkerson

                                                                                       Intelius found that Lyndsley E Wilkerson  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Randolph, NJ.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Lyndsley E Wilkerson is in her 40s

Lyndsley Has Lived In

Randolph, NJ
Old Bridge, NJ
Wallingford, PA

Lyndsley's Relatives

Whitney Wilkerson
Barbara Wilkerson
John Wilkerson







Lyndsley E Wilkerson



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Lyndsley? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Lyndsley, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Lyndsley E Wilkerson
Get a Criminal Check on Lyndsley E Wilkerson
Get a Public Record Report on Lyndsley E Wilkerson
Get a People Search Report on Lyndsley E Wilkerson


Lyndsley E Wilkerson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Lyndsley E Wilkerson has lived as well as Lyndsley E Wilkerson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Lyndsley E Wilkerson Has Lived in 4 States
New Jersey Address for Lyndsley E Wilkerson


10 L******* R* 

Randolph, NJ


Has Lived In

Randolph, NJ
Old Bridge, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Lyndsley E Wilkerson

(973) ***-**** - New Vernon, NJ 
(973) ***-**** - Randolph, NJ 
(732) ***-**** - Old Bridge, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Lyndsley E Wilkerson



Get Email Report




Lyndsley E Wilkerson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Lyndsley E Wilkerson's academic history.  Find out which schools Lyndsley E Wilkerson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Lyndsley E Wilkerson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Lyndsley E Wilkerson Has Attended 2 Schools
Kent Place School 1988 – 1992                              
The Peck School               1980 – 1988                              


Lyndsley E Wilkerson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Lyndsley E Wilkerson


Lyndsley E Wilkerson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Lyndsley E Wilkerson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Lyndsley Wilkerson
Username Matches

                  LyndsleyWilkerson
                  WilkersonLyndsley
                  Lyndsley.Wilkerson
                  Wilkerson.Lyndsley
                  Lyndsley_Wilkerson
                  Wilkerson_Lyndsley
                  Lyndsley-Wilkerson
                  Wilkerson-Lyndsley
                  LWilkerson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Wilkerson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



























Tax-Exempt Organizations in New Jersey - Detailed Financial Reports, Statistics, Location - NonProfitFacts.com













NonProfitFacts.com - Tax-Exempt Organizations






Search tax-exempt organizations:








NonProfitFacts.com
» New Jersey

		

Tax-Exempt Organizations in New Jersey

« Back to Tax-Exempt Organizations

New Jersey
Organization names beginning with:
10-444-9191-AaAa-Ab
Ab-AcAc-AfAf-AgAg-AlAl
Al (2)Al (3)Al (4)Al-AmAm
Am (2)Am (3)Am (4)Am (5)Am (6)
Am (7)Am (8)Am (9)Am (10)Am (11)
Am-AnAnAn (2)An-ArAr
Ar-AsAsAs (2)As (3)As (4)
As (5)As-AtAt-AuAu-BB-Ba
BaBa (2)Ba-BeBeBe (2)
Be (3)Be (4)Be (5)Be (6)Be-Bi
Bi-BlBl-BnBn-BoBo-BrBr
Br (2)Br (3)Br-BuBuBu-Ca
CaCa (2)Ca (3)Ca (4)Ca (5)
Ca (6)Ca (7)Ca-CeCeCe (2)
Ce-ChChCh (2)Ch (3)Ch (4)
Ch (5)Ch (6)Ch (7)Ch (8)Ch-Ci
Ci-ClClCl-CoCoCo (2)
Co (3)Co (4)Co (5)Co (6)Co (7)
Co (8)Co (9)Co (10)Co (11)Co-Cr
CrCr-CyCy-DaDaDa (2)
Da-DeDeDe (2)De (3)De-Di
DiDi-DoDoDo-DrDr-Du
Du-EaEaEa-EdEdEd-Ei
Ei-ElElEl-EmEm-EnEn-Es
Es-EuEu-EwEw-FaFaFa (2)
Fa (3)Fa-FeFe-FiFiFi (2)
Fi-FlFl-FoFoFo-FrFr
Fr (2)Fr (3)Fr (4)Fr (5)Fr (6)
Fr (7)Fr (8)Fr (9)Fr (10)Fr-Fu
Fu-GaGaGa (2)Ga-GeGe
Ge-GiGi-GlGl-GoGoGo (2)
Go-GrGrGr (2)Gr (3)Gr-H
H-HaHaHa (2)Ha (3)Ha (4)
Ha (5)Ha-HeHeHe (2)He (3)
He-HiHiHi-HoHoHo (2)
Ho (3)Ho (4)Ho (5)Ho-HuHu
Hu-IbIb-IgIgIg-ImIm-In
InIn (2)In (3)In (4)In (5)
In (6)In (7)In (8)In (9)In-Io
Io-IsIs-ItIt-JaJaJa (2)
Ja (3)Ja-JeJeJe (2)Je (3)
Je-JiJi-JoJoJo (2)Jo (3)
Jo-JuJuJu-KaKa-KeKe
Ke-KfKg-KiKiKi-KlKl-Kn
KnKn (2)Kn (3)Kn-KoKo-La
LaLa (2)La (3)La (4)La-Le
LeLe (2)Le-LiLiLi (2)
Li (3)Li (4)Li (5)Li (6)Li-Lo
LoLo (2)Lo-LuLu-MaMa
Ma (2)Ma (3)Ma (4)Ma (5)Ma (6)
Ma (7)Ma (8)Ma (9)Ma-MeMe
Me (2)Me (3)Me-MiMiMi (2)
Mi (3)Mi (4)Mi-MmMm-MoMo
Mo (2)Mo (3)Mo (4)Mo (5)Mo (6)
Mo-MtMt-MuMu-MyMy-NaNa
Na (2)Na (3)Na (4)Na (5)Na (6)
Na-NeNeNe (2)Ne (3)Ne (4)
Ne (5)Ne (6)Ne (7)Ne (8)Ne (9)
Ne (10)Ne (11)Ne (12)Ne (13)Ne (14)
Ne (15)Ne (16)Ne (17)Ne (18)Ne (19)
Ne (20)Ne (21)Ne (22)Ne (23)Ne (24)
Ne (25)Ne (26)Ne (27)Ne (28)Ne (29)
Ne (30)Ne-NjNjNj-NoNo
No (2)No (3)No-OaOa-OcOc-Oh
Oh-OmOm-OpOp-OrOrOr-Ou
Ou-PaPaPa (2)Pa (3)Pa (4)
Pa (5)Pa (6)Pa-PePePe (2)
Pe-PhPh-PiPiPi-PlPl-Po
PoPo (2)Po-PrPrPr (2)
Pr (3)Pr (4)Pr-PtPtPt (2)
Pt (3)Pt (4)Pt (5)Pt (6)Pt-Qu
Qu-RaRaRa (2)Ra-ReRe
Re (2)Re (3)Re-RiRiRi (2)
Ri-RoRoRo (2)Ro (3)Ro (4)
Ro (5)Ro (6)Ro (7)Ro-RuRu
Ru (2)Ru (3)Ru-RyRy-SaSa
Sa (2)Sa (3)Sa-ScScSc-Se
SeSe-ShShSh (2)Sh-Si
SiSi (2)Si-SlSl-SoSo
So (2)So (3)So (4)So (5)So-Sp
SpSp (2)Sp-StStSt (2)
St (3)St (4)St (5)St (6)St-Su
SuSu-SySy-TaTa-TeTe
Te (2)Te-ThThTh (2)Th (3)
Th (4)Th (5)Th (6)Th (7)Th (8)
Th (9)Th (10)Th-TiTi-ToTo
To (2)To-TrTrTr (2)Tr (3)
Tr (4)Tr-TwTw-UkUk-UnUn
Un (2)Un (3)Un (4)Un (5)Un-Up
Up-VV-VeVeVe (2)Ve (3)
Ve-ViViVi (2)Vi-VyW-Wa
WaWa (2)Wa-WeWeWe (2)
We-WhWh-WiWiWi (2)Wi-Wo
WoWo (2)Wo (3)Wo-YaYa-Yl
Ym-YoYo-ZeZe-Zy

« Back to Tax-Exempt Organizations



			Based on public records. Inadvertent errors are possible.NonProfitFacts.com does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.  Use at your own risk.
			Some parts © 2017 Advameg, Inc.
		








    L. Wilkerson | Galen Partners Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee in New Vernon, New Jersey (NJ) - NonProfitFacts.com

















NonProfitFacts.com - Tax-Exempt Organizations






Search tax-exempt organizations:








NonProfitFacts.com
» New Jersey
» Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee

		


Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee in New Vernon, New Jersey (NJ)









Advertisements
















Table of contents:

Overview
Other organizations in New Jersey





Organization representatives - add corrected or new 
information about Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee
»First Name:Last Name:Your position at this organization:E-mail (will not be displayed publicly)   Phone: (will not be displayed publicly)Corrected or new information:  (50-4000 characters, will be displayed publicly)Type the code shown: Your IP address 35.194.128.189 will be logged.Non-representatives - add comments about Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee»




Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee
Employer Identification Number (EIN)386858806
Name of OrganizationWilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii
Secondary NameL John Wilkerson Ttee
AddressLong Hill Rd, New Vernon, NJ 07976
Activities4947(a)(2) trust
FoundationAll organizations except 501(c)(3)
Exempt Organization StatusTrust described in section 4947(a)(2) of the IR Code
Tax Period12/2010
Assets$0
Income$0
Filing Requirement990 - Not required to file (all other)
Asset Amount$5,363,416
Amount of Income$0
Form 990 Revenue Amount$0


Non-representatives - add comments:First Name:Last Name:E-mail (will not be displayed publicly)   Public comments:  (50-4000 characters)Type the code shown: Your IP address 35.194.128.189 will be logged.


Financial snapshot ($)









							Write your review!
						

















Your Ratings
You can rate this nonprofit in different categories from 1 star (worst) to 5 stars (best) or leave category unrated



Program:Fundraising:Expenses:Transparency: 




Your Review





						Please note that defamatory statements might be against the law. As soon as you visit any website, your IP address is available to that site.
					

						Would you recommend Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee to others? (optional)


 Yes					
							

						  
						

 No
							




						Add photo of Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee (optional)






About You



Your nickname:
 I have read, and agree to the Terms of Service






Optional Verification
(additional info to increase the weight and the placement of your review and ratings)







Log in»  |  
									Register - it's free and very quick!
















Real Name:
Email (won't be published):
Date and time of your visit to this nonprofit:
Phone number (won't be published):
Show my IP address (35.194.128.xxx) to everybody
 Leave your signature»


Clear






Make my signature public







Send Review!











 
Recently Added Reviews
Jersey Shore Baseball Association in Tuckerton, NJ 



Northeast Assamese Community Center in N Brunswick, NJ 



Beacon Of Hope Inc in Hainesport, NJ 


The Vet House Inc, Donald Salaam Pres in Newark, NJ 



National Society Colonial Dames Xvii Century, Rancocas Valley Chapter Cdxviic in Mt Laurel, NJ 



Amici - Italian-American Benevolent Association Inc in Shrewsbury, NJ 



Ocean Monmouth Legal Services Inc in Toms River, NJ 


New York Chinese Culture Salon Inc in Jersey City, NJ 



Tres Dias Of Northern New Jersey Inc in Westfield, NJ 



Honeywell Humanitarian Relief Foundation Inc in Morristown, NJ 





Other organizations in New Jersey
IdNameAddressStateEstablishedTotal Income
1Werner F Dahl Tr734 Clayton Ave, Bay Hard, NJ 08742-5305NJ$0
2West Cape May Business Association A Nj Nonprofit CorporationPo Box 661, Cape May, NJ 08204NJ2009-09$0
3West Paterson First Aid Squad Inc23 Rose Place, Woodland Park, NJ 07424NJ2014-06$0
4West Paterson Senior Citizens Social Club, Woodland Park Senior Citizens Social Club40 Vetrone Dr, Woodland Park, NJ 07424NJ1978-07$0
5Western Jersey Wheelmen12 Myers Lane, Stockton, NJ 08559NJ2001-01$0
6Wilbur L Lohrentz Charitable Remainder Annuity Trust 720c4600201 Plaza Two 7th Fl, Jersey City, NJ 07311-1100NJ$0
7Wild Brook Sportmen S Club Inc, Wildbrook Sportmen Club171 Taft Ave, Brick, NJ 08724-3263NJ1989-10$0
8Wiley Mission Pooled Income Fund99 E Main St, Marlton, NJ 08053-2122NJ$0
9Wiliam H Searles Charitable Remainder Unitrust 832c6800PO BOX 1501, Pennington, NJ 08534-0671NJ$0
10Wilkerson Charitable Remainder Tr No 2, Wilkerson L John TteeLong Hill Rd, New Vernon, NJ 07976NJ$0
11Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson TteeLong Hill Rd, New Vernon, NJ 07976NJ$0
12Wilkerson Fam Irrv Char Lead Tr 013092, Wilkerson L John TteeLong Hill Road, New Vernon, NJ 07976NJ$0
13William & Helen Close Charitable Remainder Annuity Tr 013196, Close William TteePO BOX 1501, Pennington, NJ 08534-0671NJ$0
14William & Mary Jane Cress Charitable Remainder UnitrustPO BOX 1501, Pennington, NJ 08534-0671NJ$0
15William A Jr & Joyce A Nelson Chrtbl Remainder Unitrust 844c4300, Nelson William A Jr & J A Co-TteesPO BOX 7107, Princeton, NJ 08543-7107NJ$0
16William A Schreyer Charitible Remainder UintrustPO BOX 1501, Pennington, NJ 08534-0671NJ$0
17William And Leita Hamill Charitable Lead Tr Fbo Lawrenceville School, William H B Hamill Jr Ttee47 Hulfish St Ste 500, Princeton, NJ 08542-3713NJ$0
18William B Moore Charitable Remainder Unitrust 100396PO BOX 1501, Pennington, NJ 08534-0671NJ$0
19William C Dackis Charitable Remainder Annuity Tr, Dackis William C & Elle Dackis Ttee352 Oxford Dr, Short Hills, NJ 07078-1929NJ$0
20William D Betts Charitable Remainder Unitrust, Betts William David Jr5 Black Oak Ln, Kinnelon, NJ 07405-2180NJ$0






			NonProfitFacts.com is not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee and has no official or unofficial affiliation with Wilkerson Fam Charitable Remainder Tr Iii, L John Wilkerson Ttee
		

			Based on public records. Inadvertent errors are possible.NonProfitFacts.com does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.  Use at your own risk.
			Some parts © 2017 Advameg, Inc.
		












   









Bill Williams





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













Bill Williams
 

Mr. Williams was president of Pyxis Corporation from 1996-1998. He joined Pyxis in 1988 as the second employee and its Vice President of Marketing and Sales.  Later he would serve as Vice-President of Sales and Sales Operations, Senior Vice-President, and Executive Vice-President. He was foundational to the early stage market research, strategic planning, organizational structure, product development, M & A activity, and capital formation of the company.  He was a central figure in the development of the Pyxis value based corporate culture and strong service oriented sales strategies.  He played a prominent role in guiding Pyxis to one of the nation’s most successful public offerings in 1992, and eventually a billion dollar merger with merger Cardinal Health, an S & P 500 company, in 1996.
Prior to joining Pyxis, Mr. Williams had twenty years of healthcare experience that included staff and line management positions with Johnson & Johnson, Zimmer USA, Howmedica, and DePuy, Inc.  During those years he was involved with the development and market introduction of numerous medical devices, capital goods, services, and software applications to the healthcare marketplace.  Responsibilities were primarily in the functional areas of marketing, sales, and sales operations/support.
He is the Founder and President of Faranhyll Foundation, Inc., whose charter is to foster value-based leadership in corporate life.  He is a frequent speaker and seminar leader addressing such topics as leadership, mentoring, marketing & sales strategies, and corporate culture development.  He is author of Wrestling with Destiny, a non-fictional book about to be published.
Personal
He graduated from The University of Missouri in 1970 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.  He married Kathy Williams in 1970.  They are the parents of two grown sons, Mark and Matthew, both of whom are married.  They have three grandchildren.
Board Affliations
Supply Pro, Inc.: 2000-2002

Automated point of use devices for inventory management in manufacturing.
CEO 2001-2002
Compensation Committee
Acquired Vertex Technologies
Revenue ramp to 5m in two years

Edix Corporation: 1993-1997

Automation systems for medical transcription. Merged with IDX Systems, a public company.
Investor
Compensation Committee

Computer Motion, Inc: 1994-1999

Robotic instrumentation for cardio-vascular surgery. Taken public in 1997.
Investor
Compensation Committee

Surx Corporation: 1997-2003

R/F technology for treatment of female incontinence.
Investor
Chairman, Compensation Committee
Audit Committee
Finalizing FDA approval process.

Intrusted, Inc.: 1995-1997

Information management s/w for healthcare.
Investor
Compensation Committee

Medvantx Corporation: 1999-current

Automated medication-dispensing systems for physician offices.
Compensation Committee

MD Everywhere: 2004-current

Automated billing solutions for physician offices.
Compensation Committee
Audit Committee

E & C Medical Intelligence:  2004-current

Obstetrical protocols
Compensation Committee 

Advisory Boards
Ionfusion, Inc: 2003-current

Manufacturer of sophisticated metallurgical bonding systems for surgical instruments and implant devices.

Intellidot Corportation: 2002-current

Bedside patient safety systems for medications

In Touch Health: 2002-current

Remote presence robotic systems

 
 
 


 























  










Who We Are





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













Who We Are
 

Carl Runge
President
Carl is the President of EquipSystems, LLC, located in New York, NY. He is responsible for the overall vision, strategic development, and company culture, while focusing on driving company growth and service delivery excellence. Carl joined EquipSystems in 2009 as an Operations Manager and was promoted to be Head of Operations and COO in 2011. His responsibilities included not only overseeing operations, but also leading critical marketing and human resource activities for the company. Carl’s contributions to the growth and operational excellence reflected in the company’s placement on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing privately held companies in America for 3 years in a row and consistently high client retention and satisfaction scores. Carl was previously a Venture Partner at High Bar Capital, a lead investor in EquipSystems. Prior to joining EquipSystems, Carl conducted research for a consulting firm specializing in mergers and acquisitions. MORE
Board of Advisors
Chris Wilkerson
cw@equipsystems.com
Chris is the Founder, President and CEO of High Bar Capital. He is responsible for guiding the overall operations including the origination of transactions, due diligence and operation of acquired companies.
Most recently, Chris was the President of EquipSystems a specialized hospital services firm focused on patient safety, infection control and environmental issues. Chris and the team lead EquipSystems through rapid growth and earned a position on the Inc 5000 list of fastest growing privately held companies in America three years in a row. MORE
L. John Wilkerson, Ph.D.
Founder and Managing Director Galen Partners
John Wilkerson is co-founder and Managing Director of Galen, a private equity fund investing in late stage healthcare businesses. Over the last 17 years Galen has invested in 65 private medical technology, specialty pharmaceutical and healthcare information and service companies. Prior to Galen, Wilkerson founded a 175 person strategy consulting company. The Wilkerson Group provided technology and product opportunity assessments and business development strategies to both medical and investment banking clients. The Wilkerson Group was acquired by IBM and became IBM Healthcare consulting.
Earlier in his career Mr. Wilkerson was a partner at Smith Barney Harris Upham where he was responsible for medical industry analysis. Prior to Smith Barney, Wilkerson was a Group Product Director of diagnostic equipment and reagents at Johnson and Johnson.
Wilkerson earned a Ph.D. at Cornell University where he specialized in managerial economics and marketing research. He holds an undergraduate degree in Biological Sciences from Utah State University. He is past chair of the Advisory Board of the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and is a member of the Cornell University Biotechnology Task Force.
Wilkerson is on the Executive Committee or Chair of the Compensation Committee of numerous private and public healthcare company boards, including Stericycle, MedAssets, Paradigm Health, Dow Pharmaceutical Sciences, JDS Pharmaceuticals and Tech Pharmacy Services. He is immediate past Chairman of Atlantic Health Systems and immediate past President of the Board of the American Folk Art Museum where he oversaw the fundraising and building of the museum contiguous to the Museum of Modern Art on 53rd Street in Manhattan. Wilkerson is a founder and past President of the E. L. Rose conservancy, a Pennsylvania based land trust. MORE
Samuel Fager
Samuel S. Fager is currently a resident of Villanova, Pennsylvania. He graduated with an undergraduate degree in English from Princeton University and received his medical degree from Drexel University in Philadelphia, where he was elected to Alpha Omega Alpha. He then completed his residency training at Children\’s Hospital of Philadelphia and at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in New York. MORE
Bill Williams
Mr. Williams was president of Pyxis Corporation from 1996-1998. He joined Pyxis in 1988 as the second employee and its Vice President of Marketing and Sales. Later he would serve as Vice-President of Sales and Sales Operations, Senior Vice-President, and Executive Vice-President. MORE
 
 
 


Discover How EquipSystems Personalizes Our Services To Meet Your Needs

SCHEDULE A CONSULTATION


 























  










Chris Wilkerson





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













Chris Wilkerson
 

cwilkerson@equipsytems.com
Chris is the Founder, President and CEO of High Bar Capital.  He is responsible for guiding the overall operations including the origination of transactions, due diligence and operation of acquired companies.
Most recently, Chris was the President of EquipSystems a specialized hospital services firm focused on patient safety, infection control and environmental issues.  Chris and the team lead EquipSystems through rapid growth and earned a position on the Inc 5000 list of fastest growing privately held companies in America three years in a row.
Before founding High Bar Capital, Chris worked in the business development group of Ventro, a B2B marketplace builder and operator.  There he identified causes of slow revenue growth in existing verticals, developed segmentation analysis and led teams from concept to execution on revenue generation opportunities in new vertical segments.  Additionally, he was responsible for identifying acquisition candidates and leading the due diligence for growth opportunities in existing verticals.
Prior to Ventro, Chris was part of the founding team at OnCare, a nationwide oncology physician practice management company.  There he worked for the CEO on research and strategy development projects and founded a special operations group focused on facilitating relationships with the 800+ physician partners and employees.  Earlier in his career, Chris was at OTN, a specialty distribution company, working as the founding member of the Management Associate Program where he worked for senior management and rotated through each phase of business operations.
Chris is an active advisory board member for Entrepreneurship@Cornall and Treasurer for ACTUS, a charitable organization focused on the Arts, Nature Preservation and Health Initiatives.
Chris earned a B.S. in Business Administration from Cornell University and a MBA from The Wharton School at The University of Pennsylvania.
 
 
 


 























  








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Contact Us





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













Contact Us
 

Phone: 800.475.0800
Address: 13 East 30th Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10016

View Larger Map
 
 
 

Request a Quote 



 























  






John L Wilkerson Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 





John Wilkerson





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













John Wilkerson
 

Dr. Wilkerson co-founded Galen in 1990. Dr. Wilkerson has focused on healthcare throughout his career, beginning as a Group Product Director for Ortho Diagnostics Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company. He was with Smith Barney as a Vice President specializing in medical analysis and research before moving to Channing, Weinberg & Co., Inc. in 1980 – the firm he purchased and turned into The Wilkerson Group, a leading healthcare consultancy sold to IBM.
Dr. Wilkerson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Stericycle, Inc. and several of Galen’s privately held portfolio companies. A founder of the E.L. Rose Conservancy in Pennsylvania, he is also Chairman of Atlantic Health Systems and Trustee and former President of the Museum of American Folk Art. He earned a Ph.D. from Cornell University and is a member of the Cornell University Council and immediate past Chairman of the College of Agricultural and Life Sciences advisory board.
 
 
 


 























  










Carl Runge





































































Call Us 24/7:  800.475.0800
LOGIN



Menu


X Close


About Us

What We Do
Before & After Results
Who We Are


Services

EMS
CHEFS
PM&R


Blog
Solutions
Contact Us
 













Carl Runge
 

Carl is the President of EquipSystems, LLC, located in New York, NY.  He is responsible for the overall vision, strategic development, and company culture, while focusing on driving company growth and service delivery excellence.  Carl joined EquipSystems in 2009 as an Operations Manager and was promoted to be Head of Operations and COO in 2011.  His responsibilities included not only overseeing operations, but also leading critical marketing and human resource activities for the company.  Carl’s contributions to the growth and operational excellence reflected in the company’s placement on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing privately held companies in America for 3 years in a row and consistently high client retention and satisfaction scores.  Carl was previously a Venture Partner at High Bar Capital, a lead investor in EquipSystems.  Prior to joining EquipSystems, Carl conducted research for a consulting firm specializing in mergers and acquisitions.
Carl earned a B.S. in Applied Economics and Management, cum laude, from Cornell University.
 
 
 


 























  





