








Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



PrevNext










About Wilkins Investment Counsel
As investment professionals, we engage the world with both intellect and intuition. Our firm's symbols—the Balsam Fir and the Cardinal—recall the essential qualities of vitality, above-average growth and steadfast perseverance, season after season.
Read more about the origin of our logo here
 


Investment Outlook

Each quarter, the best minds at our firm come together to provide some overall guidance and perspective on the market.   Click to read more.


Contact Information
Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.
	160 Federal Street,17th Floor Boston, MA 02110      
 Tel: 617-951-9969
Fax: 617-951-0773
Email: info@wilkinsinvest.com 
Click Here for Directions
    



















  Investment Process | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Investment Process
At Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc., we tailor each individual client portfolio to meet the unique needs and circumstances of that client. We design and manage each separate account to help our clients achieve their financial objectives in a tax-efficient manner while seeking to minimize risk. We do this by creating a balanced investment account composed of a focused list of high quality common stocks with a short-to-intermediate term, highly rated fixed income component. Depending on your specific considerations, we calibrate the proper asset allocation and combination of individual investments to achieve the right balance between growth of principal and current income needs.
When making individual stock and bond investment decisions we are driven by the following criteria:
Stock Philosophy
We don’t chase short-term price fluctuations or try to “time the market.”  We believe in a long-term investment strategy founded on rigorous research of the fundamentals. That means investigating each company’s financials, management, industry attractiveness and much more. These factors help determine which stocks have distinct competence features that separate them from the pack.
When purchasing stocks, we pay strict attention to price and valuation, mitigating volatility along the way by investing across a wide market capital spectrum, noting that, historically, small capitalization stocks are more volatile than large capitalization stocks. We monitor a stock’s progress continually, but we don’t typically react to day-by-day distractions.  Instead, we track a company’s underlying fundamentals.
Of course, we let winners compound to further benefit our clients’ portfolio, and those stocks whose fundamental progress falls short of our expectations are sold, creating a sound set of investments for each of our unique clients.
Fixed Income Philosophy
Markets can be volatile, but our “buy and hold” strategy commits to well-researched investments of high credit quality. Our commitment to fixed income investments ensures a stable foundation to our clients’ portfolios.
We invest in the corporate, municipal and U.S. government sectors, using fundamental research to uncover the most attractive and stable opportunities across a wide variety of markets. Since we work hard to get to know everyone who invests with us, we customize each portfolio to maximize our clients’ after-tax returns.





























  Summary | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Summary
As a business activity, investing can seem to be a rather straightforward proposition.  Many firms appear to do similar things in similar ways.
Those of our clients who have worked with other advisors assure us, however, that there is a palpable “Wilkins difference” in working with our team.
For starters, we understand that there is a certain “chemistry” required in forming a working partnership between an individual and his or her investment advisor.  And because we value this, we take the time to really get to know our clients.
When it comes time to select and recommend investments, we don’t rely on others to do the selecting for us.  We don’t buy pre-packaged funds.  We conduct rigorous independent research—in-house—and carefully select individual stocks, bonds, securities and investment opportunities for each client.





























  Contact Us | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Contact Us
Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.
160 Federal Street, 17th Floor
Boston, MA 02110
Tel: 617-951-9969
Fax: 617-951-0773
Email: info@wilkinsinvest.com

View Larger Map
Click here for Directions
 





























  About Us | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




About Us





























  Affiliations | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Affiliations
Wilkins Investment Counsel is a member of the Investment Adviser Association, a national organization that represents the interests of SEC registered investment firms.
All members of the investment team belong to the Boston Security Analyst Society, Inc. , a community of investment professionals dedicated to promoting the highest ethical standards for the benefit of clients and the broad investing public.
In addition, all members of the investment team are members of the CFA Institute, a global community of investment professionals dedicated to shaping and upholding the highest educational and ethical standards serving investors and the wider public. Each investment team member has completed the CFA Program, a globally recognized, graduate-level curriculum that provides a strong foundation of real-world investment analysis and portfolio management skills, and has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
Certain members of the investment team are members of the Boston Economic Club, an organization of professionals engaged in the areas of economic and financial analysis, study or management and who hold leadership positions within the Boston business, governmental, financial, educational and legal communities.





























  Client Service | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Client Service
At Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc., we take pride in our strong service culture. We value every one of our clients and enjoy trusted, long lasting relationships with each, some of which span both decades and generations.
Your account is managed by a senior investment professional and all individual securities are under the continuous supervision of our dedicated research team.
Communication is critical and we stress frequent interaction with clients. This is accomplished via letters on a quarterly basis containing a portfolio appraisal and analysis, as well as our Quarterly Investment Outlook which provides a broad overview of our current thinking on the economy and the markets.
We recommend at least one in-depth meeting per year with every client and ongoing informal communication is strongly encouraged to keep us abreast of clients’ needs.





























  Team | Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Team


 
John P. Wilkins,CFA, CICShareholder, Chairman
John is a graduate of Colgate University (magna cum laude) and the University of Chicago Law School. He began his investment career in New York City as a research analyst for H.C. Wainwright & Co. and later became an investment officer for Citibank. Returning to his native Boston, John joined Standish, Ayer & Wood, Inc., as a Partner and Managing Director.
John has served as Board Chairman and President of the Investment Adviser Association, a national organization that represents the interests of SEC registered investment firms. He also serves as a Trustee (formerly Board Chairman) of YMCA Camp Belknap, and as Honorary Trustee of the New England Baptist Hospital, having previously been Board Chairman. He is a Director of Care Group, Inc., a holding company for Beth Israel Deaconess, Mt. Auburn and New England Baptist hospitals. John is also on the investment committee of the Carleton-Willard Village, Inc. retirement community. In his home community, John is the Endowment Chair of the Eliot Church and was a founding trustee of the Wellesley Free Library Centennial Fund.
John holds designations as a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a Chartered Investment Counselor (CIC). He is a member of the Boston Economic Club.



 
Michael F. Charland,CFA, CIC Shareholder, President
Mike graduated from Bates College where he majored in economics and mathematics. He earned an MBA degree (cum laude) from Babson College. At Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc. Mike focuses on portfolio management, equity research, and oversees the operation of the firm. Prior to joining Wilkins he worked in fixed income trading and management at Eaton Vance in Boston.
Michael is very involved with his undergraduate alma mater, having served as Chairman of the Boston Bates Business Network. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and Chartered Investment Counselor (CIC) designations and is a member of the CFA Society Boston and the Boston Economic Club.



 
Shane M. Garman,CFA, CICShareholder, Vice President
Shane is a graduate of Indiana University where he majored in kinesiology. He earned an MBA degree (summa cum laude) from Babson College and managed a portion of the school’s endowment as a member of the Babson College Fund. As a Portfolio Manager & Director of Research at Wilkins, Shane manages client accounts/relationships and leads the equity/fixed income analyst team responsible for investment research. He is also the firm’s Treasurer and Chief Compliance Officer.
His previous experience includes working in product marketing at XOS Technology, Inc., holding assistant coaching positions with several NCAA basketball programs, and assisting the coaching staff of the NBA’s Cleveland Cavaliers. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and Chartered Investment Counselor (CIC) designations and is a member of the CFA Society Boston.



 
Thomas S. Terraccino,CFASenior Investment Analyst
Tom is a graduate of Carnegie Mellon University where he received a bachelor of science degree in business administration with a concentration in finance. Tom specializes in equity research at Wilkins with a particular emphasis in the technology sector. His previous experience includes equity research at Boston American Asset Management and Prudential Equity Group. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Society Boston.



 
Peter W. Smith,CFASenior Investment Analyst 
Peter is a graduate of Bowdoin College where he majored in economics and was a four year member of the men’s varsity ice hockey team. He specializes in fixed income management and research at Wilkins. He previously served as a fixed income trader with Bank of New York Mellon. Peter holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Society Boston.



 
David R. MacDougall,CFASenior Investment Analyst
David is a graduate of Northeastern University where he majored in finance and marketing. He earned an MBA degree from Boston College, graduating with honors. David specializes in equity research at Wilkins. His previous experience includes equity research and portfolio management at Boston Financial Management, Emerson Investment Management, and Crestwood Advisors. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Society Boston.



 
David P. GatelyDirector of Operations
Dave is a graduate of Saint Anselm College where he majored in history. His previous experience includes serving as operations manager at Contravisory Investment Management and as an investment associate at Congress Asset Management.



 
Sarah R. ValerioOperations Administrator
Sarah graduated from the University of Mary Washington where she earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. Her experience prior to joining Wilkins includes working at The Colony Group as a senior portfolio administrator and at State Street Bank in fund accounting.



 
Lucinda RyanAdministrative/Operations Associate 
Cindy earned her diploma in an accelerated program at Chandler School for Women. She has extensive experience as an administrative assistant, most recently as the Office Administrator at Environmental Resources Management, Inc.























﻿






























Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. Raises Position in Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Novartis AG

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Novartis AG with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Morgan Stanley Increases Container Store (The) (TCS) Price Target to $4.00
Arizona State Retirement System Has $669,000 Stake in 3D Systems Corporation (DDD)
Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN)
Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PEG) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BLCM) Given Outperform Rating at Wells Fargo & Company
Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Position Lowered by American International Group Inc.
Vector Group Ltd. (VGR) Shares Bought by American International Group Inc.
La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Position Boosted by Arizona State Retirement System
Arizona State Retirement System Has $693,000 Stake in Ebix, Inc. (EBIX)
Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. Raises Position in Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS)
TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Shares Bought by Arizona State Retirement System
BidaskClub Lowers Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) to Strong Sell
Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) Stock Price
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ingevity Corp (NGVT) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $257.65 Million
Zacks: Brokerages Set $3.00 Target Price for Danaos Corporation (DAC)
BidaskClub Upgrades Universal Forest Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFPI) to Hold
VEREIT Inc. (VER) Raised to “Hold” at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Lowers Syngenta AG (SYT) to Strong Sell
Target Corporation (TGT) Position Reduced by Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc.
Wright Medical Group N.V. (NASDAQ:WMGI) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.







Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. Raises Position in Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) by 9.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 117,090 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,850 shares during the period. Novartis AG comprises about  2.8% of Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc.’s holdings in Novartis AG were worth $8,696,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. First PREMIER Bank increased its position in shares of  Novartis AG by 2.4% in the first quarter. First PREMIER Bank now owns 2,242 shares of the company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 52 shares during the last quarter.  Mosaic Family Wealth LLC increased its position in shares of  Novartis AG by 3.6% in the first quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 2,021 shares of the company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 71 shares during the last quarter.  Essex Investment Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of  Novartis AG by 0.8% in the first quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC now owns 9,409 shares of the company’s stock valued at $699,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the last quarter.  Sunbelt Securities Inc. increased its position in shares of  Novartis AG by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 4,681 shares of the company’s stock valued at $341,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. increased its position in shares of  Novartis AG by 3.9% in the first quarter. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. now owns 2,526 shares of the company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 94 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  11.29% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Novartis AG alerts:



Shares of Novartis AG (NYSE NVS) opened at 83.16 on Monday. Novartis AG has a one year low of $66.93 and a one year high of $86.90. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $81.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $76.18. The company has a market capitalization of $196.72 billion, a PE ratio of 31.26 and a beta of 0.73. 





Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $1.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $11.54 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.59 billion. Novartis AG had a net margin of 13.10% and a return on equity of 15.46%. The business’s revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.17 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Novartis AG will post $4.70 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/wilkins-investment-counsel-inc-acquires-9850-shares-of-novartis-ag-nvs-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently commented on the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Novartis AG in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. UBS AG  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Novartis AG in a research report on Tuesday, May 30th. Vetr downgraded Novartis AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $78.32 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Cowen and Company downgraded Novartis AG from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $87.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Leerink Swann  restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $83.00 price objective on shares of Novartis AG in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Novartis AG presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $81.71.
In other news, major shareholder Bioventures Ltd Novartis purchased 266,667 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 5th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $15.00 per share, for a total transaction of $4,000,005.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.01% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Novartis AG
Novartis AG is a holding company, which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by pharmaceuticals. The Company’s segments include Innovative Medicines, Sandoz, Alcon and Corporate activities.







Receive News & Ratings for Novartis AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿





























Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Invests $703,000 in Novartis AG (NVS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Novartis AG

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Novartis AG with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Invests $703,000 in Novartis AG (NVS)
Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) Shares Sold by Horan Capital Management
Nikon Corp (NASDAQ:NINOY) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Zacks Investment Research
EP Energy Corporation (EPE) Lowered to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Morgan Stanley
Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Novartis AG (NOVN) a CHF 80 Price Target
Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) to Hold
Citigroup Inc. Analysts Give Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) a $65.00 Price Target
Marcus Corporation (The) (NYSE:MCS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Kraton Corporation (KRA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) to Hold
Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”
K12 Inc (NYSE:LRN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) Price Target Raised to $273.00 at Deutsche Bank AG
LKQ Corporation’s (LKQ) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
TheStreet Upgrades Biglari Holdings Inc. (NYSE:BH) to C-
Winnebago Industries, Inc. (WGO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus
Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) PT Set at $62.00 by BMO Capital Markets
TheStreet Downgrades FSB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSBC) to D







Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Invests $703,000 in Novartis AG (NVS)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE purchased a new stake in  Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  purchased 8,428 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $703,000. 
A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of NVS. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in shares of  Novartis AG during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,330,137,000.  Parnassus Investments CA boosted its stake in shares of  Novartis AG by 89.4% in the first quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 8,173,974 shares of the company’s stock valued at $593,720,000 after buying an additional 3,858,632 shares during the period.  BlackRock Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  Novartis AG during the first quarter valued at approximately $210,378,000.  Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Novartis AG by 34,406.2% in the first quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 1,759,816 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,696,000 after buying an additional 1,754,716 shares during the period.  Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of  Novartis AG by 12.2% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 9,100,801 shares of the company’s stock valued at $675,917,000 after buying an additional 988,301 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  11.29% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Novartis AG alerts:



Shares of Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $83.27. The company had a trading volume of 1,591,694 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $81.82 and its 200-day moving average is $76.18. Novartis AG has a 12-month low of $66.93 and a 12-month high of $86.90. The firm has a market capitalization of $196.98 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.30 and a beta of 0.73. 





Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $1.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $11.54 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.59 billion. Novartis AG had a return on equity of 15.46% and a net margin of 13.10%. Novartis AG’s quarterly revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.17 earnings per share.  On average, analysts predict that  Novartis AG will post $4.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Invests $703,000 in Novartis AG (NVS)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/smithbridge-asset-management-inc-de-invests-703000-in-novartis-ag-nvs.html. 
Several analysts have issued reports on NVS shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Novartis AG from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Novartis AG in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Novartis AG in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Novartis AG in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, Vetr cut Novartis AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $78.32 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $81.71.
In other news, major shareholder Bioventures Ltd Novartis acquired 266,667 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, July 5th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $15.00 per share, for a total transaction of $4,000,005.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 0.01% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Novartis AG
Novartis AG is a holding company, which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by pharmaceuticals. The Company’s segments include Innovative Medicines, Sandoz, Alcon and Corporate activities.







Receive News & Ratings for Novartis AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 11:58 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for families, charitable organizations, foundations, endowments, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused balanced portfolios for its clients. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in growth stocks across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests in short to intermediate term, high grade securities including U.S. government bonds, corporate bonds, and municipal bonds. It employs fundamental analysis to make...
Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for families, charitable organizations, foundations, endowments, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused balanced portfolios for its clients. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in growth stocks across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests in short to intermediate term, high grade securities including U.S. government bonds, corporate bonds, and municipal bonds. It employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. The firm conducts in-house research to make investment decisions. Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc. was founded in 1989 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


160 Federal Street17th FloorBoston, MA 02110United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 617-951-9969

Fax: 617-951-0773

www.wilkinsinvest.com







Key Executives for Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Mr. Michael Francis Charland CFA


      	President, Partner and Director
      








Mr. John Parker Wilkins CFA


      	Chairman and Partner
      








Mr. Shane Michael Garman CFA


      	VP, Partner, Treasurer, Director of Research, Chief Compliance Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. David P. Gately


      	Director of Operations
      








Ms. Lise A. Woodard


      	Investment Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc., please visit www.wilkinsinvest.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc | Investing in 160 Federal St # 17 - Boston MA - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc   (Investing) Share 160 Federal St # 17, Boston, MA 02110       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1               (617) 951-9969   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!        Be the first to write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★                 Submit                            Thanks! Your review is on its way. We will contact you as soon as possible!     Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  160 Federal St # 17, Boston, MA 02110(617) 951-9969http://www.wilkinsinvest.com/wic@shore.netfacebookgoogle-plusInvestingClosed      Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1           About Edit  Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc is located at 160 Federal St Fl 17, Boston, MA. This business specializes in Investment Banks.…more » Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc is located at 160 Federal St Fl 17, Boston, MA. This business specializes in Investment Banks.     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1            Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          




Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Mark EllisCandice WellsJamin McNeil






World
US















Wilkins Investment Counsel  Inc

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameWilkins Investment Counsel  IncSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 241.8 M Contact Details LocationBoston, MassachusettsAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.wilkinsinvest.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Wilkins-Investment-Counsel-Inc and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Babson Capital Management LLC Boston MA 0 Shepherd Kaplan LLC Boston MA 0 Breckinridge Capital Advisors Inc Boston MA 0 John Hancock Life Insurance Co Boston MA 0 Summit Partners V  L.P. Boston MA 0 Cambridge Associates  LLC Boston MA 0 Panagora Asset Management Inc Boston MA 0 Geode Capital Management LP Boston MA 0 Standish Mellon Asset Management Co Boston MA 0 Wilkins Investment Counsel  Inc Boston MA 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets













































Hedgeable | Sophisticated Investing Made Simple







































Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1989




Headquarters


160 Federal Street, 17th Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1700




Employees (Worldwide)


9




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Wilkins Investment Counsel (WIC) creates balanced portfolios that consist of high quality common stocks and short to intermediate term, highly rated fixed-income securities. They use asset allocation to determine the appropriate combination of investments to meet each client's needs for growth of principal and current income.Their equity strategy is a long-term strategy that seeks to identify growth stocks with distinct competencies. They employ proprietary fundamental research that focuses on company fundamentals and financials, industry attractiveness and the strength and experience of the company's management team and the board of directors. They select growth companies with better risk/return characteristics than those of the market as a whole and place emphasis on price and valuation. WIC evaluates a stock's performance by enhancement of company fundamentals rather than short-term price fluctuations. The firm tends to invest in the stocks of US large-cap companies in the consumer non-durables, health technology and process industries sectors. WIC maintains a very low turnover rate.WIC's fixed-income investment approach is based on a buy and hold strategy that focuses on short- to intermediate-term laddered portfolios. They invest in issues with of high credit quality in the US government, corporate and municipal sectors. The firm employs fundamental research to identify attractive yield spreads and investment opportunities. They also give attention to individual tax situations to maximize after-tax returns.




Website


http://www.wilkinsinvest.com






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



John Parker Wilkins

Founder




Michael Francis Charland

Partner & President





Shane Michael Garman

Partner & Vice President




David P. Gately

Director of Operations





Sarah R. Valerio

Operations Administrator




Thomas S. Terraccino

Senior Investment Analyst





Peter W. Smith

Investment Analyst




David Robert MacDougall

Senior Investment Analyst







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



John Parker Wilkins

Founder at Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.




Michael Francis Charland

Partner & President at Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



                        Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.














Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.



PrevNext










About Wilkins Investment Counsel
As investment professionals, we engage the world with both intellect and intuition. Our firm's symbols—the Balsam Fir and the Cardinal—recall the essential qualities of vitality, above-average growth and steadfast perseverance, season after season.
Read more about the origin of our logo here
 


Investment Outlook

Each quarter, the best minds at our firm come together to provide some overall guidance and perspective on the market.   Click to read more.


Contact Information
Wilkins Investment Counsel, Inc.
	160 Federal Street,17th Floor Boston, MA 02110      
 Tel: 617-951-9969
Fax: 617-951-0773
Email: info@wilkinsinvest.com 
Click Here for Directions
    










 























































Wilkins Investment Counsel - Investing - 160 Federal St, Financial District, Boston, MA - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    wwyzevzxarxeu



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











160 Federal StBoston, MA 02110


        (617) 951-9969
    






            Wilkins Investment Counsel
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.





Investing






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup




















Transit information
show less



            Fairmount
        

            Framingham/Worcester
        

            Franklin
        

            Greenbush
        

            Kingston/Plymouth
        

            Middleborough/Lakeville
        

            Needham
        

            Providence/Stoughton
        

            Red
        

            SL1
        

            SL2
        

            Silver
        
South Station

            0.13 mi
        



            SL4
        
Essex St. @ Atlantic Ave.

            0.16 mi
        



            Orange
        

            Red
        
Downtown Crossing Station

            0.24 mi
        





Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Wilkins Investment Counsel


        160 Federal St, Boston, MA 02110
    




Get directions


























Edit




        160 Federal StBoston, MA 02110
    


            Financial District        









Get Directions









Transit information


            Fairmount
        

            Framingham/Worcester
        

            Franklin
        

            Greenbush
        

            Kingston/Plymouth
        

            Middleborough/Lakeville
        

            Needham
        

            Providence/Stoughton
        

            Red
        

            SL1
        

            SL2
        

            Silver
        

South Station         and 2 more stations









Phone number

        (617) 951-9969
    








Send to your Phone







Financial Services



Investing








Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business




































        Ad
    

Concierge Wealth Management






            12 reviews
    







0.9 Miles away from Wilkins Investment Counsel
            









Tyler B. said
    
    "JB will provide you with a level of service that you will not get with any other firm. If I had a question late night or on the weekend I could email him and get a prompt response. When I was looking at…"
            
read more



            in Investing, Financial Advising
        















        Ad
    

Wall & Associates







0.2 Miles away from Wilkins Investment Counsel
            








                    Wall & Associates, Inc. provides personalized attention to the details of each case, representing our clients in all dealings with the IRS, including responding to IRS communications on your behalf, and pursuing procedural…
            
read more



            in Financial Advising, Tax Services, Debt Relief Services
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Wilkins Investment Counsel.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Wilkins Investment Counsel.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Wilkins Investment Counsel



Investing


Boston, MA




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


