


Williams Harris, Wholesale














 This BrandYourself profile is automatically optimized to show up high in Google 








							Acampo, 							CA													



Twitter
Google+




Williams Harris
Coffins Roblin  | Wholesale


 

Hi, I'm Williams Harris. Welcome to my profile!

Williams Harris's Bio:

Crematorium Parkland

Cremation nowadays is becoming popular due to its low cost compared to other after death arrangements. Crematorium Parkland, or incineration of a deceased individual's remains, is the second most popular way to say goodbye to the dead, after burials. The practice dates back to ancient times, and today is considered not only cost-effective but also environmentally friendly. You can choose to have the body embalmed before cremation if you prefer to hold a wake several days after death. Pop over to this web-site http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Crematorium Parkland.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/WDh8vjhttps://goo.gl/uTsStKhttps://goo.gl/Tg7qXHhttps://goo.gl/YZGUHehttps://goo.gl/Vm2KDO
 
Funeral Homes Roblin

The funeral home is responsible for retrieving the corpse from the place of death and transporting it to the Funeral Homes Roblin. It is in the funeral home where the body will be prepared for proper disposition. The funeral director will explain all of the available options to the family, and help them in making the right choices for their loved one, including whether there will be a viewing of the body or whether the body is to be embalmed before the burial. Browse this site http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Funeral Homes Roblin.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/zscT6ghttps://goo.gl/TQ9v5Shttps://goo.gl/qV5oMzhttps://goo.gl/Sy0e5Shttps://goo.gl/7H5deU
 
Funeral Home Roblin

Cremation services are provided by either a funeral home or crematory and include all of the various details and costs associated with memorializing a loved one. Cremation is an alternative to the traditional funeral service. Therefore it is important that you opt for the best Funeral Home Roblin. The casket is the container in which the deceased is placed in for the funeral service, viewing and burial. Look at this web-site http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Funeral Home Roblin.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/AIjcrphttps://goo.gl/GbO4Ovhttps://goo.gl/mWMRBThttps://goo.gl/k5pyUshttps://goo.gl/VuBE8A
 
Funerals Parkland

Funeral Homes are usually thought of as a place to for organizing as well as holding typical funerals. Recently, it has actually ended up being popular for cremation solutions since the number of cremations done has been on the increase. However, there are numerous services that they provide that lots of people are entirely unaware of. Funerals Parkland Pre-planning offers you the capability to pick your approach of disposition, the precise type of services you want, and also enables your household to focus much more on points such as mourning as well as recovery. Click this site http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Funerals Parkland.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/sjbfEahttps://goo.gl/jGrHG7https://goo.gl/oKWDlChttps://goo.gl/TbcDv2https://goo.gl/y2hAit
 
Funerals Roblin

The funeral center must offer a going to area as part of their funeral services to ensure that people can pay their respects to the deceased in privacy. This funeral home solution often takes place a few days just before the funeral. Many funeral homes parkland supply a brand-new funeral service called pre-arrangement. This is where you can visit the Funerals Roblin prior to death and discuss your really wants as well as needs for when the time comes. Try this site http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Funerals Roblin.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/qcgXZchttps://goo.gl/V8xnJxhttps://goo.gl/I700Sihttps://goo.gl/xalHmzhttps://goo.gl/WxBm9B
 
Funeral Home Grandview

Choosing a crematorium can be a simple task if you educate yourself about what it is, and what to expect from a reputable and high quality facility. Simply a place designed for the cremation of human remains, a crematorium may be attached to a cemetery or funeral home, or may be a separate building. Funeral Home Grandview provides valuable burial and funeral services for many people. Hop over to this website http://www.nairn-chyzfuneralhome.com/ for more information on Funeral Home Grandview.Folllow Us: https://goo.gl/jT9z9Thttps://goo.gl/ntXoTthttps://goo.gl/ab78qwhttps://goo.gl/Wze8jbhttps://goo.gl/8KDdrM 


Williams Harris's Interests & Activities:

Roblin Manitoba Funeral home ,Roblin Manitoba funeral homes,Roblin Manitoba obituaries,Roblin funeral home,casket roblin






			© 2017 BrandYourself - 
			Manage your online reputation






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










William Harris Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





















William N. Harris, Inc.















































Welcome!
William N. Harris, Inc., is located in Providence, Rhode Island, and has proudly been serving the state since 1942. You can be at ease knowing we'll provide you with the right solutions to keep your home safe and comfortable, year round. That comfort is backed up by our expert installation and maintenance services.		      
 




Services
William N. Harris, Inc. offers service on heating and air conditioning  units on all brands of air conditioners, heat pumps, furnaces, fan  coils, and thermostats to residents and businesses in Rhode Island, nearby Massachusetts and Connecticut. Whether you need maintenance, repair, replacement, new construction or remodeling, we want to be your heating and cooling contractor.
  




What's New? 
Energy Consultants Save You Money! Improving energy efficiency is the simplest, most cost-effective way to  combat rising fuel costs. The first step is to understand the condition  and performance of your building, winter or summer. We provids energy audits and analysis to determine  the most practical and cost-effective ways to increase the energy  performance.
  






Our Products



Super Market Rack Systems



Coolers & Freezers



Ice Machines



Rooftop Packaged Units



High Efficiency Systems



Exhaust Hoods



Gas & Oil Fired Furnaces



Hot Water & Steam Boilers



Heat Pumps



Glycol Systems


  




Company Profile





 Whether your needs are for Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning or  Refrigeration, we have them covered with our years of expertise. Our  service and installation departments are made up of highly skilled,  licensed technicians. Our engineering department can troubleshoot and custom design even the  most complex systems. 

 
 




What We Offer 





 We reciprocate the loyalty of our best customers  through our maintenance programs. We offer reduced hourly rates and on  demand service for our certified customers. These customers understand  that the best way to repair a problem is to catch it before it starts.  Preventative maintenance aids in this as well as prolonging the life of your equipment.

 
 




Bestsellers





Our goal at William N. Harris, Inc. is to provide you with not only top of the line service, but to offer only top of the line quality products, with outstanding  product warranties. We believe it is one of the most important duties to  help inform and educate you on which products best suits your family's  and businesses needs. 

 
 










Home About Us Services Products Resources Clients Contacts
2013 © William N. Harris, Inc.  |   Terms of use   |   Privacy Policy
  
 




























Law Offices of Church, Harris, Johnson, and Williams P.C. Attorneys at Law - Great Falls Montana














 












  
                                                                                        Practice Areas
                                                                                          

















Administrative Law


Agricultural Law


Bankruptcy 


Business Planning


Charitable Planning


Commercial Litigation


Construction Litigation


Employment/Labor Law


Energy Law


Environmental Law


Estate &  Trust Admin


Estate &  Trust Litigation 


Estate Planning/Wills


Personal Injury


Product Liability


Professional Negligence 


Real Property


Real Property Litigation


Taxation


Trial & Appellate






Product Liability
The firm  has substantial experience in product defect litigation. The firm has acted on behalf of both the  injured person in prosecuting strict liability claims and the manufacturer and  others in the chain of title in defending these claims.


















©2010 Church Harris Johnson & Williams, PC - All Rights Reserved - Terms of Use
Site Designed and Developed by Shortgrass Web Development



















Contact Us | Harris Williams & Co.












































Jump to navigation












Languages


EnglishDeutsch中文
Nederlands
Français
Español 






Search form

Search 





 





Contact Us
 





LinkedIn
 





About HW&Co.About the Firm
Around the Globe

Industry ExpertiseAerospace, Defense & Government Services
Building Products & Materials
Business Services
Consumer
Energy, Power & Infrastructure
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Industrials
Specialty Distribution
Technology, Media & Telecom
Transportation & Logistics

PeopleSenior Professionals
Senior Staff

News & Insights
Join HW&Co.
 









 













Contact Us









Contact Form
Office Locations
 





















Thank you for your interest in Harris Williams & Co. To contact us, please complete the form below. Please do not submit job inquiries through this page; applicants should visit Join HW&Co.





Contact HW&Co.



Note: Asterisk (*) denotes required field.

First Name *



Last Name *



Company 



Title 



Email *



Phone 



Country 



Related Industry 
- None -Aerospace, Defense & Government ServicesBuilding Products & MaterialsBusiness ServicesConsumerDiversified IndustrialsEnergy & PowerHealthcare & Life SciencesIndustrialsSpecialty DistributionTechnology, Media & TelecomTransportation & Logistics


Message 




















  






Office Locations 


Click here for information about our office locations. 














Site Map
Privacy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Disclosures
© Harris Williams & Co.
 























 Harris-Williams Luxury Home Fragrance Ashby de la Zouch                               0 Cart  Blog My Account     Luxury Home FragranceSHOP NOWBotanical blends No 1 to 5   FREE DELIVERY WHEN YOU SPEND £50   FIND YOUR BLEND QUIZ   SHOWS & FAIRSLUXURY HOME FRAGRANCEREED DIFFUSERS    SHOP NOW ROOM & FABRIC SPRAYS   SHOP NOW SCENTED SACHETS   SHOP NOW DIFFUSER REFILLS   SHOP NOW REEDS   SHOP NOW SHOP BY FRAGRANCE   SHOP NOW WHY NOT TRY    Botanical Blend No 2 Lavender & Rosemary Room & Fabric Spray  Quick Look  Botanical Blend No 1 Jasmine & Orange Blossom Diffuser  Quick Look  Botanical Blend No 1 Jasmine & Orange Blossom Diffuser Refill  Quick LookSIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERReceive a 10% discount coupon and keep up to date with all the latest news and exclusive offers      Hello, thank you for stopping by.We are closed for orders until the 5th August 2017.Please have a browse and why not try the FIND YOUR BLEND quiz whilst here.                                         This site requires cookies. For more information please see our Terms and Conditions > Privacy and Cookie PolicyCLOSE Added to Cart Keep Shopping Checkout


 

















        Younique by Jaimin Williams Harris    

































            Cart changes listed below for selected market:        


                Backordered            





                Unavailable            




            Are you sure you want to switch markets?        

            Yes        

            Cancel        














                    English 





English


Español






 Connect with Me
 My Parties
 Customer Support


Welcome!Log inorCreate an account 




0
Checkout



close and continue shopping






                                            Thank you! So far your order is contributing  points to my party. -                                                 Jaimin                                                                                            





QtyProductPricePts




 


 Proceed to checkout









 


 





                                                                                            U.S.A (USD)
                                                                                    


English


Español








                                                                                            Canada (CAD)
                                                                                    


English


Français


  





                                                                                            Australia (AUD)
                                                                                    


English








                                                                                            New Zealand (NZD)
                                                                                    


English


  





                                                                                            United Kingdom (GBP)
                                                                                    


English








                                                                                            Mexico (MXN)
                                                                                    


Español


English


  





                                                                                            Germany (EUR)
                                                                                    


Deutsch


English








                                                                                            France (EUR)
                                                                                    


Français


English


  





                                                                                            Spain (EUR)
                                                                                    


Español


English








                                                                                            Hong Kong (HKD)
                                                                                    


繁體中文


English


  





                                                                                            Italy (EUR)
                                                                                    


Italiano


English








                                                                                            Ireland (EUR)
                                                                                    


English


 






























Party Closed




Your Party Host :

                    Jaimin Williams Harris                



                    Younique Kudos Virtual Party for Jaimin Williams Harris                



                    Get pampered and pretty with this month’s Customer Kudos. This party’s all about the Kudos, available for this month only, so party with me and get it while you can!                 





                            This party is now closed. Thank you everyone for helping me to reach my goals!  You can see how I did by looking at the Virtual Party Scoreboard below.                        



These people are attending this party:














            Start Shopping!        

            Here are a few products to help get you started. Just start clicking, and every product you buy will automatically count towards my Party goal!        



 Moodstruck 3D Fiber Lashes+




 Opulence Lipstick




 Royalty Instant Lifting Serum




 Moodstruck Addiction Shadow Palette




 Touch Mineral Liquid Foundation




Browse all of the Younique products






Video Parties













 Video Hangout Requirements




                        It is required that you have a Google Plus account.
If you already have a gmail account (an e-mail account that ends with @gmail.com), then you are a Google Plus member and can continue. If you do not have a gmail account then create one now.


                        Your YouTube account is required to be validated.
In order to verify your YouTube account, be signed in to your Google Plus account and go to: https://www.youtube.com/verify.


                        Ensure that your Live Streaming is enabled.
Go to your YouTube Dashboard and click Live Streaming in the left column.


                        We recommend you use the Chrome web browser.
Chrome is not required, but if you are in IE, Firefox, etc… you may need to install a plug-in in order to continue. Get Chrome Now!


                    In order to participate in a video party, you must be on a laptop or desktop computer.  Tablets and phones are not currently supported by this feature.

 
 Close Video Hangout Requirements







 Close Library




 



Help Promote My Party

            In our Party Posts Library you'll find some images ready for you to share on Facebook and Pinterest that will help you get the word out.        
 Open the Library








You're helping Jaimin reach a goal!

                Your contributions to the Party help Jaimin earn Party Rewards!                





Party Performance Dashboard









Pts
Reward Points
1/2 Priced Items




200-349
10%
1


350-499
12%
2


500-999
14%
3


1000+
16%
4





                                        The sales accumulated in Younique parties are quantified by a points system.  To read more about the party points system, or to inquire about hosting your own party, click here.                                    











        These people have contributed to the party:    












 
* All values are USD unless otherwise noted.




Explore Younique




 View Party Rewards chart
 Learn more about Younique
 Become a Presenter
 Host your own Party
























                    Thanks for shopping from my Party!                


My Party Page














Join Younique in Fighting Sexual Abuse 







Heal the one
 



Protect the many
 


 

 Close 

Please Choose a Color
A color must be selected from the dropdown menu, directly above the "add to cart" button, before this item can be added to your cart.
OK



























Harris N. Williams - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Harris N. Williams
Board Member at Gogo Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Harris N. Williams? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Harris N. Williams's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Harris N. Williams's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Harris N. Williams's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Harris N. Williams through your network of contacts.
												








Harris N. Williams's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Gogo Inc.


Past
To view Harris N. Williams's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
47

 
 


Harris N. Williams's Biography



Harris N. Williams serves as Senior Managing Director of WF Holding Company LLC, a diversified asset management business. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Williams was an executive with Ripplewood Holdings, LLC, a global private equity firm focused on control investments, serving as Managing Director since 2007. Prior to 2005, Mr. Williams was in the Investment Banking division of Credit Suisse, primarily focused on mergers and acquisitions and leveraged buyouts. Mr. Williams's industry areas of focus have included Technology, Media, Financial Services, Healthcare, Industrials and Hospitality on a global basis. Mr. Williams served on the board of direc ...
(Read More)

			Harris N. Williams serves as Senior Managing Director of WF Holding Company LLC, a diversified asset management business. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Williams was an executive with Ripplewood Holdings, LLC, a global private equity firm focused on control investments, serving as Managing Director since 2007. Prior to 2005, Mr. Williams was in the Investment Banking division of Credit Suisse, primarily focused on mergers and acquisitions and leveraged buyouts. Mr. Williams's industry areas of focus have included Technology, Media, Financial Services, Healthcare, Industrials and Hospitality on a global basis. Mr. Williams served on the board of directors of 3W Power Holdings Ltd. from 2011 to 2013, where he also served as Chairman of the Audit Committee.     Mr. Williams's specific qualifications, experience, skills and expertise include:       . Core business skills, including financial and strategic planning; and    . Expertise in financial management and financial reporting.
		
Source: Gogo Inc. on 04/26/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Harris N. Williams's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Harris N. Williams. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Harris N. Williams's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Harris N. Williams's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Harris N. Williams through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Harris N. Williams


















Harris N. Williams's Connections (47)





Sign up now to view Harris N. Williams's 47 connections »









Ronald T. LeMay
Board Member, Gogo Inc.









Robert H. Mundheim
Board Member, Gogo Inc.









Thomas O. Ryder
Board Member, Amazon.com, Inc.









Clive R. Hollick
Board Member, Honeywell International Inc.









Michael J. Small
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Gogo Inc.









Albert L. Perruzza
Former Senior Vice President, Global Operations and Business Redesign, Readers Digest Association









Harvey Golub
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express









Anand K. Chari
Former Executive Vice President, Engineering and Chief Technology Officer, Gogo Inc.









Charles C. Townsend
Board Member, Gogo Inc.









Ash A. ElDifrawi
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Gogo Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













