





Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 




	WILFAM Trademark of Willis, Peter P.. Serial Number: 76454919 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Clothing Products
WILFAM










 
Get FREE email alerts













WILFAM  Trademark Information
 Willis, Peter P.
Clothing, namely, t-shirts, hats, neck ties, and sweat shirts




Perfect for these industries

Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
clothing         tshirts      hats      neck   ties      sweat   shirts    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WILFAM trademark by Willis, Peter P. 
                                in Elk Grove Village, , 60007.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WILFAM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Willis, Peter P. of the WILFAM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WILFAM trademark.
                           






On Monday, September 23, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WILFAM by 
                        Willis, Peter P., Elk Grove Village 60007.
                        The USPTO has given the WILFAM 
                        trademark serial  number of  76454919.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for WILFAM is 
                        
                        
                                            CHARLES F. MERONI, JR. of 
                                            MERONI & MERONI, P.C.,  P.O. BOX 309, BARRINGTON, ILLINOIS 60011 
                                .
                            The WILFAM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WILFAM 
                            is Clothing, namely, t-shirts, hats, neck ties, and sweat shirts. 
                            





Word mark:
 WILFAM


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

5/19/2004






  Serial Number:  
76454919


  Filing Date:  
9/23/2002


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Clothing, namely, t-shirts, hats, neck ties, and sweat shirts


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/26/2003


Last Applicant/Owner:

Willis, Peter P.Elk Grove Village 60007
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


CHARLES F. MERONI, JR.
MERONI & MERONI, P.C.
P.O. BOX 309
BARRINGTON, ILLINOIS 60011






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WILFAM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/19/2004
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CHARLES F. MERONI, JR.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WILFAM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search wilfam on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WILFAM 




WILFAM is providing Clothing, namely, t-shirts, hats, neck ties, and sweat shirts.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 







	Willis - Global Risk Advisor, Insurance and Reinsurance Broker




















Willis and Towers Watson have merged. Visit willistowerswatson.com





Willis



Home
Client & Carrier Tools
Contact Us
Offices Worldwide















Industries



Accountants Practice

Fine Art - Jewellery & Specie

Pulp & Paper



Aerospace

Fitness

Real Estate



Architects and engineers

Food & Drink

Reinsurance



Bloodstock, Livestock and Aquaculture

Government Contractors

Relocation risk



Chemical

Health Care

Renewables



Construction - USA

Leisure

Solicitors



Construction Global Overview

Life Sciences

Sports Entertainment



Energy

Marine

Surveyors



Engineering & Consultancy

Mining and Metals

Technology/Media/ Telecommunications



Financial Institutions

Programs

Utilities





Services



Accident & Health

Employee Benefits

Premium Allocation



Alert24

Enterprise Risk Management

Private Client and Personal Insurance



Affinity

Environmental

Product Recall



WTW Securities

Executive Risks

Professional Indemnity



Captive Insurance

Facultative

Project Finance



Casualty

Insolvency

Property



Casualty Actuarial Services

International

Risk Control & Claim Advocacy



Certificate Tracking

International Liability Wordings

Risk Management Business



Certificates

Kidnap and Ransom

Risk Management Operational



Claim Advocacy

Loss Management

Special Contingency Risks



Commercial Network

Market Security

Terrorism and Political Violence



Corporate Governance

Mergers & Acquisitions

Trade Credit



Customer and Scheme Solutions

Political Risk

Voluntary Employee Benefits



Cyber

Pooling

Warranty and Indemnity



Directors and Officers

PPP-PFI (Public Private Partnerships and Private Finance Initiative)

Weather Risk






About Willis



Our Team

How We Work

Our Awards



Our Values

Our History

Our Iconic Buildings






Careers



Opportunities US

Willis Academy

Graduates



Graduate Development Program

Campus Recruitment

Contact Careers



Opportunities UK & Global

Diversity

Applicant Privacy Notice



Rewarding Success

Why Willis








Client Service

Products & Services

Industry Expertise
Placement
View All


Willis on Risk

Insights & Analysis
WillisWire Blog
Resilience
Videos & Publications



About Us 

Investors

Careers
































Willis Towers Watson Wire





















HR pro at a small to midsize company?


Explore the latest products at the all-new
HR Trove by Willis Towers Watson. 
Shop now at hrtrove.com
















 Opportunities in the gig economy: deconstructing work

Companies can achieve savings up to 80% when they deconstruct work and apply alternative resources.  For the full report, click here.
  







 







 Terrorism: insurance marketplace responds to an evolving risk

Charles Needham of the Willis Towers Watson Terrorism & Political Violence Practice on the insurance products now available. For the full report, click here.
  





 













Marketplace Realities 2017 Spring Update

Joseph C. Peiser, Head of Broking for Willis Towers Watson, North America, offers perspectives on the impact Washington could have on the insurance marketplace. Full report available here.














A world on edge: political risks in 2017


As political risk rises around the world, the political risk insurance marketplace is expanding to meet it in most places around the world.















NATURAL RESOURCES





Natural resources: intelligent risk management

The Natural Resources industries are renowned for their complex and unique risk management challenges, and so it's vital that all the elements of a company's risk management strategy are brought together effectively to lower overall risk costs. Our specialists understand these challenges, and have a lifetime's experience of our industries in all their forms.






Read more




















Privacy and Cookie



Legal Disclaimer


Sitemap
Associates

 




Copyright © 2017 Willis Towers Watson



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Decode your cyber risks across people, capital and technology. - Willis Towers Watson







































×
Change Web Site





Global | English




Argentina | Spanish




Australia | English




Austria | German




Belgium | English




Belgium | Flemish




Belgium | French




Bermuda | English




Brazil | Portuguese




Canada | English




Canada | French




Chile | Spanish




China | Chinese




Colombia | Spanish




Croatia | Croatian




Croatia | English




Czech Republic | English




Egypt | English




France | French




Georgia | Georgian




Germany | German




Greece | Greek




Hong-Kong | English




India | English




Indonesia | English




Ireland | English




Italy | Italian




Japan | Japanese




Jordan | English




Korea | Korean




Kuwait | English




Lebanon | English




Lebanon | French




Luxembourg | French




Malaysia | English




Mexico | Spanish




Netherlands | Dutch




New Zealand | English




Philippines | English




Poland | Polish




Portugal | Portuguese




Romania | Romanian




Serbia | Serbian




Singapore | English




South Africa | English




Spain | Spanish




Sweden | English




Switzerland | English




Switzerland | French




Switzerland | German




Taiwan | Traditional Chinese




Thailand | English




Turkey | Turkish




Ukraine | Ukrainian




UAE | English




United Kingdom | English




United States | English





Close











            Decode your cyber risks across people, capital and technology.
        
































 


×
Email This




                            Decode your cyber risks across people, capital and technology.
                        


                        (A link to this page will be included in your message)
                    


                        * All fields marked with an asterisk are required
                    


                            Recipient's Email *
Please enter a valid email


                        Separate multiple email addresses with commas.
                    


                            Your Email *
Please enter a valid email




Message






                            Send me a copy
                        



Submit
Cancel









A fully integrated, comprehensive plan for managing people, capital and technology risks across your enterprise. Any cybersecurity plan that does less can hardly be called security at all.
Download brochure | Watch video

Contact us











Assessment


We bring deep data from a diversity of categories and companies like yours to assess and quantify your risk profile via proprietary risk assessment tools addressing people, technologies and financial assets.

Learn more











Protection


We leverage our analyses and global experience to develop a strategic array of best-in-class solutions designed to minimize and mitigate risk exposure; addressing people, technologies and financial assets. We help our clients insure and transfer risk that remain after all mitigation is in place.
Learn more











Recovery


We remain uncompromising in protecting our clients even after a cyber incident occurs, by the speed with which we provide incident support, recover losses, and provide deep forensic analysis to learn causes and quickly develop new defensive solutions.
Learn more








Featured







Briefing
What you need to know about WannaCry Ransomware











Featured research
Decoding cyber risk: Driving a cyber-savvy workforce
2017 Cyber Risk Survey Report










Featured services

Cyber work readiness diagnostic 
CyFly Airline Product
Navigating data privacy risks in vendor contracting











Interactive feature
See if you can find all the cyber risks in these workplaces

















Decode Cyber Brief Summer 2017 articles

Cyberinsurance takes specific flight path for airlines
Navigating the path to recovery after a breach
Driving a cyber-savvy culture to combat cyber threats
Careful how you code: Cyberterrorism coverage under TRIA and stand-alone cyber policies
Brace yourselves: Global cyberinsurance demand is coming
The importance of boosting your organization’s “Cyber IQ”
Spotlight on revised NY financial regulations







Blog posts from Willis Towers Watson Wire 






Tweets by WTWrisk 











 Peter D. Willis  | Attorneys | Kutak Rock


























































Entire Site
Attorneys
The Firm
News and Publications
Offices
Practices
















































J.D., University of Denver College of Law, 1968B.A., Northwestern University, 1964






Colorado, 1968











U.S. Supreme Court, 1974


U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado, 1968
















Corporate Governance






Litigation




Business and Class Action Litigation






Insurance and Indemnity








Risk Management






Employment Law






Mediation and Arbitration Neutrals























				        
				            Arbitrator, National Panel of the American Arbitration Association 
				        
				    










				        
				            Super Lawyer -- Peter Willis
				        
				    


















Peter D. Willis




 (303) 292-7709
Senior Of Counsel(303) 292-7799 Fax

Denver


        Peter.Willis@KutakRock.com
    


vCard
|
Print This Bio







Main Bio
Main Bio



Arbitration
Arbitration






After a long career with a background in civil and criminal law, trial, insurance, and complex commercial litigation, Mr. Willis is Senior of Counsel in Kutak Rock LLP’s Denver office in the litigation department. He now concentrates on service as an arbitrator on the National Panel of the American Arbitration Association in a significant number of commercial and large complex business cases. He is also actively practicing and experienced in nonprofit law, nonprofit issues and corporate governance. Mr. Willis provides advice on insurance issues, insurance contracts, including captive insurance company practices, corporate compliance and risk management litigation. He continues to practice litigation and counseling in partnership lawsuits, health care, senior living, and assisted living care matters, trademark, trade name and intellectual property counseling and litigation. He also has experience in a broad range of telecommunications and cable matters.
He currently serves as general counsel to Mountain States Employers’ Council, Inc; general counsel and Ex Officio Board member to Christian Living Campus, LLC.; Board emeritus member of the Griffith Centers for Children; member of the Board of Trustees for the Iliff School of Theology; and a member of the Board of Directors of the Colorado Judicial Institute.


Formerly was General Counsel, Litigation/Risk Management for U.S. West, Inc, the former Bell system regional telecommunications company, where he tried, managed and supervised complex telecommunications and civil suits for the company and all its subsidiaries. 

Former officer and President of the captive insurance company of U.S. West, Inc., the former Bell system regional telecommunications corporation, where he created, developed and counseled on corporate governance and insurance issues, including claims loss analysis, setting premiums and experience with actuaries. 

Member of the trial team in the antitrust matter Department of Justice v. AT&T where he participated in the trial and subsequent counseling in the divestiture of the Bell system. He served on the contingent liability committee managing major former Bell system antitrust, contract, employment, tort and telecommunications cases, including major EPA and environmental matters. 

Represented several complex class action lawsuits involving telecommunications practices and procedures. 

Represents a significant variety of clients on intellectual property, business tort, employment-related matters, commercial litigation, and general corporate advice and counseling. 

Mr. Willis was voted by his peers as one of the Top Colorado Super Lawyers® for 2006 through 2016. 

Was one of 10 people featured in the 2006 Denver Business Journal’s Power Book as one of the leaders in the field of law for his contribution to the business community and his commitment to excellence of the Colorado judiciary. 

Was the recipient of the 2007 DU Law Stars Outstanding Alumni Award and was inducted as a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation and Fellow of the Colorado Bar Foundation. 








Mr. Willis, who has been practicing law for more than 49 years, has served as an arbitrator in approximately 50 arbitrations. He has served as the sole arbitrator, and also as a panel member or panel Chair. For an extensive list of Mr. Willis’ arbitration and litigation experience, please click here. Many of the arbitrations were with alleged damages in the multimillion-dollar range. They include: an alleged infringement of a patent and license contract several insurance coverage matters a dispute between telephone company carriers over network facility installation conduits in five cities (damages $28 to $35 million) an alleged trademark and trade dress dispute over a manufacturer product (damages $1 to $5 milliondispute over software license contract and misappropriation of confidential material (damages alleged over $2 million) unlawful theft claims involving an inventor and a sales agreement a dispute between insurance company and reinsurer over alleged payments and terms of agreement (damages over $1 million) an alleged breach of insureds claim services agreements a dispute between telephone carriers over employment contract services (damages undisclosed amount, multimillions) a contested sales agreement dispute for interconnect and broadband services a shareholders dispute over stock ownership and terms of shareholders agreement a contract dispute over terms of operating agreement and sale of computer modems a breach of duty and negligence over handling of an IRS account breach of contract and claims insurance involving the Katrina disaster an antitrust and unfair pricing dispute over terms of a franchise agreement Mr. Willis also has served as a mediator in a variety of commercial disputes. Mr. Willis’ alternative dispute resolution training includes: AAA Conducting Research & Investigations, 2014 Colorado State Bar, Annual Statewide ADR Conference, 2011, 2009 AAA Arbitration Awards: Safeguarding, Deciding & Writing Awards (ACE001), 2007, 2005 AAA Chairing an Arbitration Panel: Managing Procedures, Process & Dynamics (ACE005), 2007 AAA Pro Se: Managing Cases Involving Self-Represented Parties (ACE002), 2004 AAA Arbitrator Update, 2003 CDR Mediation Process Training, 2002 AAA Commercial Arbitrator II Training, 2002 AAA Arbitrator I Training-Fundamentals of the Arbitration Process, 2002 AAA, Techniques in Mediation Advocacy, 1995 AAA Beyond the Basics Corporate Dispute Management 2000 meeting the AAA continuing legal education requirement each year for service on the national panel by attending a variety of arbitration related seminars or presentations. 


















|



Site Map|Legal Notice





Atlanta·Chicago·Denver·Fayetteville·Irvine·Kansas City·Little Rock·Los Angeles·MinneapolisOklahoma City·Omaha·Philadelphia·Richmond·Rogers·Scottsdale·Spokane·Washington, D.C.·Wichita


Neither the information provided on this website nor transmissions between you and Kutak Rock LLP through this website are intended to provide legal or other advice or to create an attorney-client relationship.
©1994-2017 Kutak Rock LLP. All Rights Reserved.












	Peter WILLIS Obituary - West Palm Beach, FL | The Palm Beach Post






 




















































































Obituaries




























Resources


More Obituaries for WILLIS


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Peter B. WILLIS


1965 - 2017
Obituary
Condolences

































 WILLIS, Peter B.Peter B. Willis, of Juno Beach, FL, passed away suddenly on January 16, 2017 due to complications from a recent surgery. "Pete" was born September 17, 1965 in Doylestown, PA and grew up in Yardley, PA. He received his BBA from Temple University graduating Magna Cum Laude and his MBA from Rutgers as President of his graduating class. He spent most of his career in the New Jersey area as a Sr. Product Manager in Healthcare and Consumer Products.His love of running and interest in competing in triathlons as an IRONMAN enthusiast and coach led him to accept a Sr. Product Manager position with BIOMET 3i in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida in 2011. He later followed his dream and started up his own business as President/Owner of Podium Fitness & Performance in Jupiter, Florida. This was his intense passion and an integral part of both his work and personal life up until his untimely passing. He was driven to succeed in everything to which he put his heart, mind and body. He is survived by his mother Carol Bemmels; his father Richard Willis and his wife Evelyn; his brother Ted Willis and his wife Irene along with their children Teddy and Molly. Local relatives and friends are invited to attend a celebration of Pete's life at Podium Fitness & Performance at 4300 US Hwy 1, Suite 208 in Jupiter, FL on Saturday, February 4 at 10:00AM. In lieu of flowers, donations to his memory may be made to a memorial fund set up in his name to fund disadvantaged youth in triathlons: https://www.youcaring.com/PeteWillisMemorialScholarshipTo express condolences and/or make donations: Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries



Published in The Palm Beach Post from Jan. 29 to Jan. 30, 2017


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"I'm sadden to hear this, he will be missed.  My old friend"-Angel Wooden

View Guest Book







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries




























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
































