    J. Willis | Ashland Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 


    Kevin Willis | Amazon.com, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Officer Profiles - Ashland Global Holdings Inc.














































Skip to content































 







powered by












  








Home
 > 

 Investor Relations  >  
 Corporate Governance  >    Directors and Officers  >  
 Officer Profiles  


Officer Profiles







William A. Wulfsohn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ashland 
Read Bio 





William A. Wulfsohn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ashland 




	William A. Wulfsohn joined Ashland Inc. as chairman and chief executive officer on January 1, 2015. Prior to joining Ashland, he served four years as president and CEO of Carpenter Technology Corporation. Mr. Wulfsohn also had served on Carpenter Technology's board since 2009. Prior to that, he served as senior vice president, industrial coatings at PPG Industries. Before joining PPG, Mr. Wulfsohn was vice president and general manager for Honeywell International. In addition, he has worked for Morton International/Rohm & Haas, beginning as a director of marketing and subsequently as vice president and business director. Mr. Wulfsohn began his professional career with McKinsey & Company. He holds a chemical engineering degree from the University of Michigan and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University. Mr. Wulfsohn is a director of PolyOne Corporation.


close




Peter Ganz
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Chief Compliance Office
Read Bio 





Peter Ganz
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Chief Compliance Office




	Mr. Ganz, joined Ashland in 2011 as senior vice president and general counsel, responsible for managing all legal and corporate governance matters pertaining to Ashland. In addition, he oversees the company's government relations function and serves as Ashland's chief compliance officer, chairing its Ethics and Compliance Committee. He also serves as a member of Ashland's Executive Committee, sharing overall responsibility for setting Ashland's global strategy, managing capital, and upholding Ashland's operating principles.

	Immediately prior to joining Ashland, Ganz was a partner with the law firm Sedgwick LLP in Newark, N.J. From 2005 to 2010, he served as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of Foster Wheeler AG, a global engineering, construction and project-management contractor and power-equipment supplier. Previously, he was senior vice president, general counsel and secretary of G-I Holdings Inc. (formerly GAF Corp.) and of its affiliate, International Specialty Products Inc., in Wayne, N.J., culminating a 10-year career with the GAF group of companies, where he worked in a number of positions of increasing responsibility. Earlier in his career, Ganz practiced litigation for law firms McCarter & English in Newark, N.J., and Kramer, Levin, Nessen, Kamin & Frankel in New York, N.Y. He began his legal career serving a federal judicial clerkship with the Hon. Anne E. Thompson in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey.

	A native of Charlotte, N.C., Ganz earned his bachelor of arts degree from Duke University in 1984. In 1987, he received his J.D. degree from Harvard Law School. He is a member of the New York, New Jersey and Kentucky state bar associations and the American Corporate Counsel Association.


close




J. Kevin Willis
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Read Bio 





J. Kevin Willis
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer




	Mr. Willis, was elected senior vice president and chief financial officer of Ashland  in 2013. He oversees Ashland's worldwide financial functions and processes, including financial accounting and reporting, treasury and finance, insurance, business development, planning and analysis, investor relations, tax and internal audit activities. A member of Ashland's Executive Committee, he shares overall responsibility for setting Ashland's global strategy, managing capital, and upholding Ashland's operating principles.
	  
	Willis joined Ashland in 1987 as an associate auditor in the internal audit department. He served in various management positions of increasing responsibility, including leading teams on major projects in the business services, information technology, accounting and finance areas. Spending nearly three years in The Netherlands, he helped lead Ashland's effort to standardize processes and implement accounting and other administrative shared services across European operations.

	In 2004, Willis was designated general auditor. Later in 2007, he was appointed vice president and treasurer of Ashland. Since Ashland's acquisition of International Specialty Products (ISP) in August 2011, Willis served as Ashland's vice president of finance, and controller for Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland's largest and fastest-growing commercial unit. He was responsible for the day-to-day management of the financial organization and processes within Specialty Ingredients and served on the leadership team.

	A native of Richmond, Ky., Kevin earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Eastern Kentucky University and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.


close




J. William Heitman
Vice President and Controller
Read Bio 





J. William Heitman
Vice President and Controller




	Mr. Heitman, joined Ashland in 2008 with more than 30 years of financial experience in various industries, including automotive and chemicals. As vice president and controller, he is responsible for Ashland's global financial accounting and reporting processes, including oversight of accounting policies and practices and external and internal financial reporting.

	Previously, Heitman served as controller for the $9 billion North American Tire operations of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., responsible for all accounting and shared services for North America. While there, he was a key contributor to the significant restructuring of operations and implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and processes related to Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. He joined Goodyear in 2004 after three years of experience in the chemical industry at Ferro Corp., where he served as vice president of finance and interim chief financial officer. At Ferro, he led the financial integration of a sizeable global acquisition and was a key contributor to a $500 million debt-reduction effort. Heitman was also vice president and controller for Moen Inc., where he spent six years. Earlier in his career, he held numerous financial positions during a 16-year tenure with TRW.

	Heitman earned a B.S.B.A. degree in accounting and an M.B.A. in finance from Pittsburg State University, Pittsburg, Kan. He is a certified public accountant and a member of the Financial Executives Institute, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of CPAs.


close




Anne T. Schumann
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Information Technology Officer
Read Bio 





Anne T. Schumann
Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Information Technology Officer




	Anne Schumann was named vice president and chief information and administrative services officer in August 2009. In this role, she holds responsibility for Ashland's global information technology functions, security and facilities management. In March 2017, she assumed additional responsibility for Ashland’s global human resources function and was later named to her current role as senior vice president.

	 

	Schumann joined the company in 2008 as vice president, acquisition integration, at the time Ashland acquired Hercules Incorporated. Previously, she served as Hercules' vice president of information technology from 2006, with responsibility for human resources added in 2008. She joined Hercules in 2000 as vice president of the Hercules Shared Services Center.

	 

	Before joining Hercules, Schumann served as director of finance and management operations for Bryn Mawr College near Philadelphia, Pa. She also spent 11 years with ARCO Chemical Company, holding various management positions in finance, human resources and global business operations. She began her career in 1984 with Continental Illinois National Bank, where she managed corporate banking portfolios.

	 

	A native of Chicago, Ill., Schumann earned a bachelor of science in environmental biology from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. in finance from Indiana University.

	 


close




Keith Silverman, PhD
Vice President, Global Operations, Quality and Environmental, Health, Safety (EHS)
Read Bio 





Keith Silverman, PhD
Vice President, Global Operations, Quality and Environmental, Health, Safety (EHS)




	Dr. Keith Silverman joined Ashland in 2012 as vice president of Environment, Health, Safety (EHS) and Product Regulatory. He oversees EHS programs, including Ashland’s Responsible Care®, occupational and chemical process safety, industrial hygiene, life safety and emergency response, environmental affairs, site remediation and sustainability. In addition, Dr. Silverman also has responsibility for global product regulatory programs, including toxicology, product safety, chemical management and product stewardship. In March 2017, he assumed additional responsibility for global operations.  

	Prior to joining Ashland, Dr. Silverman served as director of product stewardship and science as well as EHS operations for biologics and therapeutic protein manufacturing for Merck & Co., Inc. He spent 23 years with Merck & Co., Inc., holding various positions of increasing responsibility in research and development, global safety and environment.

	Dr. Silverman earned a Ph.D. in environmental health from the New Jersey Institute of Technology and Rutgers University, a Masters of Public Health (MPH) degree in environmental and occupational health from the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, and a Bachelor of Science degree in microbiology from Rutgers University. He is a member of the National TransCAER® Task Group and the International Association of Fire Chiefs Hazardous Materials Committee.


close






Corporate Officers


 Eric N. Boni,
        Vice President and Treasurer
      

 John P. Goswell,
        Vice President, Internal Audit
      

 Scott A. Gregg,
        Vice President, Tax
      

 John W. "Jack"  Joy,
        Vice President, Corporate Development
      

 Michael S. Roe,
        Chief Compliance Officer and Assistant Secretary
      






 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials


 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts


 
Downloads
Downloads



RSS
RSS




Search
Search










Search Investors

Search Investors














efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.
















 Services | Willis Garth J MD Brodheadsville, PA 18322 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons near Brodheadsville, PAWillis Garth J MDServicesWillis Garth J MD208 Kevin Ln Ste 13, Brodheadsville, PA 18322(570) 992-4000View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians General PractitionersArthritisIdeal LASIK candidates have blurred vision caused primarily by corneal distortion or irregular eye shape (as opposed to lens distortions) and relatively healthy corneal tissue. They should be older than 21 years of age, have had stable vision for at least one year prior to surgery, and have no history of serious eye infection or injury within the past year. LASIK candidates should not have auto immune/inflammatory diseases such as lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV, or Crohn’s disease, even if the disease is currently inactive. If you would like more information on whether you are a candidate for LASIK surgery, contact Pocono Eye Associates to schedule a consultation.Primary CareShaelan McCormick, OD graduated from Franklin and Marshall College in 2004 with a B.A. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. She then pursued her O.D. at Pennsylvania College of Optometry. She completed various externships including primary care, ocular disease and contact lenses and graduated with highest honors in 2009. Dr. McCormick joined Pocono Eye Associates in 2009.Family PracticeGarth J. Willis, M.D. graduated with Honors from Ohio Wesleyan University in 1995. He then obtained a Masters in Health Science and a Physician Assistant degree from Lock Haven University in 1998. In 2001, he completed a three-year tour as a Family Medicine Physician Assistant in the U.S. Air Force. Following this, he pursued an MD at the University of Oklahoma, graduating in 2005 with special distinction and as a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honors Society. He then completed his ophthalmology training at the Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia and joined Pocono Eye Associates in 2009.OphthalmologistsEye ExamThe scheduling of regular comprehensive eye exams is important in detecting problems in their earliest stages. In a comprehensive eye exam, our doctors check for multiple eye problems, including far- and nearsightedness, glaucoma, cataracts, and retinal diseases.Cataract SurgeryA cataract results from the natural clouding of the eye’s lens that is produced by proteins that collect in the lens as a person ages. Over time, the vision of a person with cataracts becomes blurry, and many patients have difficulty reading, seeing at night, and distinguishing colors. Although cataracts are unpreventable and irreversible, they are treatable with cataract surgery.GlaucomaGlaucoma is a progressive condition that can damage the eye's optic nerve, potentially resulting in vision loss and blindness. If left untreated, damage to the optic nerve can cause irreversible vision loss. Although glaucoma is not curable, the disease and its symptoms can be managed medically, with laser treatment, or surgically.OphthalmologyPocono Eye Associates, Inc. has been in practice for over 40 years, providing outstanding eye care from our team of skilled ophthalmologists and optometrists. We began as a small ophthalmology practice in the Cresco area and have since grown into a thriving eye care facility that attracts people from East Stroudsburg, Tobyhanna, Brodheadsville, and all over the Pocono region. Our doctors’ expertise and top-notch training, our patient-first approach and our longstanding service to the Northeastern Pennsylvania area have earned Pocono Eye Associates the esteem of patients and colleagues alike. We invite you to contact our office to learn more or to schedule a consultation with our remarkable eye care team.Macular DegenerationMacula, the central area of the retina. It occurs when the macular tissue deteriorates or when abnormal blood vessels develop in the macula. Over time, these problems cause blurred or distorted vision. While macular degeneration cannot be cured, it can be managed with low-vision aids and other medical, laser, and surgical treatments, depending on the degree of degeneration.Laser Eye SurgeryLaser vision correction is changing the lives of many people with nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism by giving them the sharp, functional vision that many have never experienced. This revolutionary treatment uses advanced laser technology to reshape the cornea, thus improving the eye’s ability to focus. Patients who choose LASIK or a similar surgery usually enjoy quick results, speedy recovery, and minimal postoperative discomfort. If you live in East Stroudsburg, Tobyhanna, Brodheadsville, or elsewhere in the Pocono region and are considering laser eye surgery, contact Pocono Eye Associates, Inc. for exceptional care.CataractsNew IOLs like Acrysof ® IQ Restor® (Multifocal) lens can do more than cure cataracts. They can correct additional vision problems and offer excellent near, intermediate and distance vision - even without glasses or contacts.SurgeonsGeneral SurgeryDr. Sonia Mehta graduated Magna Cum Laude from Boston University and received her Doctor of Medicine degree from Boston University School of Medicine where she was awarded the Dr. Samuel & Helen Poplack Award for Outstanding Clinical Competence and Excellence in Patient Care. Dr. Mehta completed her internship in General Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania-Presbyterian Medical Center. She performed her ophthalmology residency at the University of Pennsylvania and Scheie Eye Institute. For her dedication and excellence in teaching, she was awarded the University of Pennsylvania Department of Ophthalmology Teaching Award by the faculty and students. Dr. Mehta completed her two-year vitreoretinal surgery fellowship at Emory University where she was recognized by the Department of Ophthalmology two years in a row for outstanding clinical research.Reconstructive SurgeryDr. Baloh is board-certified by the American Board of Ophthalmology, and he is a member of the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.Plastic SurgeonsBotoxPlastic SurgeryFrank G. Baloh, M.D. graduated from Pennsylvania State University in 1986. He then obtained his M.D. degree from the University’s Hershey Medical Center in 1990 and completed his internship at the University of Pittsburgh. Dr. Baloh next went on to the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, where he received his training in ophthalmology. He then completed his fellowship training in Ophthalmic and Facial Plastic Surgery in Tucson, Arizona in 1995.EndocrinologistDiabetic RetinopathyDiabetic Retinopathy – Diabetic patients are more prone to having retinal diseases. Diabetic retinopathy is a degenerative disease that damages the retinal blood vessels, thus inhibiting the retina’s ability to transmit images. Symptoms range from mild blurred vision to total loss of vision. Treatment for diabetic retinopathy depends on how far the disease has progressed and can include laser treatment of the blood vessels.InternistsInternal MedicineHarry P. Saras, M.D. graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1978. He then pursued his M.D. degree from Hahnemann and graduated in 1982. Dr. Saras practiced internal medicine for six years prior to his ophthalmology residency at Geisinger Medical Center, which he completed in 1991, the same year he joined Pocono Eye Associates. He is currently a board-certified internist, board-certified by the American Board of Ophthalmology, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Ophthalmology.Send to PhoneWillis Garth J MD208 Kevin Ln Ste 13, Brodheadsville, PA 18322(570) 992-4000Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailWillis Garth J MD208 Kevin Ln Ste 13, Brodheadsville, PA 18322(570) 992-4000Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback









J. Kevin Willis - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















J. Kevin Willis
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Ashland Global Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you J. Kevin Willis? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Kevin Willis's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Kevin Willis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Kevin Willis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Kevin Willis through your network of contacts.
												








J. Kevin Willis's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Ashland Global Holdings Inc.


Past
To view J. Kevin Willis's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


J. Kevin Willis's Biography




			J. KEVIN WILLIS (age 51) is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. since September 2016. Mr. Willis held the same positions at Ashland Inc. and served in such capacities since May 2013. Mr. Willis served as Vice President of Finance and Controller for the Specialty Ingredients business unit from August 2011 until May 2013 and Vice President of Finance and Treasurer from 2007 to 2011.
		
Source: Ashland Global Holdings Inc. on 11/21/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Kevin Willis's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like J. Kevin Willis. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Kevin Willis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Kevin Willis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Kevin Willis through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: J. Kevin Willis


















J. Kevin Willis's Connections (61)





Sign up now to view J. Kevin Willis's 61 connections »









Kathleen Wilson-Thompson
Executive Vice President and Global Chief Human Resources Officer, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.









Peter J. Ganz
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.









Michael J. Ward
Board Member, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.









Janice J. Teal
Board Member, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.









Susan L. Main
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated









Kathleen A. Ligocki
Board Member, Lear Corporation









Theodore L. Harris
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Balchem Corporation









Barry W. Perry
Lead Independent Director, Arrow Electronics, Inc.









Mark C. Rohr
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Celanese









Anne T. Schumann
Vice President and Chief Information and Administrative Services Officer, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Ex-Hawks Star Willis Still Flying High In World Of Fashion «  NBA.com | All Ball Blog with Lang Whitaker














































Skip to main content









  




Ex-Hawks Star Willis Still Flying High In World Of Fashion
June 25, 2013  ·  7:33 PM ET


–



by Tracy Weissenberg
When you enter the Willis & Walker Atlanta showroom, you immediately notice the details. The room is made to welcome the customer, make him feel as if he is in his own domain, ready to purchase clothing especially tailored for him.
NBA veteran and former Hawks star Kevin Willis, who studied fashion and textiles at Michigan State, founded the company in 1988 with his college friend Ralph Walker. “Being seven foot, and not being able to go anywhere and buy anything. We weren’t even talking about fashion back then, as far as that sense of style, we just wanted something that we could put on and look halfway decent,” says Willis.
The first product was leather jackets, made after an impromptu trip to New York to buy the leather, which was then sewn by another friend. After seeing people’s reaction to the jackets, Willis and Walker took note of the immediate demand and recognized their potential niche. The company gradually expanded to suits, and in 2003, launched the denim line. Willis now solely runs the company with partners in New York, and talks about the brand’s evolution, saying, “Now it’s more of a lifestyle collection. It’s everything that a man can wear. From outerwear, to knits, wovens, suits, jeans, twill pants, leather, headwear, t-shirts, all of that.”
While one might wonder the steps a professional basketball player took to fully absorb and ingratiate himself within the world of fashion, he did what most other passionate and enthusiastic people out of college do: Internships.
Asked to describe his style, Willis uses the phrase “dynamic elegance” and “simple, classic, modern.” It is the same philosophy he has extended to his brand. And from the showroom, to the collection, Willis’ work is in the details. As he points out, even the company’s logo hints at the shape of a basketball going through a net. While unintentional, it could not be more fitting to reflect the merging passions of the former NBA All-Star.
NBA.com: Let’s first talk about the showroom. What was your philosophy behind this space?
Kevin Willis: I think it’s a gem, it’s a hidden treasure. The location is spectacular, right in Buckhead, it’s off Peachtree. When I came in, it was an antique store at first. So when the gentlemen moved out, it was just open floor. There was nothing here. Great space, beautiful windows. My mind really got going, I was very anxious to start proceeding with developing and building, and designing the whole showroom. Once I got going, it took about one to two months to get to where I wanted to be. We built the cabinets, all of the shelves, we painted, we did four walls, we did all of the glass walls upstairs, I put all that stuff in. I wanted it to feel like it welcomes the consumer. When he comes to the door, I want him to feel that this is speaking to him. I wanted him to feel that he is at home in his own closet, in his own environment, where he didn’t want to leave. That’s what I thought I wanted to create, and we did it. From the apparel, to the seating, the oversized chairs, the larger counters, the oversized sofa, everything is a scale for guys who are taller.
NBA.com: There are so many details that connect the clothing to the design of this showroom. Did you have a hand in all of the interior decorating?
KW: The interior decorating I did all myself. Everything from the very chairs that we’re sitting on, the benches, the artwork, the lights, the shelves that hold the jeans. Everything. Everything has this classic feel to it, where it doesn’t feel that in two or three years you’ll have to change something out because it’s outdated. That’s what I wanted to create. I wanted a timeless feel once you walk in here.
NBA.com: How would you describe your company’s style?
KW: It’s very modern. It’s classic. It has a timeless feel to it. Extremely comfortable. The garments are well-fitted. The fabrics are impeccable. The balance of the garment is really good, from the shoulders, to the length of the coats. The jeans are very comfortable. I offer maybe five different fits, and 24 or 25 different finishes, from washes, to raws, to different coated fabrics, to your clean 10 ounce all the way up to 12 ounce denim, both in salvage and American goods. I use four or five different actual denim mills to create this look, and it’s been fun.
NBA.com: We all take it for granted to be able to walk into stores and buy clothing off the racks. How big a novelty is it for a very tall guy to now be able to walk into a department store and purchase clothing that does not have to be custom made?
KW: I’ve been shopping those stores for many, many years, and I don’t get frustrated because I understand their business model. They don’t focus on guys 6-foot-3, 6-foot-4 and above. That’s not their core customer. Their bottom line is to raise that bottom line, they’re about getting product out that door. My challenge was just to get them to understand there is a customer out there. I know you want that customer, but do you know how to get that customer? I sort of had to educate the buyers, I had to talk to the people on the sales floor and educate them about the actual product, who this customer is, how you could get this customer to come to your store maybe two and a half, three times a year and buy this product. Selling the product, I’m never worried about. It sells itself.
NBA.com: People will walk into Saks Fifth Avenue and see your finished line, but can you talk about the process that it took to get there?
KW: The process was extensive. It was a long road because the biggest challenge, I think for me, was trying to get the fashion industry, or the people in the fashion industry, to take me seriously. That was the biggest challenge. Even though I had a passion, they know Kevin Willis as the NBA player. The guy who played 22 years, or the guy who played with the Atlanta Hawks in my earlier days. I would never say that’s not him, because it is him because the NBA has afforded me to do what I’m doing right now. But I had to educate myself. It’s one thing to make clothes, but knowledge is the key — in any industry. I had to understand the lingo, speak the talk, walk the walk, learn the language, learn the industry. How to put the garments together, from the patterns to the washes, selecting fabrics. Dealing with the manufacturers, so they won’t sort of put your stuff on the back burner because they’re getting a larger order coming in. And build those relationships with those factories, and have a good rapport with those guys, and know how to deal with them since I was a smaller company. Once I did that, I had to start to establish relationships with people in the industry from the media, to the buyers, to the store managers, to the sales teams, sales associates. You have to build relationships with these people, because once the product leaves me, it goes into their hands. If you don’t have that relationship, or they’re not educated about your product, they can’t sell that product. If you can’t sell the product, then the store puts it on sale and tries it that way. If it doesn’t sell then, you’re out the door. Nine times out of 10, they won’t bring you back. My thing was to build those relationships first, because the product speaks for itself. Once I learned about the actual garment, the process, it just fell right into place. I always loved clothing and I wanted to bridge that gap. And I’m speaking for the guys who aren’t in the NBA, or NFL or MLB. They’re just tall men in corporate America or wherever, but they want fashion. They want to look cool, they want to feel sexy, they want to feel like they have not been sort of like outcasted and forgotten about. That was my mission.
NBA.com: That’s very true about lingo. How were you able to learn the fashion industry from the inside out?
KW: The NBA offers its players internships in the summer. When we had our annual meetings every year, every basketball season, two or three seasons go by, and I listened to the guys. One year, I broke my foot and I didn’t have to go to the meetings, but I never forgot in those meetings that we would talk about if you want to further your education, if you want to go back and do what you did in college, or if you have a desire to get to dabble into corporate America — any field, we can provide that service for you. We can get that done for you during the offseason. It was my offseason all year because my foot was broken. I remember contacting the league, and telling them ‘I want to do an internship in fashion, can you guys help me?’ They set everything up. They actually flew me to New York. I had to report to the NBA office, every morning at nine o’clock, fully suited. They would give me my schedule for the day. I would take that schedule, jump in a cab, and go to each one of those appointments, an hour, two hours, and learn everything I could. For four summers straight I did that.
NBA.com: That sounds like a unique situation because you didn’t have to just intern with one company, you got exposed to many different brands.
KW: They were setting me up with appointments with say a company like Perry Ellis. I would go into the Perry Ellis office, meet who I needed to meet, they would give me the everyday process from administrative, to back office, warehousing, distribution, fabrics, how the garment was constructed. Even going to the actual manufacturing plants, where they do all the sewing, and you see tons of stuff. So I had to go through all these different processes and channels and learn this. And they’d go from nine o’clock until five every day. And every day it would be a new company. One of the ones I really remember is called the Doneger Group, and they’re a forecasting group for the entire world. Anything that you need to know, what’s coming out for 2018, 2017, that’s their business. They have all these relationships with people all over the world. Retailers, anybody. They taught me a lot of valuable information that I carry along to this day. I’m still today in contact with those principals who helped me back in 1989.
NBA.com: Lastly, leave us with your vision for Willis & Walker.
KW: My vision for Willis & Walker is to grow it into a lifestyle brand where every guy who’s shared that common thread — I can’t find anything that will fit me — who’s afraid to go into Saks or any of these higher-end retailers, because he’s afraid to be turned down. He’s afraid that they’re not thinking about me. Once I build this brand, he will be able to one day go into those stores and buy something off the rack. Walk out of there with a smile on his face and say, ‘You know what, this guy has figured it out, Willis & Walker has figured it out.’ I want this to be a global lifestyle brand.
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to email (Opens in new window)
Category: NBA Style / Tags: , Kevin Willis, NBA Style / 9 Comments on Ex-Hawks Star Willis Still Flying High In World Of Fashion / 

				
													Both comments and pings are currently closed.

						
					





9 Comments








Rhonda says: 

			June 25, 2013 at 9:21 pm 
I loved this article, the pictures, his clothes, and the questions and answers.  Fun to read!!





Taylor says: 

			June 25, 2013 at 10:23 pm 
That was a really cool video and article.   We don’t all get to see the inside of such an awesome showroom.  I love fashion and I love basketball.  Tall guys now have a great option.  Thanks for pointing me in a great direction.  Gotta get to Saks.





Steve says: 

			June 25, 2013 at 11:02 pm 
Thank you Kevin Willis. I am 6′ 7″  220lbs ex – volleyball player and have been looking for smart fitting outlet like yours for ever. I was just in Atlanta in March. I wish I knew about your store sooner. We will check out for a web site and maybe get your items by mail. Good luck and keep up the good work.





Don't ever CLICK MY NAME!!!! You Have been warned says: 

			June 26, 2013 at 2:35 am 
lol





Kris says: 

			June 26, 2013 at 11:18 pm 
Great article, I’m going to have to get to Saks to check this out. This might be the answer to my prayers, lol.





iivviiccaa79 says: 

			June 29, 2013 at 5:51 am 
I am 6.5 guy and I like it:)
The only problem is I live in Europe, hahaha:)





Get Domain Name says: 

			July 1, 2013 at 11:08 am 
It’s hard to find experienced people for this subject, but you sound like you know what you’re talking about!
Thanks





mens clothing brands says: 

			July 27, 2013 at 5:00 am 
Woah this blog is fantastic i really like reading your posts. Stay up the good work! You recognize, a lot of persons are searching around for this info, you could aid them greatly.





optic fibre cabling says: 

			February 15, 2014 at 2:56 pm 
Because these connections are color coded and desdigned to fit like plugs,
anyone can use them. 4, including Ethernet connectivity, wwill only be supported by version 1.
Norway’s Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg attended
at a memorial service held at Oslo Cathedra on Sunday
24 July 2011 to show off his tribute to 76 people dead of the twin attacks.










| 





 
  Recent Posts 

Editor’s Note


Lang and the Rookies: Do you Pokemon GO?


Lang and the Rookies: Inside Inside the NBA


Lang and the Rookies: Emoji Me


Stance unveils new socks for new season


Dirk Nowitzki, tennis star?


Lang and the Rookies: Pet Sounds


Lang and the Rookies: Trading Cards


Dwyane Wade says thanks to Miami


Kevin Durant throws first pitch with help from Willie Mays


Dennis Schroder is really into video games


Kelly Olynyk goes back to school


Steven Adams gives football a try


Thon Maker meets Wisconsin


Kevin Seraphin is clearly not afraid of snakes


LeBron James sings Happy Birthday to Kevin Love


Lopez Brothers right Star Wars wrong


The Currys know how to get buckets


Drake continues NBA practice court halfcourt shot tour


Steven Adams and Andre Roberson want it that way


  
Twitter Tweets by @kenArms
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
All Ball Player Diary
All Ball Reader Mail
All Ball Talk Show
All-Star
Baron Davis Comeback
Bragging Rights Bracket
Can he ball?
Can They Kick It?
Conventional Wisdom
Crossover Contest
Don’t know about a thousand…
Draft Diaries
Dunk HQ
Extend trade or cut
Fave Five
Fun with photoshop
GWBB
Hang Time Road Trip
Happy Birthday
Hey man nice shot
In Case You Missed It …
Last night in a…
Linsanity
Local Ads
MUSCLEWATCH
NBA
NBA Behind The Scenes
NBA Draft
NBA Finals
NBA in Pictures
NBA Legends
NBA Meet The NFL
NBA Playoffs 2012
NBA Rooks: Diaries
NBA Style
Never gets old
Off The Court
Online Gold
Posterized Poll
Rookie Diary
Sad Trombone
Shaqtin’ A Fool
Talk Show
TBT
The Blake Show
The Breakdown
The Horry scale
The84Draft
This week in Heat schadenfreude
Three for all
Throwback Thursday
Top Plays Theatre
Twitlandia
Uncategorized
Welcome to the NBA
What They Wore


Archives Archives

Select Month
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 June 2010 

 






Search for:



 













Post to



Cancel







 









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			






































































































































































Willis Towers Watson Insurance Group hires Kevin Angelini to drive strategy consulting in Asia Pacific - Willis Towers Watson






































×
Change Web Site





Global | English




Argentina | Spanish




Australia | English




Austria | German




Belgium | English




Belgium | Flemish




Belgium | French




Bermuda | English




Brazil | Portuguese




Canada | English




Canada | French




Chile | Spanish




China | Chinese




Colombia | Spanish




Croatia | Croatian




Croatia | English




Czech Republic | English




Egypt | English




France | French




Georgia | Georgian




Germany | German




Greece | Greek




Hong-Kong | English




India | English




Indonesia | English




Ireland | English




Italy | Italian




Japan | Japanese




Jordan | English




Korea | Korean




Kuwait | English




Lebanon | English




Lebanon | French




Luxembourg | French




Malaysia | English




Mexico | Spanish




Netherlands | Dutch




New Zealand | English




Philippines | English




Poland | Polish




Portugal | Portuguese




Romania | Romanian




Serbia | Serbian




Singapore | English




South Africa | English




Spain | Spanish




Sweden | English




Switzerland | English




Switzerland | French




Switzerland | German




Taiwan | Traditional Chinese




Thailand | English




Turkey | Turkish




Ukraine | Ukrainian




UAE | English




United Kingdom | English




United States | English





Close
















 


×
Email This




                            Willis Towers Watson Insurance Group hires Kevin Angelini to drive strategy consulting in Asia Pacific
                        


                        (A link to this page will be included in your message)
                    


                        * All fields marked with an asterisk are required
                    


                            Recipient's Email *
Please enter a valid email


                        Separate multiple email addresses with commas.
                    


                            Your Email *
Please enter a valid email




Message






                            Send me a copy
                        



Submit
Cancel









Press Release


            Willis Towers Watson Insurance Group hires Kevin Angelini to drive strategy consulting in Asia Pacific
        




                February 9, 2017
            

| China, Hong Kong, Italy
                +1 moreThailand





















HONG KONG, 9 February 2017 — Willis Towers Watson (NASDAQ: 
WLTW), the leading global advisory, broking and solutions company, today 
announced the appointment of Kevin Angelini as Head of Strategy in its insurance 
consulting and software business in Asia Pacific.
Kevin’s appointment to this new role forms part of Willis Towers Watson’s 
strategy to further grow its insurance consulting business from a traditional 
focus on risk consulting and M&A due diligence support, to offering wider 
strategy consulting services. These services will include opportunity 
assessment, competitive landscape and benchmarking, new geography and product 
line strategy, as well as M&A target screening, selection and execution.
A seasoned insurance executive, Kevin joins with 14 years of experience in 
strategy, M&A and new market entry. His appointment took effect on 16th January 
2017. Based in Hong Kong, he reports to Richard Collis, Managing Director for 
the insurance consulting and software business in Asia Pacific.
“Having Kevin on board demonstrates Willis Towers Watson’s commitment to 
serving clients with additional strategy consulting services. His experience 
will bring real added-value to the company and to our clients as we look to tap 
these new opportunities,” said Richard Collis.
A low interest rate environment, changing business and risk management 
processes, insurance as an investment, uncertainty from regulatory change, and 
the digital transformation have impacted the sector. “All of these factors are 
creating fresh challenges and opportunities in the industry. I look forward to 
working with Kevin in making recommendations to clients’ strategic business 
needs,” said Richard Collis. 
Before joining Willis Towers Watson, Kevin was Head of Strategy and Business 
Development at Generali Asia where he was a key member in building its Asia 
regional operation and footprint by creating the region’s Strategy and M&A 
Division from scratch and leading new market-entry initiatives. While at 
Generali, Kevin also worked in China, Thailand and Italy. Prior to Generali, Kevin was with Deloitte’s Financial Services Group in 
London from 2003 to 2006.
Kevin holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from University College London 
and a Master’s degree in Insurance and Risk Management from MIB Trieste School 
of Management.
About Willis Towers Watson
Willis Towers Watson (NASDAQ: WLTW) is a leading global advisory, broking and 
solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for 
growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees 
serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, 
optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect 
and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to 
see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas — the dynamic 
formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential. Learn 
more at willistowerswatson.com.




Media contact


Kok Kuen (KK) Poon
+ 852 2820 8241



Related solutions

Corporate Risk Management and Risk Financing
Insurance Industry Consulting
Investment
Risk Software Solutions











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









