

































Dow R. Wilson | Varian Medical Systems





















Language Select

United States | English
China | Simplified Chinese  (简体中文)
China | Traditional Chinese  (繁體中文)
United Kingdom | English
France | French (Français)
Japan | Japanese (日本語)
Australia | English






Search form









Navigation


OncologyOverviewAboutOncology TrendsOur History & CommitmentOur MissionGovernment AffairsResearch GrantsSolutionsRadiosurgeryRadiotherapyProton TherapyMedical OncologyBrachytherapyProfessional ServicesProductsTreatment DeliverySoftwareCloud-Based AppsReal-time Tracking & Motion ManagementTreatment TechniquesExternal Beam RadiationInternal Radiation Therapy (Brachytherapy)Particle TherapyService & EducationTreatment Delivery ServiceSoftware SupportEducation & TrainingInstallation & ImplementationInteroperabilityEvents & ResourcesCenterlineEventsWebinarsVarian Unite AppFor PatientsProton TherapyProductsProBeam® Proton Therapy SystemProBeam® Compact Single-Room Proton Therapy SolutionProBeam® Multi-Room Proton Therapy SolutionTreatment TechniquesIMPTIGPTSpot ON BlogAbout VarianOverviewVarian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCitizenshipMission and ValuesEmployees and Business PartnersEnvironmentGivingCareersLife at VarianUniversity RecruitingBenefitsInvestorsInvestor InformationAnnual ReportsStock InformationPresentationsFinancialsNews & EventsCorporate GovernanceSocial ResponsibilityShareholder ServicesInvestor ContactsNewsroomPress ReleasesImage GalleryMedical ResourcesCareersLife at VarianUniversity RecruitingBenefitsMedical ResourcesInvestorsInvestor InformationAnnual ReportsStock InformationPresentationsFinancialsNews & EventsCorporate GovernanceSocial ResponsibilityShareholder ServicesInvestor ContactsNewsroomPress ReleasesImage GalleryContact Us






English MyVarian



Contact Us
Newsroom
InvestorsMedical ResourcesCareers













 

Oncology


AboutSolutionsProductsTreatment TechniquesService & EducationEvents & ResourcesFor PatientsTreatment Locator






Oncology TrendsOur History & CommitmentOur MissionGovernment AffairsResearch Grants 





RadiosurgeryRadiotherapyProton TherapyMedical OncologyBrachytherapyProfessional Services 





Treatment DeliverySoftwareCloud-Based AppsReal-time Tracking & Motion Management 





External Beam Radiation 
SRSSABR / SBRTIMRTIGRTVMAT 

Internal Radiation Therapy (Brachytherapy) 
HDRLDRIGBTPDR 

Particle Therapy 
IGPTIMPT 







Treatment Delivery Service 
 

Software Support 
 

Education & Training 
 

Installation & Implementation 
 

Interoperability 
IHE StatementDICOM Conformance Statements 







CenterlineEventsWebinarsVarian Unite App 







For Patients

                          Knowledge is strength. Visit Varian's Patient Information web site to learn more about your treatment options, what to expect during treatment, FAQs, and even patient stories. All designed to help you make informed decisions that impact you or your loved ones in the fight against cancer.                        




 

Treatment Locator

                    Looking for hospitals and clinics that use Varian technology? Use our Treatment Locator to find the centers closest to you.                  







Proton Therapy


ProductsTreatment TechniquesSpot ON Blog






ProBeam® Proton Therapy System 
 

ProBeam® Compact Single-Room Proton Therapy Solution 
 

ProBeam® Multi-Room Proton Therapy Solution 
 







IMPT 
 

IGPT 
 









Spot ON Blog

                          The Spot ON Blog is a company blog about proton therapy for the treatment of cancer. Spot ON Blog will deliver information about new technology developments, system deployments, research and insights from clinicians.                        







About Varian


Varian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceCitizenshipCareersInvestorsNewsroomMedical Resources








Varian Technologies

                          Focusing Energy on Saving Lives                        





Executives 
 

Board of Directors 
 







Mission and Values 
 

Employees and Business Partners 
 

Environment 
 

Giving 
 







Life at Varian 
 

University Recruiting 
 

Benefits 
 







Investor Information 
 

Annual Reports 
 

Stock Information 
 

Presentations 
 

Financials 
 

News & Events 
 

Corporate Governance 
 

Social Responsibility 
 

Shareholder Services 
 

Investor Contacts 
 







Press Releases 
 

Image Gallery 
 









Medical Resources

                          Engaging with clinicians around the world to exchange clinical information, scientific research and expert opinion.                        





















 Navigation

Navigation























 


Executive Profile  






 









OncologyProton TherapyAbout VarianCareersMedical ResourcesInvestorsNewsroomAbout VarianOverviewVarian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceCitizenshipCareersInvestorsNewsroomMedical ResourcesLeadership and GovernanceExecutivesBoard of DirectorsExecutives 



SHARE




 







Dow R. Wilson 



President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 



Dow R. Wilson is president and chief executive officer of Varian Medical Systems, a NYSE-listed medical device manufacturer with more than $2.6 billion in global sales.  Varian designs and manufactures advanced equipment and software products for treating cancer with radiation.  Mr. Wilson is also a member of the company's Board of Directors.
Since joining Varian in 2005, Mr. Wilson has held key executive positions with the company.  Prior to being appointed CEO in 2012, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer and president of Varian’s Oncology Systems business.
Mr. Wilson joined Varian following a 19-year career with General Electric in a variety of senior management positions. He served as CEO for GE Healthcare-Information Technologies, a business that included all of GE Healthcare’s IT businesses plus anesthesia, cardiac, and neonatal monitoring units. Prior to that, he was general manager for a number of GE’s imaging businesses, including the X-Ray, Nuclear Medicine, Computed Tomography (CT), and Positron Emission Tomography businesses.
Currently, Mr. Wilson also serves on the Board of Directors of Varex Imaging Corporation. From 2006 to 2015, Mr. Wilson served on the Board of Directors of Saba, a cloud-based talent management solution used by leading organizations worldwide.  From 2012 to 2014, he served as lead independent director and guided Saba through a CEO transition.  He also served on the Audit and Nominating Committees.  In 2014, he was appointed by U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker to a newly established President’s Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa.  Mr. Wilson also currently serves on the Board of Directors of AdvaMed, a trade association that represents 80 percent of U.S. med tech firms.
A graduate of Brigham Young University, Mr. Wilson also holds an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth.
 





 



One of the reasons I came here over ten years ago was because this is a company that utilizes its resources and talent to help people globally. Our people want to help save lives – they feel passionately about it. I’m very proud of all of them. I’m excited about what they’ll do next.
— Dow Wilson, CEO
 





























 









Wilson Dow Group

































linkedIn
twitter
youtube
email














LeveragingHuman Experiencesto Drive Results
We design and produce experiences that give greater meaning to your objectives, connect your audiences to a shared purpose, and lead them to achieve their goals.


scroll toexplore









Our purpose is tofacilitate their journey,
to provide guidance and organization, to engage their senses, give them a reason to believe in themselves and their purpose, to incite their emotions, build their confidence, inspire their actions, measure their progress, and celebrate their success. To make themthe hero of their own story.










What we do



National Sales
Meetings




User
Conferences



All-Employee
Meetings



Dealer &
Wholesaler
Events




Product
Launch
Events




Communication
Campaigns




Performance
Development













How we do it
The collective wisdom of our diverse experts assures greater success. We are strategists and story-tellers, organizers and architects, dreamers and doers, geeks and gurus, all students of human behavior, insight-driven and results-focused.




strategy & messagedevelopment



creative development& production



digital media strategy& integration



training design& implementation



planning& execution












We believe


every audience, by their human nature, seeks meaning and purpose.


internal audiences want more than marching orders and a paycheck.


external audiences want more than a business partner, an investment opportunity, or an innovative new product.


everyone wants to contribute to something greater than themselves, a higher purpose that gives meaning to their action, to claim their place in the larger, more successful tribe, and raise their voices collectively for a greater good.
They want to change their world.
















 



Wilson Dow, Director, Varian Medical Systems X-Ray Products | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Wilson Dow


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Wilson Dow

Dow Wilson, Jon Wilson, Ronald Wilson, Ron Wilson, Dow R Wilson, SMTP Ronald.wilson, Wilson, Ronald



Director, Varian Medical Systems X-Ray Products




Palo Alto, CA




Find other people named Wilson Dow




General Info


Navigational, Measuring, Electromedical, and Control Instruments Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Dow R. Wilson
 About Varian – Dow R. Wilson
 Executive Vice President; President, Oncology Systems
 Dow Wilson joined Varian Medical Systems in 2005, following a 19-year career with General Electric, in a variety of senior management positions. Most recently, Wilson served as CEO for GE Healthcare-Information Technologies. Prior to that, he served as general manager for a number of businesses, including, at different times, the X-ray, Functional Imaging, Computed Tomography (CT), and Positron Emission Tomography businesses. A graduate of Brigham Young University, Wilson also holds an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Wilson is also a director of Saba Software, Inc., a human capital management software provider.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Wilson Dows on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.varian.com/vms



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Varian Medical Systems X-Ray Products

Director





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Varian Medical Systems X-Ray Products








Cristi Quillen

Sales Representative
Feb-2012








Elisha Finney

Chief Financial Officer









Sandeep Kalelkar, Ph.D.

Sr. Product Marketing Manager









Richard Levy

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer









Robert Kluge

President









George Zdasiuk

Chief Technology Officer









Dennis Coler










Fritz Oderbolz

Manager, Finance & Administration









Mary Espinoza










Alex Durrer

















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Career




Summary




Industry




Website/Blog




Add Education



Add a Social Network



Add a Video



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Photo



Add 3 Achievements



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1000082bbd" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/wilson-dow-3e1429c09e597c1000082bbd">Wilson Dow</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Wilson.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


Varian Medical Systems (VAR) Dow Wilson on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Varian Medical Systems (VAR) Dow Wilson on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJan.25.17 | About: Varian Medical (VAR) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
January 25, 2017 17:00 P.M. ET
Executives
Spencer R. Sias - VP, Corporate Communications and IR
Dow R. Wilson - President and CEO
Elisha W. Finney - EVP, Finance and CFO
Sunny Sanyal - SVP and President, Imaging Components Businesses
Clarence Verhoef - SVP, Finance and Controller
Analysts
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Securities
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Group LLC
Amit Hazan - Citi
Unidentified Analyst - CRM
Operator
Greetings, and welcome to the Varian Medical Systems, Inc First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Spencer Sias, VP, Investor Relations. Thank you, please begin.
Spencer R. Sias
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Varian Medical Systems’ conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. With me are Dow Wilson, President and CEO; Elisha Finney, CFO; Varian Imaging Components President, Sunny Sanyal who will become CEO of Varex Imaging; Varian Controller, Clarence Verhoef, who will become CFO of Varex Imaging; and Magnus Momsen will replace Clarence as our new Corporate Controller and Senior Vice President of Finance. Dow and Elisha will summarize Varian results and Sunny will summarize Varian Imaging operations and we will take your questions following the presentation.
To simplify our discussion, unless otherwise stated, all references to the quarter or year are fiscal quarters and fiscal years. Quarterly comparisons are for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 versus the first quarter of fiscal 2016. References to financial results for orders are to gross orders, unless otherwise indicated.
The company is reporting non-GAAP results in order to provide quarter-over-quarter comparisons of operational performance excluding unusual items. Unless otherwise stated all financial results are discussed on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure is included in our earnings release, which can be accessed on our website.
Please be advised that this presentation and discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our use of words and phrases such as outlook, believe, expect, anticipate, could, should, will, promising and similar expressions are intended to identify those statements, which represents our current judgments on future performance or other future matters. While we believe them to be reasonable based on information currently available to us, these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
Some of the important risks relating to our business are described in our first quarter earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this presentation and discussion, because of new information, future events or otherwise. And now, here is Dow.
Dow R. Wilson
Good afternoon everyone. Our company began 2017 with strong performance in oncology systems, continuing growth momentum in Imaging Components, and a $76 million GAAP charge related almost exclusively to the California Proton Treatment Center or CPTC in San Diego without which we would have handily beaten the high end of our earnings guidance range for the quarter. 
To summarize, our first quarter results we are reporting, strong oncology global order growth of 10% together with a four point improvement in its gross margin rate. Imaging Components gains in both orders and revenues, company-wide revenues of $763 million up 1% in both dollars and constant currency. GAAP net earnings of $0.22 per diluted share, after reporting $0.64 per diluted share in charges related almost exclusively to CPTC. Non-GAAP net earnings of $0.75 per diluted share, after recording $0.34 per diluted share in charges related almost exclusively to an accounts receivable reserve for CPTC and Board approval of the spinoff of Imaging Components into a new public company Varex Imaging in the next few days. 

Focusing first on Oncology Systems, orders totaled $586 million for the first quarter up 10% in both dollars and in constant currency. Broad-based demand for new equipment as well as software and services drove strong order growth across all geographies during the quarter. First quarter orders in the Americas grew by 5% in dollars and constant currency, orders in North America grew by 7% growth in both dollars and constant currency. The trailing 12 month order growth rate in North America is 6%.
First quarter oncology orders in APAC rose by 29% in dollars and 24% in constant currency while EMEA grew orders by 8% in dollars and 10% in constant currency. In India we booked $18 million for a multi-linac project with a customer that will total $35 million over the next 10 years. This is our first combined hardware and software as a service deal in the region and it demonstrates our ability to meet the growing need from customers for a cloud hosted software solutions.
Elsewhere in EMEA we continue to perform strongly in Poland. As you will recall we acquired our distributor there last year. During the quarter we won the majority of tenders and booked more than $20 million. The highlight in our APAC region was China, where we achieved 25% order growth during the quarter with sizable gains in both equipment and services. It appears that competitor protests to tender wins in this market are diminishing and are being resolved more rapidly. We grew orders in Japan where we're seeing positive signs of a market recovery. We supported an SBRT focused luncheon seminar at Jastrow [ph] the Japanese radiation oncology show, where TrueBeam and HyperArc created a real buzz. Several hundred people attended our sessions on SBRT and TrueBeam. Emerging markets in Asia were also active with good orders performance in South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.
Turning to North America our order growth was driven mainly by healthy software and service gains as we expected potential changes to the Affordable Care Act did not appear to impact market performance in the quarter. Touching on our service business, global orders and revenues rose by about 7% in dollars in constant currency with gains in all territories.
On the software side we saw growing interest in our newly introduced 360 oncology software platform particularly from customers in Western Europe. You may recall this offering which was introduced at the ESTRO show in October is a first of a kind software tool that enables clinicians on Tumor Boards to more effectively coordinate patient care among the numerous specialties involved in cancer treatment. We have also continued to have a very positive market response to our RapidPlan and InSightive Analytics software products that help improve the speed, quality, and cost efficiency of treatments. We have now taken more than 700 orders to RapidPlan since its launch and 380 systems are installed at customer sites around the world. Sales of our InSightive product are also ramping up nicely.
During the quarter we received our 100th order for the VitalBeam treatment system. Half of these orders have come from customers in North America which demonstrates the appeal of this scalable solution even in developed markets. Comparing revenues on a trailing 12 month basis we believe we gained market share. Margins which Elisha will discuss in a few moments also benefited from ongoing efforts to reduce product cost.
I will now turn to our particle therapy business which recorded first quarter revenues of $30 million. As I mentioned at the outset of the call, Varian took a $76 million GAAP charge in the first quarter in response to certain actions in January by CPTC and its loan agent or its capital markets to address liquidity issues caused by lower than expected patient volumes that are insufficient to support CPTC’s capital structure. This led us to reserve $38 million in accounts receivable and to impair $38 million of our $98 million loans to CPTC of which $29 million was accrued interest. These charges and the associated limited tax deductibility reduced our earnings in the first quarter by $0.64 per diluted share on a GAAP basis and by $0.34 per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis. 

We are reporting additional information on this matter today in the Form 8-K filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe this center can get on a more solid financial footing by serving a broader patient population with additional health care providers both locally and regionally. We remain confident and committed to supporting all of our customers and to building a profitable proton business based on leading technology that is treating many patients and performing at a high level. Of Varian's 15 proton projects we participated in the financing of only three. As of today our outstanding proton loan balance totals $131 million for CPTC and two other large regional centers in the U.S.
Stepping back from the financing issues, we are generating revenues and are continuing to make good progress on 13 installations. Our sales funnel continues to look promising. Now I'll turn it over to Sunny for his discussion of the Imaging Components business. 
Sunny Sanyal
Thanks Dow and good afternoon. Imaging Components Business had a very busy quarter as we prepared for the spinoff of Varex Imaging and announced the planned acquisition of the medical imaging business of PerkinElmer. First quarter revenues for Imaging Components were 152 million up 7% from the year ago period. Orders for our business were 132 million up 4% from a year ago period.
Going forward as a standalone company Varex will provide a different view than what you've seen in the past. Our public filings will provide a breakdown of revenues and gross margins by two segments, medical and industrial. Each of these segments will include X-ray sources, X-ray detectors, connect and control components, and software suited to their applications.
Revenues for Imaging Components rose during the quarter with solid gains in both medical and industrial segments. Medical revenues increased by 8% with strong growth in CT tubes and dynamic detectors while industrial revenues grew by 6%. We're pleased to see good performance from global sales of dental detectors as well as sales growth for CT tubes in Asia. We continued to see price erosion in the lower priced radiographic portion of our detector business where we were able to maintain revenues with higher volumes. Connect and control revenues in both medical and industrial segments contributed good growth but our medical segment software product revenues were down for the quarter due to softness in veterinary imaging. 
At the end of November we participated in the RSNA Trade Show in Chicago, the largest event for radiology. This show is always a great opportunity to see new imaging equipment products powered by our components being introduced at the show by our medical OEM customers. At this show we also introduced several new products and we enjoyed great customer response to our expanded offerings of collimators and next generation low dose, low cost, flat panel detectors.
In December we announced the signing of a purchase agreement to acquire the medical imaging business of PerkinElmer. We're very excited to add this highly complementary business to our detector portfolio. We're getting a great team that has built a strong brand and product offering in the industrial imaging market in addition to their portfolio of medical imaging products. They also bring us expertise in new detector technologies such as CMOS which will enable us to broaden our offerings with higher resolution solutions for certain applications. We expect to close this acquisition sometime in the summer after the regulatory approval process has been completed.
The spinoff of Varex Imaging is expected to be completed in a couple of days. The when issued trading started on January 20th and the regular way trading is expected to start on January 30th. The past few months have been filled with many meetings and road trip presentations with the investor and analyst community. I invite you to go to our website vareximaging.com, see more about our company and products.

It has been an exciting past year and as we prepare for the separation and I want to thank all the people at Varian and Varex who put in so much time and effort to make this a success. In particular thanks to Dow and Elisha for all their support through this process. Now I'll turn it over to Elisha. 
Elisha W. Finney
Thanks Sunny and hello everyone. We have already covered orders and operations so let me start with backlog. We ended the quarter at 3.4 billion up 2% from the year ago period including a 7% increase in the oncology backlog to 2.9 billion. Backlog adjustments during the quarter totaled 23 million bringing net orders for the company to 699 million. 
Now let me walk you through the P&L. First quarter revenues for the total company were 763 million, up 1% in dollars and in constant currency. Oncology revenues declined 1% in dollars and 2% in constant currency versus a strong year ago quarter. There was a geographic mix shift toward North American revenues which grew 7% in both dollars and constant currency to constitute 48% of oncology revenues in the quarter. 
Imaging Components posted a first quarter revenue increase of 7% with increases in both its medical and industrial segment. Our Particle Therapy business posted revenues of 30 million up 15% from the year ago quarter driven by progress on installation. The total company gross margin for the quarter was 44.1%, up three points due to strong performance in oncology.
Oncology Systems gross margins increased by four points to 46.8% due to favorable product and geographic mix as well as product cost reductions. Imaging Components gross margin for the quarter fell by almost two points to 39.1% as a consequence of a product mix shift toward radiographic detectors as well as stepped up investments and increased production capacities to meet expected long-term demand.
Including the Proton AR reserve first quarter SG&A expenses were 167 million up significantly in dollars and as a percentage of revenue from the year ago quarter. The accounts receivable reserve up 38 million is considered in the ordinary course of business for accounting purposes and therefore is not adjusted out of earnings as a non-GAAP number. Excluding the AR reserve SG&A would have been 129 million or 17% of revenue.
First quarter R&D expenses were 63 million or 8% of revenues equal to the year ago quarter as a percentage of revenue. First quarter operating earnings totaled 106 million or 14% of revenue down significantly from the year ago period due to the Proton AR reserve. Excluding this 38 million reserve, the operating margin would have increased two points from the year ago quarter to 19% of revenue.
Depreciation and amortization totaled 22 million for the quarter. The GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was unusually high because of the proton impairment. The CPTC loan was made by our subsidiary in Switzerland where our tax rate is low so there was very little tax benefit from the loan impairment. Furthermore a large portion of the AR reserve was attributable to our subsidiary in Germany where our tax rate is effectively zero due to large tax loss carry forwards. Had it not been for the CPTC impairment our tax rate would have been about 27% for the quarter. For the balance of the year we believe Varian’s tax rate from continuing operations will be in the range of 25% to 26%.
Fully diluted shares outstanding decreased 3.6 million from the year ago quarter to 94.2 million shares due to our ongoing share repurchase program. Diluted GAAP EPS was $0.22 for the quarter, non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.75 including a $0.34 impact from the Proton AR reserve.
Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of 815 million, debt 607 million, and stockholders equity of 1.7 billion. DSO of 100 days was up one day from the year ago period. First quarter cash flow from operations rose by 6% from the year ago quarter to $82 million.

Primary uses of cash were 17 million for CAPEX and 49 million for the repurchase of half a million shares of stock. As of today we have 8 million shares remaining under our existing repurchase authorization. Varian plans to repurchase 2 million shares in its second fiscal quarter of this year. And now let me turn it back over to Sunny and then Dow for the fiscal 2017 outlook for both Varex Imaging and Varian.
Sunny Sanyal
Thanks Elisha for Varex Imaging we expect revenues for fiscal 2017 to grow by 3% to 4%. Over the 620 million total recorded for fiscal 2016 in our Form 10 filing with SEC. Assuming approximately 38 million shares outstanding and a 35% tax rate we anticipate that GAAP net earnings per diluted share for the second through fourth quarters of the fiscal 2017 will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.30. Going forward Varex Imaging will provide annual guidance.
Now I’ll turn it over to Dow for the Varian outlook.
Dow R. Wilson
Thank you. Beginning with our fiscal second quarter Imaging Components will be reflected as a discontinued operation for the first four months of fiscal year 2017. The company is guiding for continuing operations for the second through the fourth quarters of the fiscal year 2017. For the balance of the fiscal year we believe Varian revenues from continuing operations will grow in the range of 4% to 5% bringing revenue growth for the full year to 3% to 4%. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for the second through fourth quarters of the fiscal year will be in the range of $2.94 to $3.06. For the second quarter we believe Varian revenues from continuing operations will grow in the range of 4% to 5% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $0.84 to $0.90.
To summarize the first quarter, we have demonstrated strength in our oncology business with strong orders that will support future revenue growth. We have successfully set up Imaging Components for continued expansion with an important acquisition in life as a new public company Varex Imaging. And while it was painful, our exposure to particle therapy financing has now been significantly reduced. We are continuing our drive for profitability with over a dozen projects and a healthy sales funnel. Varian is poised now to focus exclusively on providing the world with the technology it needs to beat cancer and our product pipeline has never looked better. We're very much looking forward to the rest of fiscal year 2017. We're now ready for your questions. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator 
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jeffries. Please proceed.
Dow R. Wilson
Hi Anthony.
Anthony Petrone
Hi Dow, how are you? Thanks and good afternoon everyone. Hi, Sunny, hi Elisha. Congratulations on approaching spin 2 to everyone. Good luck, separate companies going forward. I think, Dow I'm just getting some e-mails on sort of the implied full year guidance overall and maybe even more so the implied non-GAAP operating margin guidance for the remaining company. As I'm working it here I think if we give back the $0.34 take into considerations the $0.75 in the quarter and adjust for share count differences, I am coming up with about 450 to 470 in implied full company consolidated earnings. So A) just wanted to check if that math is correct and then B) what would be the implied non-GAAP operating margin outlook for Remain Co? And then a couple of follow ups for Sunny. 
Elisha W. Finney
Yeah, so Anthony let me let me take a stab at it and please bear with this guys as we as we said because of the spin it is just -- it's going to be a little messy and so we're going to try and clear this up to the best we can. In Q1 it really is apples and oranges because we've got both Varian and Varex. We've got some duplicate costs and then of course we've got the complicating factor with the AR reserve that we could not adjust out for non-GAAP purposes. So we decided let's each guide Q2 through Q4 as standalone companies as continuing operations. What I can say though Anthony and this is a very, very rough, back of the envelope rule of thumb, is when I have looked at what continuing operations is for fiscal year 2014, 2015, and 2016 and some of the quarters and these are unaudited so they have not been published anywhere yet, they will be. The continuing operations is anywhere from 75% to 80% of our reported numbers. So if you were to consider, I don't know which number you want to use but assuming you start with the $1.09 that excludes the AR you can take 78% of that, it gets you to $0.85 and you could then add that to Varian's guidance which at $3 on the midpoint would put you at 385 for the fiscal year. Was that as clear as mud.

Anthony Petrone
That does help and I think we can run an implied operating margin guidance but I guess some confusion around that would be... 
Elisha W. Finney
Of course, sorry I forgot that part of your question. For these -- for Q2 through Q4 it should be in the range of 18% to 19% and then as I mentioned for Q1 without the AR reserve we would have been at 19% but of course that includes some Varex Imaging numbers in there. 
Anthony Petrone
Okay, and then the follow-up for Sunny would be the 7% growth number in the first quarter was ahead of what we were expecting and so I guess the question there is are there new contracts that were won in there or was there normalization of Toshiba? And then the follow up question would be on the Varex implied guidance. What does the operating margin profile look like through the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Sunny Sanyal
Yeah Anthony, first of all we have had really good growth for the last three to four quarters and it's a very good sign and we have confidence in the recovery path that we're on. For this quarter we had some easy comps so the first half as you recall, our first half of 2016 was soft so for the second half we've got some tough comps and so the 3% to 4% is what we were anticipating for fiscal year 2017.
Clarence Verhoef
You know second question on operating margins I'm sorry so I will take that. Anthony, this is Clarence. The operating margins for the balance of the year, the Q2 through Q4 will be in the range of 16% to 17%. There is a little bit of incremental SG&A cost associated with being a standalone company and then I guess as Elisha kind of alluded to there is just a ton of complication in trying to understand exactly what the Q1 number is. So therefore we're just really trying to give a cleaner answer is to just talk about the Q2s and Q4. Along those lines a little bit maybe one additional bit of information where you'll get more visibility to this as we will file a 10-Q for Q1 at the end of February and it's going to have a lot more breakdown of that and we'll be able to give you a little more color on the one time separation costs that are included in there.
Anthony Petrone
Thanks. I’ll hop back in queue. 
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Henry with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Brandon Henry
Yes, thanks for taking my question. The first on the Oncology Systems gross margin, looks like they continue to make good progress in the quarter. I think you mentioned last quarter that the gross margins for Oncology Systems would kind of be in the 44% to 45% range. I think you were above that range this quarter. So does that guidance now appear conservative and then maybe you can just talk about your expectations for gross margins for the remainder of the year for Oncology Systems?
Dow R. Wilson
You know on the quarter we had good product mix, good geographic mix, and then something we've been talking about last four to five quarters, we've had very good cost performance and variable cost performance on the product cost and installation warranty. Elisha can walk us through some of the guidance impact but those are the big drivers on the quarter.
Elisha W. Finney
Yeah, so at this point Brandon I am preferring to stick to the 44 to 45. I feel quite confident in those numbers given the performance that oncology has had the last several quarters. They really started to improve gross margin in the second half of last year so the comps get a little more difficult. But clearly I mean the business has done an outstanding job of maintaining stable pricing, product cost reduction, higher software, that would be the upside. If the stock were mixed we are to increase then clearly that could be some upward bias on the margin. But we're sticking to 44 to 45.

Brandon Henry
Okay and then separately I think you mentioned that you were seeing some positive signs of a market recovery in Japan and I think that's kind of the first time I've heard that in a while. So can you give us some more details on that commentary and is the government again kind of picking up spending like what we saw in the past or is that something else?
Dow R. Wilson
Well we unfortunately have not seen any new incremental government stimulus spending. That's what really drove this market three to four years ago. So, we haven't seen that but we have seen kind of a stabilization of the market with a little bit of growth. So, and that's two quarters in a row now. So we connected the dots. I mean I think it's still early but our funnel looks pretty good and that market has come down pretty substantially from where it was two to three years ago. But we're starting to see some turnaround. Our shares have been good there too.
Brandon Henry
Okay and then just last question on China, I think you said there was 25% order growth in the quarter for China. How much of that was attributable to a resolution of the previous protests and then can you just talk about your expectations for China for the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Dow R. Wilson
You know the protests piece was anniversary and so in fact what you're really looking at is growth. So we feel good about that. The market is strong and funnel remains good, the team is executing very well. I'd say that we continue to do very well especially at the high end of that market and get orders -- good orders there so, good execution in a good market.
Brandon Henry
Okay, thank you.
Operator 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Dow R. Wilson
Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson
Hi guys, how are you? Good, alright, so let me ask two hopefully quick questions and then I think I'm more confused after we went through the questions with Anthony but I want go through few numbers here if I could but first Dow just on the Proton business, you write down some of the scripts business, you gave a number that you still have $131 million exposure out there, what is the risk to that exposure number one? And number two, what your appetite may be for financing additional field down issue here? 
Dow R. Wilson
Great questions. So the total exposure as I said is $130 million. We've got $60 million remaining to CPTC in San Diego. We've got $50 million outstanding sub debt to Maryland and we've got $20 million of sub debt to New York. So those are the three that we have outstanding. I'd say feel very good about New York and Maryland and where they are. Large centers, Maryland is coming up to speed very, very quickly, fastest ramp. We believe in Proton Therapy, they're now doing 60 to 70 patients. They've got one more BeamLine coming on next month which should reduce the patient volume again a little bit more. 
In terms of appetite for more of these, these are all very large centers. I'd say that we don't have much appetite for large centers but we still look to use the balance sheet where there is a lower breakeven point, a smaller center, where we're a partner with reputable financing partners, where we're not the largest lender and where we're working with clinical partners who are leaders in their markets. So, for example in the case of both New York and Baltimore we are working with local leaders in their markets and that makes a big difference. 
And then of course we want I think the deal structure on this one was a little bit unique. We did it in 2011. So our first probing, show site, and in any case I think we want to make sure that we've got a local partner with some skin in the game. Elisha you have anything to add there. 

Elisha W. Finney
No, I would just say we are encouraged that big banks are continuing to finance Proton Centers. Varian has sold off as indicated a 120 million of loans that we had initially put on these centers. We sold off New York and a portion of San Diego. And the Muni [ph] financing program in Georgia from what we hear is continuing to proceed well. So I do think this is somewhat of a unique situation as Dow mentioned. 
Jeff Johnson
Okay, and then Elisha maybe not a technical accounting explanation because I really don't want to hear that but out of the $73 million write off you guys excluded $38 million. But there's another $38 million that we essentially have to take out of your SG&A and to non-GAAP earnings and things like that to get it apples-to-apples? 
Elisha W. Finney
That is correct Jeff and it's because and I won't give you any technical accounting but it's because from a SEC guidance standpoint accounts receivable is deemed in the ordinary course of business. It's not deemed unusual and something you can adjust into a non-GAAP number. 
Jeff Johnson
Okay and so the question where I want to step through a couple things is just if I look at your disclosures you get 70.3 million in non-GAAP net earnings. I need to add back about 35 million to that so your non-GAAP net earnings X all of the noise of the write off would have been closer to 102 million to 105 million or so, is that correct?
Elisha W. Finney
I've got it on EPS Jeff because the tax rate change between the GAAP and the non-GAAP as well because again a lot of the AR was attributable to Germany at a 0% rate. The loan is at Swiss rate so the non-GAAP tax rate is 34.5 I think it was, where as GAAP is 48. Suffice it to say let me do it -- let me give it to you this way, let's just assume you start with$0.75 -- let's assume you start with $1.09. You add the two numbers together, $0.34 is the AR reserve $0.30 is the loan impairment, and then you've got $0.23 of other stuff like the spend and litigation and amortization of intangibles and those sorts of things and that's how you get to the $0.22 GAAP. 
Jeff Johnson
Alright that's fine. X all that noise and we could use your $1.09 number for the quarter that equates to a little over $100 million in net earnings X that. So if we start there is a base I don't want to dominate the time here but if we start there is a base. You're guiding over the next three quarters. I think between the two businesses, the net earnings and if we take the EPS out of it just because again the share count changes with Varex and that you're guiding to about 330 million in net earnings between the two companies, if I add that to the 105 million or so you're essentially guiding combined companies all noise out of it at somewhere around 435 million I think. Is that about reasonable because the street was at 442, I think you guys are guiding somewhere around 435 and there are some big numbers floating around here in emails and all that that you guys are cutting $0.20, $0.30, $0.40 out of what where Street has been thinking and I'm just not getting it that big?
Elisha W. Finney
Well, let me take a stab at this. Jeff I will answer for Varian and I'll let Clarence answer for Varex. Q2 through Q4 when you run through our guidance you are going to see we are somewhere between call it 280 million and 290 million of net income for Varian. Then you need to take about 78% of Q1 net income assuming that’s what continuing operations will be for Varian and add it to that number and then on top of that you would need to add the Varex net income for Q2 through Q4.
Clarence Verhoef
And that number just using the $1.20 to $1.30 range and I remember shares outstanding is somewhere in the range of 45 million to 50 million of net income after tax. One of the challenges there by the way also Jeff is that the Varex tax rate is significantly different than the Varian tax rate. Our tax rates in the range of 35%.

Jeff Johnson
Yes, understood. And then just on top of that Clarence just add the 22% or whatever it would be from the Q1 105 million or so?
Clarence Verhoef
That’s a fair approximation at this point in time from us. Let's call it a non-GAAP perspective because that would exclude pro forma and look back time separation costs and the like.
Jeff Johnson
Alright, oh, I think my numbers are right but I'll follow up with you guys after offline just to make sure but I appreciate the time. Thanks guys. 
Dow R. Wilson
Sure.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Tycho Peterson
Hey thanks, question on the viability of the particle therapy market. You know I know Jeff asked your earlier about your willingness to finance but Indiana did shut down, San Diego is having a liquidity issues, can you maybe just talk about you know the health of some of the other projects underway and why you think there's still a viable market here?
Dow R. Wilson
Yeah, I mean I think when we look into the funnel we still have a good funnel. Indiana was a very specific case with some extremely old technology that's been a little blown out of proportion. But that center was 20 to 30 years installed and installed as frankly as kind of a research center with a little bit of clinical lad on. So I think its failure has been a little overstated in the marketplace. There were some procure issues in the market a couple years ago. Now San Diego I think the transition from these really, really large centers to small center, something we've been talking about on our call is very much going on in the marketplace. I mean this center would be very viable as a two or three room center financially and so it's got a tough capital structure. It maybe a little bit over built for the market in the market position. We do think that as it regionalizes and has opportunity to bring some more customers in especially in the San Diego area, that it can be viable. So I think there are some very specific things about San Diego that made it that way. We're still, of our 15 customers, 12 are cash paying. So we've got the three that I talked about and we feel very good about where two of those are. And clearly nobody is proud about this but we feel pretty good about where things are headed.
Tycho Peterson
And then maybe can you just touch on what you're hearing from your customers in the U.S. on the CAPEX front. I mean your orders held up okay in North America and as you highlighted a lot of that was software and service but I'm just thinking about the remainder of the year did you see a freeze on CAPEX budgets?
Dow R. Wilson
You know everybody is watching what happens in Washington but I'd say at this point in time we're not seeing a change in our funnel shape or size. And as I said in the call our -- in the script our rolling 12 month performance in North America is 6%. I would say that's pretty good for 12 months and from a funnel point of view we're not seeing that change. Clearly who knows what's going to happen in Washington and everybody is watching. But it's not changing behavior in the short-term.
Tycho Peterson
Okay and then just two modeling ones. For dyssynergies can you tell us what the -- guidance, I know you talked about 20 million over two years, should we just assume 10 million this year?
Elisha W. Finney
We will exit this year with 10 million of dyssynergies out. It has a roughly a 50 basis point impact on the EBIT margin this year that we also our tax rate is going to go down because as Clarence mentioned Varex is at a higher tax rate. So we are helped at the after tax line.
Tycho Peterson
Okay and then for Sunny, the Varex guidance doesn't include anything for synergies right, assuming obviously that deal hasn’t closed yet?

Sunny Sanyal
No, it is standalone Varex. 
Tycho Peterson
Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kamar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar
Hey Dow, how is it going? Thanks for taking my question. I just maybe go back to the guidance question right. If you just go back simplistically maybe Elisha there's a question for you, on the last call so we thought that the combined rate was with the pre-oncology piece EPS would do high singles. So if we did $4.68 of EPS last year that implies somewhere around $5, call it 5 around that ballpark and I think the new guidance is $4.60 at the midpoint. I guess part of the delta, that $0.40 delta is the dyssynergies right which is maybe $0.20 but it still feels like there's a $0.20 delta between how we were thinking about numbers three months ago versus now, I just want to make sure was there anything else from an accounting perspective that I'm missing the way I'm thinking about numbers? Thank you.
Elisha W. Finney
I'm not sure Vijay, let me let me walk through it one more time in terms of our if you take the midpoint of our Q2 through Q4 so let's call it $3 and then you add the 85% for Q1, now there's about four months there where we have some duplicate costs that we're absorbing. It is probably I don't know 4 pennies or so that we're absorbing while Varex has been out hiring duplicate positions. That would compare to the $4.68 from last year and don't hold me to this, it is unaudited but the continuing operations number for Varian is $3.68 and for Varex is about $1. So that -- call it $3.90 compares to the $3.68 if you just look at it that way.
Vijay Kumar
I guess we will take this off line because I'm not sure, I get the math completely to be honest Elisha. I guess maybe one on -- in a doubt on the Proton business, a lot of questions here on -- for the other parts of the businesses right, other contracts you have you mentioned 15 projects right?
Dow R. Wilson
Yes. 
Vijay Kumar
I guess the reason for the financing issue was volumes, can you just talk about why for the other projects volumes wouldn't be an issue, is this a reimbursement issue or I'm just trying to understand was this more regional issue for them in California?
Dow R. Wilson
I'd say this is very much an issue in San Diego. So, first of all about 15 orders I have top -- count off top of my head but at least 10 of them are outside of the U.S. So there tends to be, it's not true in every case but it tends to be sovereign government purchases. So those are in pretty good shape. You know one or two of them are not, one or two of them are private but the vast majority of them are sovereign government purchases, backstop that way. So should be very good from a credit point of view. In the U.S., I mean New York the lead customer there is the top cancer center in New York City. They're already sending very significant numbers of patients to other centers. So as they build their own center they'll pull that volume back to this center. So we feel very good about the viability of New York. Baltimore is ramping very nicely. Little bit of a slow start but they've gotten to 60 to 70 patients and now they open in February last year. So just in a year they've ramped up very nicely. Good reimbursement environment there and I think this is really kind of about some of the very specific contractual things and market conditions that were in San Diego.
Vijay Kumar
Got you, and maybe up one for Sunny, a lot of questions Sunny on the outlook for Varex. I guess maybe simplistically if I look back margins for your business was in the mid 20's. We're now looking at high teens. Is there, if I just had to look at it from a medium term perspective is there any reason why peak margin shouldn't go back up to 25% or are there any reasons why the new I guess normalized margins would be below sort of a historical peak?

Sunny Sanyal
So we've communicated previously that we see as we have we expect margins to climb back up to 20% from where we are today in the 17%ish range and that's how far as we see at this point. We don't see a way to get back to the 25%ish range. Those were at a point in time when low end of the radiographic flat panels range, the pricing impact was less. But also overtime we've added more R&D and big R&D investment so with that as our base costs we see us getting to 20%ish.
Vijay Kumar
And maybe just one last and I know I'm taking time here, on I guess if you look at the guidance for Varex and Q1 obviously is off to a strong start, any reason why you have had numbers improving over the last couple of quarters, why rest of the year should be 4% for the business?
Sunny Sanyal
So as I said earlier, significant part of the reason is the comps. First half of 2016 versus first half of 2017. We had a tough first half in 2016 so came off a relatively easier comps. We had a very strong second half in 2016 so we got pretty strong comps going into the second half. So that's why we're expecting at this point to net out at 3% to 4% for fiscal year 2017.
Vijay Kumar
Got you, that was helpful guys. Thank you.
Elisha W. Finney
And Vijay just before you go I just want to remind you guys unfortunately this guidance is complicated because the continuing operations accounting is not yet done. When it is we will be posting this historical numbers on our website and will come out -- we're going to post FY -- the ANNUAL FY 2014, 2015, and 2016 next week or soon thereafter, and then we're going to give you quarterly continuing operations at the pretax level next week as well. So you'll have a lot more information on looking at Varian and Varex as independent companies.
Vijay Kumar
That would be helpful Elisha because a lot of questions I'm getting as. Looks like -- the guidance was cut I'm not sure I'm sure you know there's a lot of accounting math here and we'll take it offline but those disclosure think would be helpful. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Hazan with Citi. Please proceed.
Q - Amit Hazan
Hey Good afternoon guys. Let me surprise you and stick with the guidance topic maybe I’ll approach it in a little bit of a different way that I'm less interested in the mechanism around that than I am around how to model remaining Varian in a little bit longer term. So if you think about it kind of as fiscal year 2018 or down to 2017 maybe better fiscal 2018 give us a sense of what the operating margin aspiration is going to be for you but is it kind of 18% to 19% in fiscal 2017, what is it going to be in fiscal 2018, and maybe that'll help us to try to understand what kind of earnings growth the model off of what many of us I think are going to come off and I think many of us are going to be around $4.10 for fiscal 2017, so how do we grow above that?
Elisha W. Finney
Yes, So I mean we did the long-term kind of expectations at the top line will be in the mid single digits. We're not coming off of that. So that remains to be true. From a pretax margin, it's a little harder post then to get to that 22. I'm going to make a lot of this up in the tax rate. So if we can go from 18 to 19 up to 21 in the next two to three years that is what we're going to be aiming for. So it's 18 to 19 as our expectation for this -- for the balance of this fiscal year and then I would hope to get at least 25 to 50 basis points as we go forward into the fiscal year 2018 as well.
Q - Amit Hazan
Okay, so let me turn to sales, I don't think this has been covered yet. On the sales volume, especially while you guys actually reiterated your 3% to 4% guidance net reported number despite the fact that currency has gone against you. So, the FX effect on guidance really is what the FX number that you are guiding to is actually you're putting forward a kind of an increase of your FX guidance essentially. So, I want to make sure that that's confirmed with you and then secondly, in the Proton piece and you talked about that being up in fiscal 2017, do you still feel comfortable that that's going to be up this year?

Elisha W. Finney
So in terms of FX if I look at where both the Euro and the yen are today versus the year ago period it is roughly neutral. There's a little bit of a help with the yen and a little bit of hurt with the Euro and those tend to net out. So the FX impact on Q1 was very little. I'm expecting if rate stay stable where they are today and the balance of the year then FX was going to be pretty neutral to the balance of the year. Protons we are expecting growth. I am being very cautious just obviously in light of what the impairment that we've announced. We will be recording service revenue on the CPTC proton center on a cash basis because once I impair a receivable and a loan then it doesn't make any sense that I can then start to accrue revenue for that. So I'm a little less -- a little less optimistic on protons today just because of the situation we are in. But I would say that's offset by a little more optimism in our oncology business which is just doing very well.
Q - Amit Hazan
Let me just follow up on that just as the last question so, the currency has moved a lot since you gave guidance about three months ago. So the dollar is strengthened a lot against the Euro and against the yen and so maybe I don't if I understand why it would be the same now than it was three months ago for you. And given the proton piece if you're a little bit more cautious on that you're still kind of -- you still feel good though that we should be within that range of 3% to 4% that you gave three months ago?
Dow R. Wilson
I mean, it is not even clear how we've built the guidance on the revenue side is when you look at our last two or three quarters in oncology they've all been very good. So we have certainly had the orders. I mean just in this quarter alone the oncology backlog was up 6% or 7%. So we've got a very good backlog there and the margin position in the backlog as we've talked about looks very good.
Q - Amit Hazan
But you know -- yeah, go ahead. 
Elisha W. Finney
Sorry, the Euro has barely moved from when we gave guidance last. I mean in Q1 our average rate was 108, as of today it is 107. I would -- that's is the level. A little bit of help on the yen, a little bit -- so but they tend to be roughly an offset. The impact was very small in Q1 and we expect that for the balance of the year. 
Q - Amit Hazan
Okay, just one final clean up question on the share purchase, you said you would buy 2 million shares, is that incremental to what you usually buy or is that just -- you are just going to because that is pretty close to what you guys usually do in the quarter, how should we model that. 
Elisha W. Finney
Well now that's a little higher than what we have typically been doing when we were one Varian it was 1 million to 2 million shares per quarter typically. Obviously with Varian standalone there's going to be cash flow from operations will be lower by about 20%. We are just front loading so, we did 500,000 in Q1 and the plan is under 10b51 that we will do 2 million in Q2.
Q - Amit Hazan
Okay, thanks very much guys. 
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Anthony Petrone
Great for fitting me into the follow-up, just a couple of follow-ups for Sunny and then maybe one for Elisha. I'm just trying to get to a full year earnings number and so we have 120 to 130 for the remaining four quarters and I know Clarence you mentioned you have to sort of tax it under a different tax scheme using 35%. So my implied range for Varex for the year is 166 to 186. I'm not sure if that makes sense, if I'm in the ballpark so any feedback there would be helpful and then just on the consolidated guidance I'm just wondering, what is in there for stock based compensation, I guess more so for Remain Co? Thanks again.

Sunny Sanyal
Well let me let me start out by first of all saying that it’s for Q2 to Q4 it's 120 to 130. And I have because of the carve out costs or the spin off costs in Q1, it's going to be lower than the average of those three quarters, okay. So I would just say that Q1 is going to be at a lower rate. I'm not ready to talk through the specifics of it yet because we haven't finished determining what those are, that's part of this discontinued ops discussion that we also were talking about previously. So give us a little bit of patience here to get to that number and so I can't -- I probably can't give you exactly the answer you're looking for, for the full year.
Anthony Petrone
That’s helpful.
Sunny Sanyal
Then the question about the stock based comp I guess it's fundamentally at the same level of those as historical and so I guess the question is a little bit about are you asking what the mix is between Varex and Varian, is that the question.
Anthony Petrone
Maybe just some more simply, what is the level of stock based compensation reflected in the guidance for both Remain Co and Varex?
Elisha W. Finney
I don't want to get down to that level of detail. I would tell you in Q1 for total company it was 11 million was what was included. We’re just not going to post the guidance in that detail.
Anthony Petrone
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from line of [Indiscernible] with CRM. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst 
Hey guys, on the Varex side for some sort of housekeeping, can you give us a sense or an update of what cash or debt the balance sheet will look like at separation for Varex?
Clarence Verhoef
Yeah, so a level of cash is going to be around $25 million to $30 million with a good portion of that being offshore and then the level of debt will be around 200, a little bit north of 200 million.
Unidentified Analyst 
Okay great, and then you gave us a slide deck for Varex when you were doing the road show that had 147 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2016. And so if you do the comparison year-over-year it's not 7% it's more like 3% or 4%, is there just some sort of difference there? 
Clarence Verhoef
Yeah, it's a little bit of an apples and oranges. That 147 includes the intercompany sales to oncology. So you would actually take the Varian Imaging Components number of 152 and add 5 million to it if you are going to look at Varex as a standalone entity, and then you're back to 7% again.
Unidentified Analyst 
I see and then just to clarify what you're saying Clarence about EPS, the GAAP guidance you're giving us includes stock comp and DNA so it is just a pure GAAP number?
Clarence Verhoef
That's exactly right.
Unidentified Analyst 
Okay and then on the close of the PKI deal I seem to recall you guys originally saying sort of April, May, maybe now you're saying summer, has there been a change there?
Clarence Verhoef
No, April is the earliest that it can be done. We've put built out into the actual purchase agreement that April is the earliest. But it's just that the assumption is that the Hart Scott Rodino review process could take longer if it goes through a second review cycle and the like. And so, it's totally a speculation at this point time. I, from a planning perspective we're planning it out as if it’s the first of April but the timing could be delayed just because of that process.
Unidentified Analyst 
Okay, and then in terms of orders at Varex, can you sort of talk about your largest customer order patterns there up year-over-year or they just sort of in line stable? And any comments on China versus Japan, I guess Sunny alluded to that in his comments?
Sunny Sanyal
Yes, so I’ll take it as two separate questions. In general we see strength in our CT tubes business in China and that continues to be a good solid trend for us we've made a lot of investments in that area and it's a core part of our growth strategy. Orders performance has been consistent with how this business has performed so there's nothing unusual there. Their performance with our largest customer Toshiba continues to be -- it's come back towards normal and the relationship and everything we do with them is solid foundations are very strong there.

Unidentified Analyst 
As you alluded to Sunny a little bit of volumes versus price with the volumes being strong and price somewhat we see you still seeing the impact of the renegotiations due to FX in late 2015 maybe a little more color around some of the pricing?
Sunny Sanyal
So, first of all the price pressures are predominantly in the low end of the detector space which is a radiographic detectors which is also our smaller part of our detectors business. In there the price -- those price adjustments that happen that were at one point triggered by the FX situation but in general pricing in that segment even after, it was a onetime correction but we saw a pretty significant prior significant price adjustment. But now the price erosion is down to what I would call as historical levels there in the mid single-digits range and that's what we saw in this quarter but we had good volume which offset that.
Unidentified Analyst 
Great, thanks for the color and good luck.
Sunny Sanyal
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. We have no further questions in queue at this time I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Dow R. Wilson
Thank you and thank you all for participating. A replay of this call can be heard on the Varian investor website at www.varian.com/investor where it will be archived for a year. To hear a telephone replay dial 1-877-660-6653 from inside the U.S. or 1-201-612-7415 from outside the U.S. and enter confirmation code number 1365-1576. The telephone replay will be available through 5PM this Friday January 27, 2017. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All VAR TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #021c71b0-7007-11e7-8959-0f814d658c1d
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #02481590-7007-11e7-9972-697d70f4c407
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          











Wilson Dow Group Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Wilson Dow Group ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Wilson Dow Group Logo Wilson Dow Group Logo Wilson Dow Group Is this your company?Overview Overview 10 Reviews -- Jobs 5 Salaries 1 Inter­views 11 Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review Wilson Dow Group Reviews Updated June 14, 201710 reviewsFilterFilterJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– Chicago, IL Area (includes HQ)Employment StatusContractFreelancePart-timeInternFull-timeCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllWilson Dow Group104.5StarStarStarStarStar[]trueRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOMark Dow5 RatingsClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDate Jun 14, 2017 Helpful (1) Wilson Dow Group Logo"This Company is Like a Unicorn -- Unique Work, Caring Owners, Wonderful Staff"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Creative in Chicago, ILCurrent Employee - Creative in Chicago, ILRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than a year)ProsI have worked at some wonderful companies and some truly terrible offices, but not one of them comes close to the experience I've had at Wilson Dow. This is a company that cares, that really, truly gives a crap about each employee.The work is hard -- there's no denying that. It takes extreme talent and finesse to pull off the high caliber events, communication plans, and training that this company executes, and they hire accordingly.Integrity is a must here. If you miss a deadline, people will notice and clients can and will hold you accountable. Fortunately, the pace of work is manageable and (usually ) realistic.The in-office perks, such as fridges stocked with La Croix and pantries full of snacks cannot be beaten.I've worked at many companies that claimed the culture was "like a family" , but this company really is -- in a non-creepy way. Babies and marriages and personal successes are celebrated by the whole company. There are many opportunities to have fun, to enjoy spending time with your coworkers, and to advance your career.ConsI honestly have no cons aside from the occasionally long days for events and pitches, but that comes with the territory.Advice to ManagementThe company culture as it exists now is phenomenal but delicate. As you continue to grow, don't forget to hold onto the things that make this place unique.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (1) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2017-06-14 06:18 PDT Aug 23, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great work environment where co-workers become family (though lack of transparency with leadership)"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Account Manager in Chicago, ILFormer Employee - Account Manager in Chicago, ILRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI worked at Wilson Dow Group (Less than a year)ProsGreat work environment and staff.ConsLack of Transparency w/ LeadershipAdvice to ManagementBe open/honest and communicate with your employees that have become family and committed to your organization.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-08-23 09:48 PDT Feb 6, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Working at Wilson Dow"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, ILCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, ILRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group (More than 10 years)ProsGreat culture with really extraordinary people. Top tier clients with diverse projects.ConsThere is a lot of growth over the past few years, the pace can be challenging at times.Advice to ManagementContinue to hire high octane talent and hold onto your unique culture.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-02-06 20:23 PST Aug 10, 2015 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Excellent Place to Work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, ILFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, ILRecommendsPositive OutlookI worked at Wilson Dow Group full-timeProsSmart people, diverse projects, lots of opportunity to do new things and advance. Pushing the bar on excellence. Access to cutting-edge technologies and methods. Fast pace. Opportunity to travel. Good pay and benefits.ConsThe same as any agency, especially in the event space: long hours, deadline pressure, crazed clients who don't always plan well. Occasionally too much travel. You need to be able to manage deadlines and a chaotic workload. The pros outweigh the cons if you know what agency work is like.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2015-08-10 13:32 PDT Dec 14, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"First Rate Company and Employer"StarStarStarStarStarCurrent Freelancer - Anonymous FreelancerCurrent Freelancer - Anonymous FreelancerProsSmart, kind people in collaborative, supportive environment doing first-rate work. Strong executive leadership drives a warm, fair, professional and welcoming culture.ConsI have experienced no downside to working with Wilson Dow.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-12-14 09:35 PST Nov 12, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Wilson Dow is Special"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than 10 years)ProsThey are really focused on their peopleConsIt's not for everyone. You'll be challenged but also rewarded for it.Advice to ManagementMaintain the awesome cultureShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-11-12 20:40 PST Aug 23, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Excellent Atmosphere"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than 3 years)ProsThe people make this company one of the absolute best places to work. Management truly cares about employees as individuals with needs and a life outside of work. The nature of this industry can be grueling, but working with people who quickly become like family makes it worthwhile. Benefits are second to none.ConsThe hours and expectations can be demanding. You are often expected to answer emails & phone calls outside of work hours. If you're looking for a "typical" 9-5, this job, and industry for that matter, are not for you.Advice to ManagementKeep on promoting from within, employees want to know they can strive for higher, more powerful positions!Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-08-23 12:12 PDT Feb 17, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great Place to Work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-timeProsEveryone should be so lucky to work in an environment that affords you the authority necessary to follow through on that with with you are accountable. Fast paced, demanding environment that rewards solid work. Opportunities to grow and learn from some of the best around. You have to be capable of self managing your time and efforts.ConsIt's not for everyone as it requires more than many jobs. Then again, if you are looking for banker's hours this is not going to be the right industry for youAdvice to ManagementContinue to maintain the balance of the culture.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-02-17 10:47 PST Jan 21, 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Room for Growth"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - ProducerCurrent Employee - ProducerRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOProsGreat environment, fair pay, energeticConsLots of hours, lots of travelingShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-01-21 19:25 PST Jan 13, 2014 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great people, diverse work, fast-paced"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsNeutral OutlookProsFriendly work environment, company is very close-knit and family-like.Work is interesting and diverse, some clients are more demanding than others. Get to wear many hats and gain great experience.ConsFast-paced and hours can be long/demanding, the people/work environment do make this tolerable though.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2014-01-13 11:27 PSTReviews > Wilson Dow Group RSS Feed</>EmbedCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Company BenefitsMaternity & Paternity LeaveWork From HomeHealth Insurance401K PlanRetirement PlanAdd BenefitsSee AllSee All Job Seekers Also ViewedAlliedBarton ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1,694 ReviewsKellyMitchell Group ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 173 ReviewsPacific Dental Services ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 467 ReviewsYodle ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 548 ReviewsCROSSMARK ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1,374 ReviewsAlliance Data ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 388 Reviews Related Job SearchAccount Executive jobsAccount Executive salaries ($47k)Account Manager jobsAccount Manager salaries ($52k)Customer Service Representative jobsCustomer Service Representative salaries ($25k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Assistant Account Executive jobsAssistant Account Executive salaries ($39k)Sales Representative jobsSales Representative salaries ($39k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Account Supervisor jobsAccount Supervisor salaries ($77k)Senior Account Executive jobsSenior Account Executive salaries ($63k)Account Coordinator jobsAccount Coordinator salaries ($37k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm
Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLess
Wilson Dow Group Reviews | Glassdoor.com.auGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Wilson Dow Group ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Wilson Dow Group Logo Wilson Dow Group Logo Wilson Dow Group Claim this companyOverview Overview 10 Reviews -- Jobs 5 Salaries 1 Inter­views 11 Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review Wilson Dow Group Reviews Updated 14 June 201710 reviewsFilterFilterJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– Chicago, IL Area (includes HQ)Employment StatusContractPart-timeFull-timeInternFreelanceCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllWilson Dow Group104.5StarStarStarStarStar[]trueRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOMark Dow5 RatingsClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDate 14 Jun 2017 Helpful (1) Wilson Dow Group Logo"This Company is Like a Unicorn -- Unique Work, Caring Owners, Wonderful Staff"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Creative in Chicago, IL (US)Current Employee - Creative in Chicago, IL (US)RecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than a year)ProsI have worked at some wonderful companies and some truly terrible offices, but not one of them comes close to the experience I've had at Wilson Dow. This is a company that cares, that really, truly gives a crap about each employee.The work is hard -- there's no denying that. It takes extreme talent and finesse to pull off the high caliber events, communication plans, and training that this company executes, and they hire accordingly.Integrity is a must here. If you miss a deadline, people will notice and clients can and will hold you accountable. Fortunately, the pace of work is manageable and (usually ) realistic.The in-office perks, such as fridges stocked with La Croix and pantries full of snacks cannot be beaten.I've worked at many companies that claimed the culture was "like a family" , but this company really is -- in a non-creepy way. Babies and marriages and personal successes are celebrated by the whole company. There are many opportunities to have fun, to enjoy spending time with your coworkers, and to advance your career.ConsI honestly have no cons aside from the occasionally long days for events and pitches, but that comes with the territory.Advice to ManagementThe company culture as it exists now is phenomenal but delicate. As you continue to grow, don't forget to hold onto the things that make this place unique.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (1) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2017-06-14 06:18 PDT 14 Dec 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"First Rate Company and Employer"StarStarStarStarStarCurrent Freelancer - Anonymous FreelancerCurrent Freelancer - Anonymous FreelancerProsSmart, kind people in collaborative, supportive environment doing first-rate work. Strong executive leadership drives a warm, fair, professional and welcoming culture.ConsI have experienced no downside to working with Wilson Dow.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-12-14 09:35 PST 12 Nov 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Wilson Dow is Special"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than 10 years)ProsThey are really focused on their peopleConsIt's not for everyone. You'll be challenged but also rewarded for it.Advice to ManagementMaintain the awesome cultureShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-11-12 20:40 PST Is this helpful? The community relies on everyone sharing – Add Anonymous Review 23 Aug 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Excellent Atmosphere"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-time (More than 3 years)ProsThe people make this company one of the absolute best places to work. Management truly cares about employees as individuals with needs and a life outside of work. The nature of this industry can be grueling, but working with people who quickly become like family makes it worthwhile. Benefits are second to none.ConsThe hours and expectations can be demanding. You are often expected to answer emails & phone calls outside of work hours. If you're looking for a "typical" 9-5, this job, and industry for that matter, are not for you.Advice to ManagementKeep on promoting from within, employees want to know they can strive for higher, more powerful positions!Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-08-23 12:12 PDT 23 Aug 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great work environment where co-workers become family (though lack of transparency with leadership)"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Account Manager in Chicago, IL (US)Former Employee - Account Manager in Chicago, IL (US)RecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI worked at Wilson Dow Group (Less than a year)ProsGreat work environment and staff.ConsLack of Transparency w/ LeadershipAdvice to ManagementBe open/honest and communicate with your employees that have become family and committed to your organization.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-08-23 09:48 PDT 17 Feb 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great Place to Work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Wilson Dow Group full-timeProsEveryone should be so lucky to work in an environment that affords you the authority necessary to follow through on that with with you are accountable. Fast paced, demanding environment that rewards solid work. Opportunities to grow and learn from some of the best around. You have to be capable of self managing your time and efforts.ConsIt's not for everyone as it requires more than many jobs. Then again, if you are looking for banker's hours this is not going to be the right industry for youAdvice to ManagementContinue to maintain the balance of the culture.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-02-17 10:47 PST 6 Feb 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Working at Wilson Dow"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, IL (US)Current Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, IL (US)RecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Wilson Dow Group (More than 10 years)ProsGreat culture with really extraordinary people. Top tier clients with diverse projects.ConsThere is a lot of growth over the past few years, the pace can be challenging at times.Advice to ManagementContinue to hire high octane talent and hold onto your unique culture.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-02-06 20:23 PST 21 Jan 2016 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Room for Growth"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - ProducerCurrent Employee - ProducerRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOProsGreat environment, fair pay, energeticConsLots of hours, lots of travelingShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2016-01-21 19:25 PST 10 Aug 2015 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Excellent Place to Work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, IL (US)Former Employee - Anonymous Employee in Chicago, IL (US)RecommendsPositive OutlookI worked at Wilson Dow Group full-timeProsSmart people, diverse projects, lots of opportunity to do new things and advance. Pushing the bar on excellence. Access to cutting-edge technologies and methods. Fast pace. Opportunity to travel. Good pay and benefits.ConsThe same as any agency, especially in the event space: long hours, deadline pressure, crazed clients who don't always plan well. Occasionally too much travel. You need to be able to manage deadlines and a chaotic workload. The pros outweigh the cons if you know what agency work is like.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2015-08-10 13:32 PDT 13 Jan 2014 Wilson Dow Group Logo"Great people, diverse work, fast-paced"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsNeutral OutlookProsFriendly work environment, company is very close-knit and family-like.Work is interesting and diverse, some clients are more demanding than others. Get to wear many hats and gain great experience.ConsFast-paced and hours can be long/demanding, the people/work environment do make this tolerable though.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Wilson Dow Group Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Wilson Dow Group 2014-01-13 11:27 PSTReviews > Wilson Dow Group RSS Feed</>EmbedCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR/Personnel or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR/Personnel or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Company BenefitsDoctor's briefcaseThere are currently no benefit reviews for this company.Add Benefits Review Job Seekers Also ViewedSEEK ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 67 ReviewsSalmat ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 104 ReviewsO'Connor Marketing ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 28 Reviews2evolve ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 58 ReviewsWeb Marketing Experts ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 28 ReviewsRed Energy ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 12 ReviewsHelloWorld ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 65 ReviewsDT ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 27 ReviewsMckenzie Holland ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 26 Reviews Related Job SearchSoftware Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Product Manager jobsProduct Manager salaries ($100k)Customer Service Representative jobsCustomer Service Representative salaries ($46k)Sales Representative jobsSales Representative salaries ($52k)Account Manager jobsAccount Manager salaries ($78k)Account Executive jobsAccount Executive salaries ($77k)Business Analyst jobsBusiness Analyst salaries ($84k)Graduate Engineer jobsGraduate Engineer salaries ($67k)Senior Project Manager jobsSenior Project Manager salaries ($150k)Senior Engineer jobsSenior Engineer salaries ($119k)Customer Service Consultant jobsCustomer Service Consultant salaries ($50k)Consultant jobsConsultant salaries ($74k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a CV to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm
Companies & Reviews | Glassdoor.com.auGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search Company Reviews and RatingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchJob Seekers: Upload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeCompany Reviews and Ratings. Get the Whole Story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorBest Places to WorkWe’re proud to announce the winners of the ninth annual Glassdoor Employees’ Choice AwardsSee the Winners9 Cool UK Companies Hiring NowYou can’t see it or feel it but it seems culture is the most important factor which leads to long-term job satisfaction according to Glassdoor research.See the List7 Impressive Non Tech Companies – Hiring NowTech companies do not have the monopoly over cool. A number of other, traditionally non-tech companies, also offer fantastic benefits and working environmentsSee the CompaniesRecently TrendingReviews for IBMReviews for Commonwealth Bank of AustraliaReviews for AccentureReviews for DeloitteReviews for TelstraMoreReviews for PwCReviews for EYReviews for Macquarie GroupReviews for KPMGReviews for Westpac GroupReviews for ColesReviews for Australia and New Zealand BankingReviews for National Australia BankReviews for Flight Centre Travel GroupReviews for McDonald'sReviews for SuncorpReviews for Woolworths LimitedReviews for McDonald's AustraliaReviews for Hewlett-PackardReviews for OptusReviews for Bunnings WarehouseReviews for Australia PostReviews for OracleReviews for BHP BillitonReviews for AECOMLessPopular CompaniesWorking at University of SydneyWorking at Woolworths SupermarketsWorking at AppleWorking at Monash UniversityWorking at QantasMoreWorking at GoogleWorking at SMS Management & TechnologyWorking at Rio TintoWorking at CapgeminiWorking at Cotton OnWorking at University of QueenslandWorking at AtlassianWorking at University of MelbourneWorking at David JonesWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Queensland HealthWorking at MyerWorking at Cisco SystemsWorking at Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research OrganisationWorking at Fairfax MediaWorking at Australian National University Admin: view this employerWorking at Dixon AdvisoryWorking at ACT GovernmentWorking at Curtin UniversityWorking at iiNetLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesMoreGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesVarian Medical Systems (VAR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Varian Medical Systems (VAR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.26.17 | About: Varian Medical (VAR) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (NYSE:VAR)
Q2 2017 Earnings Call
April 26, 2017 5:00 pm ET
Executives
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Analysts
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
Operator
Greetings and welcome to the Varian Medical Systems Second Quarter 2017 Fiscal Year Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Spencer Sias, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Varian Medical Systems. Thank you, Mr. Sias. You may begin.
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Varian Medical Systems conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. With me are Dow Wilson, President and CEO; Elisha Finney, CFO; and Magnus Momsen, our Controller. Dow and Elisha will summarize Varian results and we'll take your questions following the presentation.
To simplify our discussion, unless otherwise stated, all references to the quarter or year are fiscal quarters and fiscal years. Quarterly comparisons are for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 versus the second quarter of fiscal 2016. References to financial results for orders are to gross orders, unless otherwise indicated.
The company is reporting non-GAAP results in order to provide quarter-over-quarter comparisons of operational performance, excluding unusual items. Unless otherwise stated, all financial results are discussed from continuing operations on a non-GAAP basis. Results exclude for all periods the Imaging components business, which is now operating separately as Varex Imaging and is accounted for as a discontinued operation. A reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure for Varian is included in our earnings release, which can be accessed on our website.
Please be advised that this presentation and discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our use of words and phrases such as outlook, believe, expect, anticipate, could, should, will, promising and similar expressions are intended to identify those statements which represent our current judgment on future performance or other future matters. While we believe them to be reasonable based on information currently available to us, these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
Some of these important risks related to our business are described in our second quarter earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this presentation and discussion because of new information, future events or otherwise.
Before turning it over to Dow, I want to inform you that I am retiring in June after 18 great years with a great company. So this is my 73rd and last call with all of you, which is probably enough for anybody. And it has been a pleasure to work with you, and I want to thank you for the support you have shown me and Varian for all these years. I'm as excited as ever about the future of this company, and I expect to continue being a Varian investor, like all of you, for many more years. Thanks again for your support.
And now, here's Dow.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 were at the high end of our earnings per share expectations. Highlights included solid growth in orders and revenues in our Oncology Systems business, a new system order in our Particle Therapy business, improved gross margins in our Oncology business and stepped-up investment in SG&A for market developments and new product introductions. Additionally, we successfully completed the spin-off of the Imaging Components business as Varex Imaging, which is off to a great start.

To summarize Varian's second quarter results, we are reporting GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.74 per diluted share and non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0. 89 per diluted share; companywide revenues of $655 million, up 6%; solid Oncology orders of $648 million, up 5% in dollars and 6% constant currency, bringing year-to-date orders growth to 7% in dollars and constant currency; and a $26 million equipment order for a single-room proton system in Delray, Florida.
Focusing first on Oncology operations, we had a good quarter with solid order growth in emerging markets as well as healthy orders for software in North America and equipment in EMEA. Looking specifically at order growth rate in each region, oncology grew gross orders in the Americas by 3% in dollars and constant currency. Orders in North America were up by 3%, bringing the year-to-date order growth in this region to 5%.
Looking at some highlights in the Americas, we took orders to replace 12 accelerators from competitors. We also took numerous software orders for replacement of competitive software for treatment planning and information management. Among the competitive conversions was a $20 million, 10-year software commitment from Orlando Health. They will install our full suite of software including Eclipse, ARIA and Velocity systems and our FullScale managed services package. We booked nearly $7 million of that order in the second quarter, and we'll book the rest as installations are scheduled.
Elsewhere in North America, we booked 6 TrueBeam orders for installation at CHUL (5:19) in Québec City and then another 3 TrueBeam orders for a Rhode Island Hospital in Providence. In Latin America, orders grew by nearly 10% versus a relatively small year-ago number, with order activity driven primarily by Brazil, where construction of our new Complexo for education and manufacturing is nearing completion. While the sales funnel across Latin America looks promising, activity is slow and we continue to be cautious about the rate of recovery in this market.
Turning to EMEA, orders rose 6% in dollars and 10% in constant currency. Africa, the Middle East and Western Europe were the biggest growth drivers in this region. Business in Africa has more than doubled over the past year and has risen successfully, successively for the last four quarters. As you may have seen from our recent press release, we are now selling direct in South Africa.
Among the highlights in Africa were orders for the first Edge Radiosurgery System in Morocco to serve the North Africa sub-region, and a low energy Linear Accelerator in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which is the first modern Linear Accelerator in a country of more than 80 million people.
We also generated notable orders in Tunisia as well as in Turkey and Israel. Spain and Portugal contributed strongly to EMEA's Western European growth during the quarter, placing orders for a total of eight accelerators including 4 TrueBeams, 2 VitalBeams and two Clinacs. In APAC, gross orders rose 8% in dollars and 7% in constant currency.
Service grew in double-digits, but product sales also played a key role in this region. Orders in China rose by 8% and we believe we have the leading share in this market, particularly in the high-end segment with products like Trilogy, VitalBeam, TrueBeam and Edge. We are on track to top $225 million orders in China this year.
We also saw good order performance in Korea and the Philippines. We also received our first order in Cambodia for an accelerator and brachytherapy unit for Cambodia's largest public hospital, Calmette.
During the quarter, we hosted three users meetings in APAC including Beijing, Bangkok and Melbourne. We welcomed more than 1,000 customers at these terrific events where presentations focused on radiotherapy innovations , radiosurgery and the role of immunotherapy.

Turning to our Global Service business, we grew orders by 8% in the quarter and 7% for the first half. This more than $1 billion annual business is continuing to grow faster than oncology's overall growth rate and contributing to margin expansion. On the hardware front, TrueBeam continued its momentum with more than 1,700 installations worldwide or about 20% of our global installed base.
TrueBeam is a widely accepted product that addresses a clinical need in every region of the world. It is a versatile platform capable of delivering every type of treatment, from radiotherapy to radiosurgery with either electrons or photons and at multiple energy levels.
We are continuing to add to TrueBeam's capability. And later this year, we expect to introduce the first version of our HyperArc module for high definition head and neck radiosurgery with ultra-precise doses that cannot be matched by any other system on the market.
We're also making good progress with software. As of the end of the quarter, we had about 800 licenses ordered from more than 375 sites for our RapidPlan product that significantly enhances the quality and speed of treatment planning.
The ramp-up of this product has been tremendous. We see more opportunity ahead as less than 10% of the treatment planning installed base has adopted this technology since its introduction 18 months ago.
Our InSightive analytics software for identifying and removing bottlenecks in the clinical workflow has been ordered at more than 180 customer sites, who will use it to improve their clinical effectiveness and operational efficiency. We are building a robust pipeline of prospects for our 360 Oncology product.
I will now turn to our Particle Therapy business, which generated $31 million in revenues during the quarter and recorded $28 million in orders, including the Delray project. This project is being financed in part by the sale of $81 million in bonds, including $11 million of subordinated bonds purchased by Varian. Several other centers in the U.S. are working on similar bond financing.
In addition to the Delray order, Varian's ProBeam compact single room system has been selected as the equipment of choice for a center in Thailand. And we hope to book that order in the third quarter when the requisite paperwork is processed. Our proton sales funnel looks promising with another two to four projects that have the potential to be booked this year.
Before turning it over to Elisha, I want to take a few moments to call your attention to some recent promising studies on the role of radiotherapy for prostate and bone cancer as well as some lung cancer studies. The New England Journal of Medicine has published two recent positive studies for radiotherapy. The first shows that untreated prostate patients had more disease progression and metastatic disease compared to treated patients.
The study in the U.K. involved 1,600 patients who were randomized to either watchful waiting, radical prostatectomy, or 3D conformal radiotherapy over a 10-year period. The second study found no clinically significant difference in disease control between patients treated with either radiation or surgery.
However, patient-reported quality of life outcome showed that surgery had the greatest negative effect on sexual function and urinary continence. In contrast, radiotherapy had little effect on urinary continence.
Bowel toxicity was slightly worse with radiotherapy, but that largely cleared up after six months except for a minor increase in more frequent rectal bleeding. Today most radiotherapy for prostate cancer uses image-guided IMRT, a more precise method of dose delivery.
Also, ASTRO recently just published guidelines for palliation of bone mets with radiation, which continues to be the gold standard for palliative care. While 88% of hospice professionals believe radiotherapy should be used for pain control, only 3% of hospice patients actually receive it. A study in Canada showed similar results. Combined, these studies suggest that not only is radiation for bone mets effective, it is also underutilized.

Finally, two papers were presented recently at a Thoracic Cancer Meeting in San Francisco. The first was a multi-institutional study that analyzed patients over 80-years-old with early stage non-small cell lung cancer treated with radiosurgery. Despite their age, these patients tolerated radiation quite well with a 2-year local control of 84.5% and a cancer-specific survival of 73%, dispelling the myth that elderly patients cannot have curative radiation.
Second, preliminary results were reported in an abstract looking at 27 lung cancer patients retreated with proton therapy at MD Anderson. These patients typically do poorly. But in this study, 78% of patients had their tumors controlled at one year and had an impressive median survival of 18 months. Though retrospective, this small study does suggest that proton therapy may be an important tool for recurrent, previously radiated tumors.
Now, I'll turn it over to Elisha.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thanks, Dow, and hello, everyone. We have already covered orders and operations, so let me start with backlog. We ended the quarter at $3.1 billion, up 4% from the year-ago period including a 6% increase in the Oncology backlog to $2.9 billion. Backlog adjustments during the quarter totaled $50 million, bringing net orders for the company to $625 million.
Now, let me walk you through the P&L. Second quarter total company revenues from continuing operations were $655 million, up 6% in dollars and up 7% in constant currency. Oncology revenues totaled $624 million, up 7% in dollars and in constant currency versus the year-ago quarter. International revenues rose 10% and constituted 52% of Oncology revenues in the quarter. Year-to-date, Oncology revenues were up 3% in dollars and in constant currency.
Our Particle Therapy business posted revenues of $31 million, up 1% from the year-ago quarter driven by ongoing progress on installations. Year-to-date, Particle Therapy revenues were up 7%. The total company gross margin for the quarter was 42.2%, up 7 basis points with a 1-point gain in Oncology largely offset by declines in the proton business.
Oncology Systems gross margin increased by a point to 44.5%, due to a favorable product mix as well as product cost reductions. For the first half, Oncology gross margin is up almost 3 points to 45.6%.
Proton therapy gross margin was a negative 3.6%, due largely to revised profitability estimates on two projects in the U.K. where the pound is at a historical low. For the first half, proton gross margin is down from the year-ago period to 6%. For the first half, total company gross margin was up more than 2 points to 43. 7%.
Second quarter SG&A expenses were $118 million or 18% of revenues in line with our expectations as we accelerated investments in the introduction and commercialization of new products. Second quarter R&D expenses were $53 million or 8% of revenues, equal to the year-ago quarter as a percentage of revenue.
Second quarter operating earnings totaled $106 million or 16% of revenue, down from the year-ago quarter due to lower proton gross margin and the increased investment in SG&A. Depreciation and amortization totaled 19 million for the quarter. The effective tax rate was 21.6% for the quarter, lower than expected due to a large revenue shift to EMEA where rates are relatively low. For the balance of the year, we believe Varian's tax rate will be about 24% to 25%.
During the quarter, we spent $173 million to repurchase 2 million shares of stock. Fully diluted shares outstanding decreased 2.5 million from the year-ago quarter to 93.7 million due to our ongoing share repurchase program.
Diluted GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.74 for the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the quarter was $0.89. Year-to-date, non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $1.47 including the $0.34 impact from proton accounts receivable impairments in Q1 versus $1.67 for the same period last year.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $706 million, debt of $547 million and stockholders' equity of $1.3 billion. DSO at 108 days was down nine days from the year-ago period due exclusively to significant improvements in our Oncology business, which is at 96 days.
Cash flow from operations including discontinued operations was $32 million for the second quarter and $114 million for the first half. Primary uses of cash were $173 million toward the repurchase of 2 million shares of stock and $15 million for CapEx.
As of today, we have 6 million shares remaining under our existing repurchase authorization. This is my last call as well, and I will be retiring as CFO on May 8. For me, it has been a tremendous pleasure to work with you. And I thank you for the support that you have shown me and this great company. Like Spencer, I will be a long-term Varian shareholder, and my blood will always run Varian Blue.
And now, let me turn it back to Dow.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thanks, Elisha. We now believe that for the second through fourth quarters of fiscal 2017, total company revenues from continuing operations will grow in the range of 3% to 5%, depending on the timing of proton orders.
For the full fiscal year, total company revenues from continuing operations should grow in the range of 2% to 4%. For the second through fourth quarters, we expect that earnings per diluted share from continuing operations will be in the range of $2.98 to $3.06. For the full fiscal year, earnings per share from continuing operations should be in the range of $3.56 to $3.64, including the $0.34 impairment of proton account receivables in the first quarter.
For the third fiscal quarter, we believe Varian revenues from continuing operations will grow by about 3%. And we expect that non-GAAP earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $0.92 to $0.96.
To summarize the second quarter, we had solid orders and revenue growth in Oncology systems, a new single-room proton order, a gain in our gross margin and earnings at the high end of our target range. We have stepped up our investment in market development as well as new product introductions that will drive continued growth around the globe.
I want to remind you to attend our Investor Meeting next week at the New York Stock Exchange or via webcast. You can get details on our Investor Relations website. We're excited about the future, and we're looking forward to the rest of fiscal year 2017.
Before turning it over to your questions, I'd like to acknowledge Elisha and Spencer for their many contributions to the company, 70-plus quarters together, what's the exact count?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
73.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
73 quarters together, that's more than imaginable. And we are so grateful for their contributions, for the advocacy they've had for our customers, for our shareholders, for our employees and for the communities that we live and operate in. They've been great business partners. And on behalf of myself and the company, we wish to thank them. We'll miss their leadership and we'll miss the blond hair flip and the voluble banter.
So with that, we'll open up for questions. Thank you, Spencer and Elisha.
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Hey, thank you very much, Dow. I just want to thank you for those comments. But I also want to just interject a quick correction. We talked about the Investor Meeting next week at the New York Stock Exchange. It is on May 10th, which is the week after next. And so the details are there. And not your fault. It's just my final error, I hope.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
May 10th. And we'll now open for questions.

Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Yes. Thank you. Good morning guys. Elisha and Spencer, congratulations on the retirements, and best of luck to you. And Elisha, how you survived 73 quarters with that man, I don't know.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
And Spencer that was supposed to be a backhanded compliment to you as well. So congratulations
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes, I got that. I got that, Jeff. Thank you
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
So a couple of questions, Dow, first just on guidance. You came in at revenue wise above kind of the three-quarter guidance that you've been providing. You came up above that from a revenue perspective this quarter. But you are lowering the low end of that three-quarter revenue guidance. So just trying to figure out the dynamics of a third, a second quarter that was kind of above expected, but now guidance is being trimmed at the bottom end. And what's driving that?
And then a second guidance question, just it looks like tax rate guidance is now adding about $0.10 relative to what we were thinking going into this quarter for the rest of the year. And yet, you're not changing EPS guidance, so any color there would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yeah Elisha, go ahead.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yeah. Jeff, so let me take the tax first. So yes, it was lower than we expected in Q1. It ended up being roughly an exact offset to the reduction in the proton gross profit that we were expecting. So we hit the high end of the guidance range for the quarter, although the geography was a little different.
For the balance of the year, we continue to believe that tax is going to be now we think in the 24% to 25% range, which will get you up to about call it 24% for the year. We had previously guided 25% to 26%. So we're getting about a 1-point improvement in the tax rate largely offset by the proton gross profit.
And I think, we said last quarter, the biggest unknown in this whole – doing the discontinued operations and spinning out of Varex, the tax rate was kind of the cloudiest, if you will, for us to see.
The good news is we were able to shave out a point. And again, we think the full year closer to 24%, which should be sustainable going forward. So in the guidance, again because we got an improvement in the tax rate, the gross profit for the year for protons, we're losing somewhere around $6 million or $7 million. So that tax is an offset to that.
The gross profit for Oncology, right in line with what we were expecting in the call it the 44% to 45.5% range, SG&A, maybe $1 million or $2 million high, but within our expectations. So we simply raised the midpoint at this point in the quarter from $3.00 to $3.02 for the balance of the year and came off the low end of that guidance number. Does that answer your question?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes, I think on the revenue side, really on the timing of protons...
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes...
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
...proton deals, that's the shoring up of the bottom end of the revenue guidance.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Okay. And Dow, maybe one follow-up just on the proton side. So when I think back five, six years ago when you first announced the Scripps deal and the balance sheet risk with that, I think one of the explanations was you had to get a win on the board and if you had to put the balance sheet at risk to kind to get a win on the board that makes sense.

Over the last few years, there's been a couple of other financing deals you guys have been involved with, but they've been big systems, they are multi-room systems. And we kind of thought as we go to single-room systems and you've got 16, now 17 orders out there, you didn't have to prove yourself anymore.
On this new deal, single-room system, you still have to put the balance sheet at risk. So I guess, what is driving that need to continue to put the balance sheet at risk, now that you have plenty of orders out there, you've proven yourself. The orders are getting smaller. Yet you're still having to get involved to get these things over the finish line?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
I think. I mean, first of all when you look at this deal, Delray, it's about $80 million of capitalization. We are $11 million of it. As I mentioned in the script, we think there's a few more like that.
These are deals that look pretty good to us from a profitability point of view. It remains difficult to finance. Having said that, when you look at the risk, when you look at the ramp-up of centers, pretty much every center that we have and that we know about, as we've looked at that ramp-up on these single-room systems, they get to profitability pretty quickly.
So the issue has been these three and four room centers have a lot of capital in them and the breakeven point is much, much higher. On these single-room systems, the breakeven point is much lower. We think they'll get to those volumes very quickly, should be able to be refinanced.
And if we can help bootstrap that and get it going, we're very much into it. So we did view this segment as this compact segment as a distinct segment to the proton market. We will use our balance sheet selectively there. We are vetting the risks very carefully. So that we're in with others. We're looking very hard at the referral networks and patient volumes to make sure they can get to those levels. And if we do it, it's also a profitability case. The interest income is not negligible on these loans.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes. If I could just add one thing to that, I mean this is a developer deal with Proton International. Everybody has some skin in game in this particular deal, Jeff. So the doctors have money in. Everybody came together to get this to happen and it was oversubscribed on the muni financing by a significant amount. So we took that as great news that there is a real market for financing these one-room centers.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Thank you.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yeah. And maybe I'd just add, we're not going to go crazy on this. We might, if everything went our way, maybe two more of these in the next 6 to 12 months. I mean at the high end, three. So it's not going to be, we still got Maryland out there, I'm sorry, not Maryland, we've still got Emory out there that we've talked about and then supporting a few of these compact deals as well. Next question?
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Amit Hazan of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Thanks good afternoon guys. And Elisha and Spence, thanks for all the help over the years and good luck in the next chapter.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thank you.
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thank you.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
So let me just actually start with orders first and go to the U.S. environment. I mean, if I'm just kind of reading or understanding your comments correctly, it sounds like software was very strong, the implication being that hardware was maybe a little bit less strong. And so I'm just wondering in the U.S. market, did you see any changes in purchasing patterns with the uncertainty going on? Or has it been pretty much the same?

Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
I'd say it's been pretty much the same. We feel very good about the first half orders performance in the U.S. So that's been, looking at the half, it's been strong. And frankly looking back five or six quarters, it's been very steady. One of the things that we liked this quarter was the software volume was up. So, I mean equipment bounces around a little bit it's a little bit lumpier. The software volume was up double-digit and we were very pleased about that. I'd say, no real difference in the U.S. market.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Okay. And then maybe let me jump to cash flow actually. So thinking about it in 2016, this came up a few times, free cash flow was down a lot, like 25% or so I think in 2016. Free cash flow conversion used to be really strong in the 80%s or so. Cash flow looked kind of weak again this quarter. Maybe give us some color on what's going on there, and what we should expect for the rest of the year.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Sure. So Amit, again, just given the spin, let me clarify that cash flow from operations is not on a continuing operations basis. So you typically don't try and go back and parse the cash flow from operations from one entity to the other. So for the first half, and I always like to look at this more, I mean you're going to get quarterly fluctuations. For the first half, cash flow from operations was $114 million.
We estimate, again this is not a number that will show up in a public filing, but we believe that about $94 million of that is attributable to Varian, with the rest being attributable to Varex. Remember, we've also had significant transaction expenses associated with the spin and on hiring people to get ready for the spin. So if you were to just add maybe, we still have some transaction expenses that have not been paid yet. But even if you add somewhere around $15 million, $17 million of that being in transaction, and the first half is usually about 40% of the full year, which gets you up around $275 million, $280 million for Varian standalone for the year. And what we've said is, our hope is that we were $400 million with Varex, and it would be probably closer to around $300 million. So I think we're somewhat in that. We're in that ballpark, as we speak.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Let me just sneak one more and then I'll jump back in. So back to the operating margin just as a follow-up to the earlier question. So, I think in your pro forma numbers that you guys filed, it looked like your operating margin is kind of as Varian as a standalone post – without the spin or after the spin is about 18% in fiscal 2016.
I think you're talking about 18% to 19% for this year. It sounds like this was a onetime type of item on the proton side this quarter, correct me if I'm wrong. But is the aspiration here for the rest of the year, is 18% or so is the right number for the rest of the year? Are you going to have lingering proton operating margin issues? How should we think about operating margin line for the rest of the year?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
You're absolutely right. I mean, once you pencil this out, you will see pro forma continuing operations for all of last year, we were 18.1%. If you look at the guidance, Q2 to Q4, we will be right around 18%.
What that means for the year – and again, I am excluding the impact of the proton AR write-off, so you guys can figure out how you want to reflect that. But for the full year, it puts us 17% to 18% operating margin, which is where we thought we were going to be this time last quarter. So we're not coming off that number.
Amit Hazan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Thanks very much.

Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Great. And congratulations again, Elisha and Dow (sic) [Spencer] (32:19). Thanks for all of the help through the years here. Just to stick on proton for a moment, just want to clarify what exactly is in guidance and what may be potentially still represents upside. And so if I'm hearing you correctly, Dow, the Delray order and the order in Thailand are now factored into guidance. And then there are several other orders, I guess two to four orders including Emory that represent upside to guidance. Is that sort of a fair statement?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
So Anthony, just to clarify. We – when we start the beginning of the year, we have our backlog of what if you will, of proton orders that we believe we're going to book throughout the year. And as soon as we book an order, we start taking revenue under the percentage of completion. So the timing of those orders can impact revenue. And clearly, that's why we came down a little bit on the revenue forecast for the balance of the year.
So the Delray deal, it was already in our forecast. So the only upside at this point is the Emory deal. We've been very transparent that it is because it is one of these very large five-room centers in the midst of getting their muni bond financing put together, we have not included that in our numbers because it has the potential to swing it very significantly.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
And just to clarify on the swing, I think from my notes last quarter, it was a $0.10 to $0.12 swing the earlier in the year it was finalized. I mean what is the update on that now, just considering the time on the calendar that has passed?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes, it's still in that ballpark. I mean it would have more significance on the orders and the revenue because we will start to, we'll start taking earnings on that. But that will obviously flow all the way throughout the installation and acceptance of the equipment. So that will be several years.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Great. And then just a follow-up on balance sheet utilization within proton and maybe across the business. Maybe just an update on, in aggregate, how many proton-related loans or loan products are held on the balance sheet? And in particular to the Scripps loan, is that completely written-off at this point? Thanks.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
No. So currently, we have $60 million in the balance on the Scripps loan. That was after we sold $45 million to JPMorgan a number of years ago. Maryland, our loan amount is $35 million; New York just shy of $20 million; and then we add Delray. So what is that, about $125 million all-in at this point.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Thanks.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Dow I'm wondering if you could, and congrats to Elisha and Spencer. Dow I'm wondering if comment on pricing dynamics. You talked about the12 competitive wins in the U.S. As you go to kind of swap out some of these competitor vaults are you able to hold on the pricing?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Our pricing dynamics continue to be okay, Elekta remains aggressive. I don't know that they are any more or less aggressive than they've been in the past and we've seen pretty good engagement. I will say that one of the things that was a little unique about the quarter is that the takeouts were broad-based across all our competitors. We had good takeouts against Accuray, good takeouts of old Siemens product as well as a few Elekta units. So it was pretty broad-based.

And that's something that we've seen in the past. I don't know that that's, it might be a little bit more on the quarter, but not materially more. I think when you look at the last half, TrueBeam pricing remains pretty solid and clearly upselling with Edge and getting some positive mix. The U.S. market continues to be pretty good. Other America's activity, it can be aggressive from time to time. But in the U.S., the pricing environment has been pretty stable.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
I know you talked about the U.S holding up. I mean the data points from GE, Philips and some of the others has been a little more mixed. I mean is there any risk to you guys, because you guys are late cycle, there may be a little bit of a lag effect?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Certainly not anything that we're seeing at this point.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
If anything, I think that the strength of the portfolio and the rumored product introduction in a couple of weeks, we've if anything, maybe we'll even see it pick up a little bit.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
And I guess on that point, you talked about seeing strength in emerging markets with some of the higher-end systems. I mean can you maybe just directionally give us a sense of where you see a gap in the portfolio from a linac perspective?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes. I mean first of all, I got the week wrong, but come to New York. We'll talk extensively about it in two weeks. And if you like opera, come to Vienna.
We've – the European Society of Radiation Oncology meeting is in Vienna right before that. And we've – as we've kind of talked, what these emerging markets are looking for is really high-quality IMRT, they're looking for very fast high-quality imaging.
They don't want to make any trade-off in the quality of care. And then they want to do both in patients. And that's kind of the, when you think of it in market needs, maybe the other thing I'd add is simplicity. They want a high level of automation. They want to go fast. They don't want the training burden that certainly the industry was a long time ago. And as we think about, as we think about the market needs, I think we've got some really exciting news coming and look forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
All right. And then just last one maybe for Elisha on the revised profitability estimate on the U.K. project, that was all due to currency? Or were there any adjustments around utilization assumptions?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
It's largely currency Tycho, just the pound being at a historical low.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Henry of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. There's been a lot of concern from the investor base about the company's lengthening cash conversion cycle, particularly as it relates to inventories and receivables. So can you give any specifics there that can help us get more comfortable around what you guys are doing to improve these metrics?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yes. Well first of all, AR since the beginning of the fiscal year, is actually down 1% and while revenue is up 3%. So we are making considerable inroads into – we've had – we told you a year or so ago, we had a Salesforce.com implementation. We moved our collections staff.
Collections continue to be quite robust. And the DSO for Oncology is down 10 days quarter-over-quarter to 96. So what's driving as proton grows, that will drive the DSO up just because of this percentage of completion accounting where revenue and earnings are taken in advance of when the actual payments are due from the customer.

Inventory is only up very slightly from the beginning of the year just in line with revenue. So I think we're making good progress. Remember on this cash flow from operations, again significant transaction cost included in those numbers.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay, and then a separate question. I think you guys have started to talk about a potential launch for a new linac later in fiscal year 2017. Are there any details you can give us regarding this product, what features or margin profile it may have and then what geographies you are going to target for this launch?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
I mean (42:27), as I just said, we'll see you in Vienna or New York. We've got a very exciting product. I think we're confident it will be margin accretive. And come hear about it with the rest of our customers in two weeks. So I think it will be a very exciting launch.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay. And one last one for me. Can you give us an update on what kind of trends you're seeing in the Chinese radiation oncology market? And then can you give us any updated timing on when a Class A quota might be announced?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Well, I think our China business has been very robust for a good strong period of time. We were up 10% this quarter. Our team is executing very well in that market. We've been double-digit-ish for many quarters in a row. We just had a users meeting in China. We had over 600 attendees. So very good reception.
Our market share is a leadership position now in China. So we're comfortable that the share is going in the right direction. And the whole market – I wouldn't get – yeah, there are category A, category B issues. But we got to watch the whole market here, and the whole market is moving.
And as I said in the script, we are well on our way to a $225 million business. We've got a great portfolio. And we think the news that you're going to see in a couple weeks, it's going to require – it'll probably require some regulatory approvals in China. But it's going to be very meaningful for that market as well.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay. And then are you aware of a new Class A quota or is that still kind of TBD?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Not aware.
Brandon Henry - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Hi, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
Hey, guys. How is it going?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Well.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
Elisha, again, I wish you all the best for your next chapter, you too Spencer. And maybe, on, I guess, the guidance, so revenue is down by 100 bps and EPS up at the low end. Can you just, explain or walk me through on what changed between the revenue line and the EPS?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yeah. So the revenue line is exclusively due to proton and just some timing of orders, primarily, because as you know under percentage of completion, at the time we book an order, we start to recognize revenue over the life of that project completion. So timing of orders is driving that. Oncology continues to be right where we were at the last quarter.
So EPS, again, it's just a little bit of difference in geography on the P&L. But the gross profit and decline versus what we were expecting in proton, almost an exact offset to the 1-point improvement for the year that we're expecting in the tax rate. And so that's why we were able to come off the mid-point, come up $0.02, come off the bottom of the EPS range.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
Got you. And then the backlog, I guess, the way the accounting works is now, I'm assuming, you're pulling off some of the imaging components, maybe a couple of hundred million dollars. What's been the backlog growth for the last few quarters? Because, I guess I don't have the historical numbers here apart from the second quarter numbers, right, which just include the oncology piece and the proton piece. So can you give us a sense for what it's been over the last few quarters under the new reporting methodology?

Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Sure. So you are correct that Varex came out of the backlog. So, as of Q1, let's see, before we carved it out for disc op it was, the backlog was $3.389 billion. We are now at $3.136 billion. So you're right, a couple of hundred million dollars came out for the Varex Group. As of Q1, Oncology, $2.9 billion, we're still $2.9 billion which was up 6% quarter over quarter. We do have a decline in the proton backlog because we did book Delray, but we have yet to book that Thailand order and we've been taking revenue over the course of this year. So Oncology backlog is strong up 6% at $2.9 billion.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
I guess I was looking for some historical information. Is there, can you provide some historical information over the last – what it's been under the new reporting segments, either on the P&L and the backlog? I guess a part of the issue is, when I try to look back, what's happened over the last year, I guess the quarterly numbers it's hard for us to parse out under the new reporting methodology. So if you can have that information, I think that will be really helpful for us. Maybe one for you, Dow, big-picture question I think on the competitive side. Your competitor's making some noise about MR linac. And I know you have a certain view on this, but I'm just curious on what you're hearing about in the marketplace – and I am just curious about the timing of the new products that you guys are launching. Is this sort of in response to what competition is doing, or are these two things completely unrelated?
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
I mean, the short version is, there is, number one, we believe that MR imaging is important. That's been growing in importance in radiation oncology. And we use that imaging for treatment planning and guidance literally every day today. We're not convinced that MR in room is more than a small niche. And that remains to be seen how big a niche that's going to be. And at least in terms of as we think about our focus, we're looking at a product that can have a global impact. I like to think of this in terms of, today we're at 13,000 units in our installed base. The world needs, at a minimum, another 10,000 machines and it needs to replace another 13,000 machines.
So how do we really grow the sockets that are doing radiation therapy? Many countries in the world have less than 10% of their cancer patients are getting radiation as part of their therapy. In the West, that number is around 50%. And there's just a huge opportunity there. So that's kind of how I view the global play. And then from a technology point of view, we do agree that adaptation is important. And that's one of the things that MR is bringing. But you can do adaption in lots of ways. It doesn't have to be with MR. So I think you will see us compete very aggressively for kind of the top technology space with ongoing coformality and adaptation kinds of plays, along with simplicity and automation. So I think we're, but when we look at the markets, I mean for us, it's how do we do 10,000 more machines?
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC
Got you. Thank you, guys.
Operator
We have a follow-up question from the line of Anthony Petrone. Please proceed with your follow-up.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Thanks Dow. Maybe just on the regulatory pathway for the system and timing there, and if this is included in guidance at all. Thanks.
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
The short version is I'll talk to you in two weeks. I mean I think we've got a very exciting product. It's, from a guidance point of view, very minimal. It's, we are largely talking about ongoing impact and orders impact which, of course, we do not guide to. So but very excited about the product, and we can talk more about kind of the regulatory process when we see you in New York.

Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
But Anthony, it's more of an FY 2018 on the revenue side...
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
On the P&L side.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
On the P&L side. Yeah.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC
Yeah. That helps. Thanks.
Operator
We have another follow-up question from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Thanks. Elisha just quickly...
Dow R. Wilson - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Hey, Jeff.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Hey, Dow, so just very quickly, is there a way can provide us with just accounts receivable number, maybe over the last couple of years in the first two quarters of this year, for just the Oncology business kind of ex-protons and obviously ex-Varex?
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
I don't have it now, Jeff. You're saying on a go forward basis?
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Yeah. On a go forward basis or maybe you could post at some point on the website.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Sure.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Yeah. Because I think a lot of the focus here recently on the working capital has been on the AR side. And the accounting for the proton stuff, I think obviously as you described, is one of the big impacts. But if we can see on the core business, the 90%, 95% of the business that is Oncology, those ARs are improving, that issue is solving itself, and maybe we'd feel incrementally better on that.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Absolutely. And I think the first thing to make you feel good is, again, Oncology DSO down 10 days quarter-over-quarter and roughly flat with Q1. So I think we've started to stabilize.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Yeah. It would be just be good if we could have those numbers and kind of play with them ourselves. But I appreciate it. Thank you.
Elisha W. Finney - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Yeah. Okay.
Operator
There are no further questions over the audio portion of the conference. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Spencer R. Sias - Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
Thank you all for participating. The replay of this call can be heard on the Varian investor website at www.varian.com/investor where it will be archived for a year. To hear a telephone replay, please dial 1-877-660-6853 from inside the U.S., or 1-201-612-7415 from outside the U.S., and entering confirmation code 1365-8758. The telephone replay will be available through 5 p.m. this Friday, April 28, 2017. Thank you.
Operator
This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful rest of your day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All VAR TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #04331cb0-7007-11e7-8a2d-e5d2c922b622
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #045d12e0-7007-11e7-9574-433b1b236266
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










