

WILSON, BRUCE N - Location, Description & Reviews










































































































 

Signup Today... Click Here









WILSON, BRUCE N 







Street Address
Phone
Website
Community Rating & Industry




1 WILSON, BRUCE N


THOMASVILLE, AL 36784 BRUCE WILSON
 334-636-4943
Add Your Website






 1 
											        0


									ATTORNEYS




BUSINESS DESCRIPTION: WILSON, BRUCE N IS LOCATED AT THOMASVILLE, AL 36784 (CLARKE COUNTY). THEY ARE ESTIMATED TO HAVE 1 TO 4 EMPLOYEES AND THEIR PRIMARY BUSINESS DESCRIPTION FALLS UNDER ATTORNEYS. CLAIM FREE LISTING










									Tweet
									




 SIMILAR ENTITIES NEARBY: 2. DRINKARD, C DARYL, 3. JOHNSON, JAMES A, 4. WILSON & DRINKARD, 5. PHILIP G PERKINS LAW OFFICES, 6. MASON, PHILLIP E, 7. EDMON MC KINLEY LAW OFFICES, 8. PADGETT, J GLENN, 9. DESHLER LAW OFFICE
 NEARBY RESTAURANTS: 1. KFC, 2. TACO BELL, 3. HARDEE'S, 4. RODGERS BBQ, 5. SUBWAY, 6. OUTLAWS BBQ, 7. PEOPLE CORNER, 8. SONIC DRIVE-IN, 9. DAVID'S CATFISH HOUSE, 10. RGT MANAGEMENT, 11. GASTON GRILL, 12. NEW CHINA BUFFET, 13. MC DONALD'S
  LODGING: 1. HUGH EDMONDS DISCOUNT CO INC, 2. SUNSET INN, 3. QUALITY INN & SUITES, 4. RELAX INN, 5. COMFORT INN
  FUEL: 1. MURPHY USA, 2. THOMASVILLE DISCOUNT TOBACCO, 3. CEFCO, 4. CONRAD'S COUNTRY MART
  EMERGENCY SERVICES: 1. FULTON TOWN POLICE DEPT, 2. THOMASVILLE CITY POLICE DEPT, 3. PUTNAM VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPT, 4. THOMASVILLE FIRE DEPT, 5. SCYRENE VOL FIRE DEPT
 RECENTLY REVIEWED BUSINESSES: 1. ORCHARD PARK TOWN CLERK, 2. KENOSHA FLEA MARKET, 3. THOMASON, JASON W W MD, 4. SOUTH JERSEY SANITATION, 5. HEATHERWOOD APARTMENTS, 6. J T CHENEY CONSTRUCTION, 7. CHRIS ARSENAULT LLC, 8. NATIVITY PARISH SCHOOL, 9. A-1 PAVING & ASPHALT INC, 10. A-1 PAVING, 11. TROTMAN, GYLYNTHIA E MD, 12. SPACEMAKERS, 13. LUNDQUIST, EDITH H, 14. CASH TYME CASH DOLLAR TYME
  RECENTLY ADDED BUSINESSES: 1. THE BETZ LAW FIRM, 2. LAW OFFICE OF MARK M. CHILDRESS, 3. HOLLINGSHEAD & DUDLEY, 4. NORTHERN CALIFORNIA PLAYWORKS, INC., 5. CONDUCTIVE ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING, 6. CHRIS COATES, 7. EINSTEIN MOVING COMPANY - PHOENIX, 8. FAT BOY NATURAL BBQ, 9. GAINSBERG LAW, P.C., 10. STORED ENERGY PRODUCTS INC.









Business Search (Please enter a company name, or phone number, or contact name).


Company Name*



City



State

Optional
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Phone Number*






Or Search by contact name

First Name*



Last Name*









 



 
 

Tweet









  
    
 
 


Browse Business Listings:    A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z





U.S. InfoSearch © 2015 Terms of Use/Privacy






	Home - Wilson Company Marketing & Promotion Inc






































    We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a payment through our site, you provide your name, contact information, payment information, and additional information related to your transaction. We use this information to process your payment and to ensure your payment is correctly credited to your account.
























Sign In


|


Create Account









HomeProduct SearchTop SearchesapparelPenslanyardsBagst-shirtsgolfusbHeadweartotefitnesspatchessunglassesapparel accessories9999.9mugswater bottlesumbrellabannerswellnessfirst aidTop CategoriesLanyardsUSB Flash DrivesBottlesWristbandsCleanersLED ProductsTravel Mugs & CupsAwardsMagnetsFlashlightsMicrofiber ClothsBackpacksCandyClipsGlow ProductsGolfProduct CollectionsPatriotic ProductsBack to the BeachSchool StoreBreast Cancer AwarenessComputer AccessoriesHoliday GiftsFood & DrinkEmployee RecognitionAbout UsContact UsMoreNews & Videos







Office Location







1804 Keller Lake Dr
Burnsville, MN  55306-6377



Phone:  (952) 953-0802


Fax:  (952) 953-0812


E-Mail: wilsonco1@msn.com













Error




Search
 



Search all Products




Price From $

-

Price To $




Go
























































HomeProduct SearchTop SearchesapparelPenslanyardsBagst-shirtsgolfusbHeadweartotefitnesspatchessunglassesapparel accessories9999.9mugswater bottlesumbrellabannerswellnessfirst aidTop CategoriesGlow ProductsTravel Mugs/CupsPensUSB Flash DrivesLanyardsBottlesLight Up NoveltiesWristbandsCleanersLED ProductsProduct CollectionsPatriotic ProductsBack to the BeachSchool StoreBreast Cancer AwarenessComputer AccessoriesHoliday GiftsFood & DrinkEmployee RecognitionAbout UsContact UsMoreNews & Videos




Product of the Day





















The Sun Spiral Notebook
SM-3461
Spiral notebook with polypro fold-over cover and elastic pen loop closure. Includes 80 ruled pages and matching color twist-action ball point pen. Pen imprint not available. Pens packed separately.
$1.99 and up




CHECK OUT OUR NEW SANMAR CLOTHING SITE.
Just Click on the Link Below.
http://www.companycasuals.com/wilsoncompanyapparel

Looking for promotional products?

You've come to the right site.
Whether you are looking for a specific item or just browsing for ideas, our site is your one-stop shopping source. From fun items to the traditional, you can easily shop for some of the hottest items on the market.

Promotional items can....

Improve traffic at trade shows 
Motivate staff 
Thank a customer 
Increase safety awareness 
Create a Brand for your Business 

When you are ready to buy, our secure check out makes it safe, easy and convenient. Or, if you are just browsing, use the 'information only' option and we'll get back to you.

Contact one of our Staff Today:

Bruce Wilson - Burnsville, MN
President
800-463-0802
wilsonco1@msn.com

Steve Carr - Burnsville, MN
Sales Representative 
651-485-6907
Scarrwilsonco@aol.com

Wilson Company can also service all of your Corporate and Staff Apparel needs.  We offer Screenprinting, Embroidery and Applique Services.  For great clothing options, click on the SANMAR or HOLLOWAY link in the upper left options menu.











                            Campus Store
                            























See all Products
See all Product Collections



<








>


 to 
                             of 
                             Products
                        





























	
    ©

, The Advertising Specialty Institute®. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy







Bruce Foods - Makers of Louisiana Hot Sauce, Cajun Injector, Bruce's Yams, Casa Fiesta - Bruce Foods






















































 


We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.




Skip to Store Area:

Skip to Main Content
Skip to Left Column
Skip to Footer










Bruce Foods



                Hi - Welcome to BruceFoods.com -
                                    Login



Search Site


Search















Share +




My Account

Wishlist

Checkout





Foodservice

Industrial

About

Community

Contact


 



Menu

Store

Our Brands

Recipes
 


            0 
        














 











Cajun Injector Commercial "Fat Boy" Injector 6





Cajun King Char Grill Seasoning Mix 1.25 oz.





Cajun Injector 30 Quart Gas Turkey Fryer w/ Seafood Boiler





Cajun King BBQ Shrimp Seasoning Mix 1 oz.





Bruce's Sweet Potato Pancake Mix 1.5 lb.





Bruce's Bread Pudding 17 oz.






 

Cajun Injector Commercial "Fat Boy" Injector 6
$24.99 
Our 6 inch Signature Series injector holds two ounces of marinade. Perfect for the "chef" in your house. Three-ring handle makes it easy to fill and inject with one hand. Made from chrome plated copper.
Add to Cart





 






Our Brands






Find Us

FACEBOOK


TWITTER
 

Sign Up for the latest news on Bruce Foods, recipes, products and offers!    

 












Shop Online

Bruce's Products

Cajun Injector

Cajun King




 



Store Information

My Account

Wishlist

Checkout

Contact

(800) 299-9082

Other Websites

Cajuninjector.com

About Bruce Foods
Founded in 1928 in New Iberia, Louisiana, Bruce Foods had been a manufacturing original Cajun condiments and seasonings for more than eighty years - long before spicy cuisines were introduced to the rest of the world. More

 Information for:Foodservice
 | Industrial

©  2013 Bruce Foods Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy | Terms of Use | Idea Submission
Website by Mad Genius.










Bruce N Wilson - Dalton, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Bruce N Wilson in Dalton, GA


Bruce N Wilson

                                                                           Intelius found that Bruce N Wilson  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Dalton, GA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Bruce N Wilson is in his 60s

Bruce Has Lived In

Dalton, GA

Bruce's Relatives

Woodrow Wilson
Charlie Wilson
Darleen Wilson
Raymond Wilson







Bruce N Wilson



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Bruce? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Bruce, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Bruce N Wilson
Get a Criminal Check on Bruce N Wilson
Get a Public Record Report on Bruce N Wilson
Get a People Search Report on Bruce N Wilson


Bruce N Wilson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Bruce N Wilson has lived as well as Bruce N Wilson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Bruce N Wilson Has Lived in 1 States
Georgia Address for Bruce N Wilson


321 K**** S* 

Dalton, GA


Has Lived In

Dalton, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Bruce N Wilson

(706) ***-**** - Dalton, GA 
(706) ***-**** - Dalton, GA 
() ***-**** - Dalton, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Bruce N Wilson

d*********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Bruce N Wilson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Bruce N Wilson


Bruce N Wilson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Bruce N Wilson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Bruce Wilson
Username Matches

                  BruceWilson
                  WilsonBruce
                  Bruce.Wilson
                  Wilson.Bruce
                  Bruce_Wilson
                  Wilson_Bruce
                  Bruce-Wilson
                  Wilson-Bruce
                  BWilson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Wilson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Wilson, Bruce: U.S. Customs data
















English
中文


About

Products & Pricing 

Products
Pricing


Free Customs Data
Buyer Services

Blog
GBI Login

















Log In
or
Join Free
 




Shipments


Products
Shipments





 Search

 

 
 





Reduce Risk. Join Now.


 800M Shipment Records
 Competitor Shipment Tracking


 300,000 Manufacturers
 Company Reviews



 Filter Suppliers by Relationship
 3 Million Products

Join Free








Wilson, Bruce

 Track Shipments

 Shipment Profile




        2
        Import 
        
          Shipments
        
      

C-O Security Storage Of Washingtondivision Of Secor Group1701 Florida Ave, Nwwashington Dc 20009


 









Import History4 Shipments



Exporter
Importer
Description


Departure
Arrival





Govlog Nv


        Wilson, Bruce
      


          1,417(K)
          - 1pieces
          
        
        2007 Honda Accord Vin: 1hgcm56897a066564
      



          Rieme
          

            2013-12-23
            Baltimore, Maryland






North Atlantic Services N.v.


        Wilson, Bruce
      


          2,261(K)
          - 3pieces
          
        
        Used Military Hhg1 X 40 Containershippers Weight Load And Coun10 Liftvans Used Military Hhg -3 Of 3 Lvns Wilson Bruce- Ssow - El138999904984 Lbs. 621 Cf Original Shippernorth Atlantic Services N.v.as Agent For Isac/o Valley Van & Storage Co.ultimate Consigneewilson Bruceattn Log/dmo Marine Corps Base Pobox 555004 Bldg 2263 Camppendleton United States Movingunder Service Contract Taaflo Sc13nthe Solid Wood Packing Materialsare Totally Free Of Bark And Appaently Free From Live Plant Pests
      



          Anvers
          

            2013-11-04
            Houston, Texas







 View more shipments

 


Shipment History

Get access to 30+ million shipment records, shipment profiles & company tracking.
View Now



Trade Partners

View this company's top trade partners. See the number and percentage of shipments from each.
View Now



Weights & Quantities



Shipment Weight (Kg)



Min
Avg
Max


1,417
1,839
2,261





Average Quantity
2 items






Trade Partners





2 Shipping Routes 




Origin Port

 Shipments

Destination Port





          Rieme
        


1



          Baltimore, Maryland
        



          Anvers
        


1



          Houston, Texas
        




 View more routes



Location
C-O Security Storage Of Washingtondivision Of Secor Group1701 Florida Ave, Nwwashington Dc 20009





 






Share











Recently Viewed Products


PVC Patches Manufacturers
        8 Suppliers &
        48 Products
      

EAS Soft Tag Manufacturers
        9 Suppliers &
        63 Products
      

Hay Baler Manufacturers
        8 Suppliers &
        39 Products
      

Motor Starter Manufacturers
        29 Suppliers &
        201 Products
      

Crawler Crane Manufacturers
        13 Suppliers &
        34 Products
      



Popular Products on Tradesparq


Animal Erasers Manufacturers
        13 Suppliers &
        61 Products
        

Casino Manufacturers
        33 Suppliers &
        194 Products
        

Galvanized Steel Sheet Manufacturers
        266 Suppliers &
        1,566 Products
        

Mechanical Safe Manufacturers
        26 Suppliers &
        100 Products
        

HVLP Spray Gun Manufacturers
        14 Suppliers &
        43 Products
        




 


 
 








×
Message 
















									    Send this inquiry to similar products
									  










								Recipient: 


 Invite to connect
				      





























* All fields required






At no time will Tradesparq make your email available to other users without your permission.  See our privacy policy.




Close
Send Message









































Wilson Products | Gases, Welding & Industrial Supplies for the Lehigh Valley, New Jersey & Eastern Pennsylvania 















Home
Gases & Services
Welding & Industrial Supplies
History & Values
Specials & Events
Vendors
Contact Us

























					Welcome to Wilson Products			





Wilson Products is a privately owned company in Easton, Pa and was founded over 60 years ago. We are a distributor of various compressed gases, welding supplies, and industrial supplies that serve a variety of industries like welding & fabrication, medical, laboratory, and many more.
The staff at Wilson Products is here to meet and exceed your expectations. We are available to our customers 24 hours per day and 7 days per week. Please contact us today to learn more.
Welding & Industrial Supplies We offer the most up to date technology in welding, cutting, & industrial equipment. Demonstrations can be done in our fully equipped demo room or at the customer’s location.
Delivery Services When you need to have gases, supplies, and/or equipment shipped to your location, we have the staff & delivery trucks to accommodate you.




Mailing Address
Wilson Products 3411 Northwood Avenue Easton, PA 18045

Phone, Fax & Email
Local: 610-253-9608 Toll Free: 800-AIR-WILSON Fax: 610-559-1067 Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 





 






© 2017 Wilson Products, Inc. All rights reserved.

Home  |  Gases & Services  |  Welding & Industrial Supplies  |  History & Values  |  Specials & Events  |  Vendors  |  Contact Us












        Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events
     — Experts@Minnesota











Skip to main content









































Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events
Scott R. Benik, Bruce N. Wilson, David D. Biesboer, Brad Hansen, Dwayne Stenlund
Bioproducts and Biosystems EngineeringPlant Biology
Research output: Contribution to journal › Article





26
Citations











Abstract
Five different erosion control products were tested on the slopes of a newly constructed highway sedimentation basin to determine their impact on vegetative growth, runoff and soil erosion. The five tested treatments were a wood fiber blanket, a straw/coconut blanket, a straw blanket, a bonded-fiber matrix (hydraulically applied) and disk-anchored straw mulch. Three replicates of each treatment were used. The site was seeded with native prairie seeds and the establishment of vegetation was monitored over time. Early in the study, a large runoff event from the area above the plots overtopped them and caused a failure of the bonded-fiber matrix product. These plots were reclassified as a bare treatment. For the season of plant growth, the straw mulch plots had the greatest biomass, and the bare treatment had the least. There was little difference among treatments after the second growing season. Runoff and sediment yield were analyzed for five storm events. The largest runoff and sediment yields were observed from the bare treatment. The soil erosion was approximately ten times greater than that from the straw-mulch plots. The blanket treatments had less erosion than straw-mulch plots. There was, however, little difference between blanket types.
Original languageEnglish (US)Pages (from-to)98-105Number of pages8JournalJournal of Soil and Water ConservationVolume58Issue number2StatePublished - Mar 2003

Fingerprint



straw





mulch





runoff





erosion control





sediment yield





soil erosion





matrix





prairie





growing season





sedimentation





road





seed





erosion





rainfall





vegetation





biomass





basin





wood fibers





coconuts





prairies




KeywordsBiomassBlanketsErosionRunoffVegetationASJC Scopus subject areasSoil ScienceEcologyNature and Landscape ConservationWater Science and TechnologyEarth-Surface Processes

Cite this


Apa


Standard


Harvard


Vancouver


Author


BIBTEX


RIS




Benik, S. R., Wilson, B. N., Biesboer, D. D., Hansen, B., & Stenlund, D. (2003). Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events. Journal of Soil and Water Conservation, 58(2), 98-105. 


Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events. / Benik, Scott R.; Wilson, Bruce N.; Biesboer, David D.; Hansen, Brad; Stenlund, Dwayne. In: Journal of Soil and Water Conservation, Vol. 58, No. 2, 03.2003, p. 98-105.Research output: Contribution to journal › Article


Benik, SR, Wilson, BN, Biesboer, DD, Hansen, B & Stenlund, D 2003, 'Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events' Journal of Soil and Water Conservation, vol 58, no. 2, pp. 98-105.


Benik SR, Wilson BN, Biesboer DD, Hansen B, Stenlund D. Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events. Journal of Soil and Water Conservation. 2003 Mar;58(2):98-105.


Benik, Scott R.; Wilson, Bruce N.; Biesboer, David D.; Hansen, Brad; Stenlund, Dwayne / Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events. In: Journal of Soil and Water Conservation, Vol. 58, No. 2, 03.2003, p. 98-105.Research output: Contribution to journal › Article


@article{b3174c5bc68b48dba745419c856a4afb,
  title     = "Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall events",
  abstract  = "Five different erosion control products were tested on the slopes of a newly constructed highway sedimentation basin to determine their impact on vegetative growth, runoff and soil erosion. The five tested treatments were a wood fiber blanket, a straw/coconut blanket, a straw blanket, a bonded-fiber matrix (hydraulically applied) and disk-anchored straw mulch. Three replicates of each treatment were used. The site was seeded with native prairie seeds and the establishment of vegetation was monitored over time. Early in the study, a large runoff event from the area above the plots overtopped them and caused a failure of the bonded-fiber matrix product. These plots were reclassified as a bare treatment. For the season of plant growth, the straw mulch plots had the greatest biomass, and the bare treatment had the least. There was little difference among treatments after the second growing season. Runoff and sediment yield were analyzed for five storm events. The largest runoff and sediment yields were observed from the bare treatment. The soil erosion was approximately ten times greater than that from the straw-mulch plots. The blanket treatments had less erosion than straw-mulch plots. There was, however, little difference between blanket types.",
  keywords  = "Biomass, Blankets, Erosion, Runoff, Vegetation",
  author    = "Benik, {Scott R.} and Wilson, {Bruce N.} and Biesboer, {David D.} and Brad Hansen and Dwayne Stenlund",
  year      = "2003",
  month     = "3",
  volume    = "58",
  pages     = "98--105",
  journal   = "Journal of Soils and Water Conservation",
  issn      = "0022-4561",
  publisher = "Soil Conservation Society of America",
  number    = "2",
}


TY  - JOURT1  - Evaluation of erosion control products using natural rainfall eventsAU  - Benik,Scott R.AU  - Wilson,Bruce N.AU  - Biesboer,David D.AU  - Hansen,BradAU  - Stenlund,DwaynePY  - 2003/3Y1  - 2003/3N2  - Five different erosion control products were tested on the slopes of a newly constructed highway sedimentation basin to determine their impact on vegetative growth, runoff and soil erosion. The five tested treatments were a wood fiber blanket, a straw/coconut blanket, a straw blanket, a bonded-fiber matrix (hydraulically applied) and disk-anchored straw mulch. Three replicates of each treatment were used. The site was seeded with native prairie seeds and the establishment of vegetation was monitored over time. Early in the study, a large runoff event from the area above the plots overtopped them and caused a failure of the bonded-fiber matrix product. These plots were reclassified as a bare treatment. For the season of plant growth, the straw mulch plots had the greatest biomass, and the bare treatment had the least. There was little difference among treatments after the second growing season. Runoff and sediment yield were analyzed for five storm events. The largest runoff and sediment yields were observed from the bare treatment. The soil erosion was approximately ten times greater than that from the straw-mulch plots. The blanket treatments had less erosion than straw-mulch plots. There was, however, little difference between blanket types.AB  - Five different erosion control products were tested on the slopes of a newly constructed highway sedimentation basin to determine their impact on vegetative growth, runoff and soil erosion. The five tested treatments were a wood fiber blanket, a straw/coconut blanket, a straw blanket, a bonded-fiber matrix (hydraulically applied) and disk-anchored straw mulch. Three replicates of each treatment were used. The site was seeded with native prairie seeds and the establishment of vegetation was monitored over time. Early in the study, a large runoff event from the area above the plots overtopped them and caused a failure of the bonded-fiber matrix product. These plots were reclassified as a bare treatment. For the season of plant growth, the straw mulch plots had the greatest biomass, and the bare treatment had the least. There was little difference among treatments after the second growing season. Runoff and sediment yield were analyzed for five storm events. The largest runoff and sediment yields were observed from the bare treatment. The soil erosion was approximately ten times greater than that from the straw-mulch plots. The blanket treatments had less erosion than straw-mulch plots. There was, however, little difference between blanket types.KW  - BiomassKW  - BlanketsKW  - ErosionKW  - RunoffKW  - VegetationUR  - http://www.scopus.com/inward/record.url?scp=0037994122&partnerID=8YFLogxKUR  - http://www.scopus.com/inward/citedby.url?scp=0037994122&partnerID=8YFLogxKM3  - ArticleVL  - 58SP  - 98EP  - 105JO  - Journal of Soils and Water ConservationT2  - Journal of Soils and Water ConservationJF  - Journal of Soils and Water ConservationSN  - 0022-4561IS  - 2ER  - 






Access to Document
Link to publication in ScopusLink to citation list in Scopus


 




















Bruce N. Anderson - Co-Founder at Optodot Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Bruce N. Anderson
Co-Founder at Optodot Corp.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Investments 


Bruce N. Anderson
Co-Founder at Optodot Corp.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Wilson Solarpower Corp.

Optodot Corp.

Earth Day USA




Board Seats



6





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 576 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Steven A. Carlson

Co-Founder at Optodot Corp.




Ronald M. Schreiber

Co-Founder at Z80 Labs LLC





John E. Mack

Chief Executive Officer at Mojave Gold Corp.




S. David Freeman

Former Professional at Rossini Video Group, Inc.





Robert F. Hemphill, Jr.

Co-Founder at Toucan Capital Corp.




David M. Walker

Former President at Bechtel National, Inc.





Dave Belote

Senior Advisor at Cassidy & Associates, Inc.




Kymus Ginwala

Member, Advisory Board at Wilson Solarpower Corp.





Chris A. Kaiser

Provost at Massachusetts Institute of Technology




Martin A. Schmidt

Provost at Massachusetts Institute of Technology







See 566 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 566 More 


 


 Paths to Bruce N. Anderson



            Bruce N. Anderson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Bruce N. Anderson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Bruce N. Anderson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Masters in Architecture 
Class of 1973 


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2001 - Current                


Wilson Solarpower Corp.


                  Wilson Solarpower Corp. develops waterless solar power system that produces electricity. The company was founded by Bruce Anderson in 2001 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Co-Founder

                                    Current                


Optodot Corp.


                  Optodot Corp. manufactures nanoporous battery separators and infrared optical films. Its products include asset security, energy storage, energy conservation, generation and optical communications. The firm products range from nanoporous membranes for improved energy storage solutions to secure infrared markings that protect against product and ID document fraud. The company was founded by Steven A. Carlson and Bruce N. Anderson in 2000 and is headquartered in Watertown, MA.                




Co-Founder

                                    1990 - Prior                


Earth Day USA







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2000 - Current                  


Optodot Corp.

                    Optodot Corp. manufactures nanoporous battery separators and infrared optical films. Its products include asset security, energy storage, energy conservation, generation and optical communications. The firm products range from nanoporous membranes for improved energy storage solutions to secure infrared markings that protect against product and ID document fraud. The company was founded by Steven A. Carlson and Bruce N. Anderson in 2000 and is headquartered in Watertown, MA.                  




Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                    Current                  


Wilson Solarpower Corp.

                    Wilson Solarpower Corp. develops waterless solar power system that produces electricity. The company was founded by Bruce Anderson in 2001 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                  




Member, Advisory Board

                    Prior                  


National Renewable Energy Laboratory

                    National Renewable Energy Laboratory operates as laboratory for renewable energy and energy efficiency research and development. The company was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Golden, CO.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, MIT Corporation

                    2013 - Current                  


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

                    Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                  




Member, Global Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


MIT Enterprise Forum, Inc.

                    The MIT Enterprise Forum (MITEF) is a global organization of dedicated professionals with local chapters, affiliated with the 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) through MIT Technology Review. MIT Enterprise Forum is open to all participants of the entrepreneurial ecosystem.

    MIT Enterprise Forum is a nonprofit organization, headquarters with MIT Technology Review in Cambridge, Massachusetts with chapters worldwide
    MIT Enterprise Forum is led by dedicated staff and volunteers who share a passion for making a difference and achieving global outcomes through tailored local and regional programs
    MIT Enterprise Forum has chapters in major markets in the U.S. and a growing number outside of the U.S., including many in emerging markets                  




Member, Global Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


MIT Alumni Association

                    MIT alumni are members of one of the most diverse, talented, and invigorating communities in the world. The Alumni Association is a gateway to this community. The Association provides services and resources that strengthen alumni's ties to MIT and each other-across every stage of life and around the globe.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$5,000 - $10K




Massachusetts Institute of Technology


                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                




$250

                  2009                


DNC Service Corp.


                  DNC Service Corp. operates a political party. It is an organization which raises fund for the Democratic Party which has been a part of the U.S. political landscape. The company plans the presidential nominating convention, promotes candidates from the local to the national level and sets the party platform. DNC Service was founded in 1848 and is located in Washington, DC.                




$2,500

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Optodot Corp.

                  Optodot Corp. manufactures nanoporous battery separators and infrared optical films. Its products include asset security, energy storage, energy conservation, generation and optical communications. The firm products range from nanoporous membranes for improved energy storage solutions to secure infrared markings that protect against product and ID document fraud. The company was founded by Steven A. Carlson and Bruce N. Anderson in 2000 and is headquartered in Watertown, MA.                





 Other Affiliations




              Bruce N. Anderson is affiliated with
                            Wilson Solarpower Corp., Optodot Corp., Earth Day USA, Optodot Corp., Wilson Solarpower Corp., National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT Enterprise Forum, Inc., MIT Alumni Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













