

	COCO ABSORB Trademark of Wilson, Robert T. Serial Number: 86428249 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Chemical Products
COCO ABSORB










 
Get FREE email alerts













COCO ABSORB  Trademark Information
 Wilson, Robert T
Chemical composition for solidification of fluids and for absorbing spills




Perfect for these industries

Chemical Products





Words that describe this mark
chemical   composition   solidification   fluids   absorbing   spills    
                                    




This is a brand page for the COCO ABSORB trademark by Wilson, Robert T 
                                in Riverdale, UT, 84405.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COCO ABSORB trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Wilson, Robert T of the COCO ABSORB trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COCO ABSORB trademark.
                           






On Monday, October 20, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COCO ABSORB by 
                        Wilson, Robert T, Riverdale, UT  84405.
                        The USPTO has given the COCO ABSORB 
                        trademark serial  number of  86428249.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for COCO ABSORB is 
                        
                        
                                            BRETTON L. CROCKETT of 
                                            MORRISS O'BRYANT COMPAGNI, PC,  734 E 200 S, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84102-2202 
                                .
                            The COCO ABSORB trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Chemical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COCO ABSORB 
                            is Chemical composition for solidification of fluids and for absorbing spills. 
                            





Word mark:
 COCO ABSORB


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

4/25/2016






  Serial Number:  
86428249


  Filing Date:  
10/20/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Chemical composition for solidification of fluids and for absorbing spills


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Wilson, Robert TRiverdale, UT  84405
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ABSORB")


 Correspondent:


BRETTON L. CROCKETT
MORRISS O'BRYANT COMPAGNI, PC
734 E 200 S
SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84102-2202






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (001) - Chemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry; unprocessed artificial resins; unprocessed plastics; manures; fire extinguishing compositions; tempering and soldering preparations; chemical substances for preserving foodstuffs; tanning substances; adhesives used in industry. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COCO ABSORB trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/25/2016
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BRETTON L. CROCKETT


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COCO ABSORB trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cocoabsorb on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COCO ABSORB 




COCO ABSORB is providing Chemical composition for solidification of fluids and for absorbing spills.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























Specials & Events | Wilson Products
















Home
Gases & Services
Welding & Industrial Supplies
History & Values
Specials & Events
Vendors
Contact Us







					Specials & Events			





Welding Expo 2017, September 13 & 14, 2017, 8 AM to 5 PM (brochure)

Welding Expo 2015, September 23 & 24, 2015, 8 AM to 5 PM (brochure)

Welding Expo 2013, September 25 & 26, 2013, 8 AM to 5 PM (brochure)
Photos from the 2013 event. Please click for larger images.















 




Welding Expo 2011, September 28 & 29, 2011, 8 AM to 5 PM (brochure)
Photos from the 2011 event. Please click for larger images.















 


 


 


© 2017 Wilson Products, Inc. All rights reserved.

Home  |  Gases & Services  |  Welding & Industrial Supplies  |  History & Values  |  Specials & Events  |  Vendors  |  Contact Us







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 








Wilson, Robert, Stealing People | The Mysterious Bookshop



























Log in




               0 items
              



Check out












Wilson, Robert, Stealing People





Default Title - $19.00










Charlie Boxer, an expert at solving kidnappings and his ex-wife Detective Mercy Dunqah are tasked with taking down a bold and heartless crime syndicate responsible for the abduction of 6 children. Two years after the events of You Will Never Find Me, Boxer is contemplating retirement. He has found a measure of contentment even as a mystery from his own past gnaws at his sense of justice. Mercy balances a complicated personal life with an even more precarious professional one in the woefully under-resourced metropolitan Police Department. Both are suddenly pulled back into service when six children of wealthy families vanish, taken by a ruthlessly efficent organization with a single astonishing demand. Investigators stymied and time expiring, they seem set on a calamitous course.  Trapped, off-balance, and with little left to lose they plunge into a cauldron of warring intelligence agencies, morally destitute billionaires, and human traffickers, coming finally to a fateful Moroccan reckoning that will forever change them. The latest entry in Robert Wilson’s acclaimed Charlie Boxer series, Stealing People is both topical and thrilling. Wilson unravels a convincing web of international intrigue in a world where heroism may breed vice and virtue is an accidental byproduct of crime.


Tweet


















Sign up for 
our e-newsletter!
























                
                $39.95
                
                



Irish, William - Phantom Lady







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - Strike Out Where Not A...







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - The King of the Rainy ...







                
                $20.00
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - The Kitchen







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - The Lovely Ladies







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - Aupres de Ma Blonde







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - The Dresden Green







                
                $7.50
                
                



Freeling, Nicolas - Double Barrel







                
                $15.99
                
                



Alafair Burke - The Ex Paperback







                
                $33.00
                
                



Andrew Taylor - Fireside Gothic







                
                $50.00
                
                



Ali Land - Good Me, Bad Me







                
                $25.99
                
                



Jane Harper - The Dry













      Specializing in Mystery Fiction and all its subgenres, including Detective,
 Crime, Hardboiled, Thrillers, Espionage, and Suspense.
 

Located at 58 Warren St in New York City, we are open Monday-Saturday from 11am-7pm. 212.587.1011  
Sign up for our newsletter! Click on the tab at the top of the site to learn more!






Product Categories





Bibliomysteries



British Imports



Expected Signings



First Mysteries



Hard Boiled & Noir



Lee Child Limited Edition Series



Limited Deluxe Editions from The Mysterious Bookshop



Mysterious Bookshop Bibliomysteries



Mysterious Bookshop Merchandise



MysteriousPress.com Originals



Nonfiction & True Crime



Paperback



Picture Books, Juvenile, and Young Adult Mysteries



Rare and Collectible



Sherlock Holmes



Signed and New Releases



Suspense



Thriller & Espionage



Traditional & Historical



Unclassifiable
















 












Wilson Robert at Digital Monitoring Products | Civilian Recruiter |  RallyPoint































 








About Us

Log In
Sign Up





    The Professional Military Network
  






 































                  Wilson Robert
               








Civilian | Civilian Recruiter

Corporate Recruiter at Digital Monitoring Products (Security)






 






73% Complete




0 Endorsements
0 Contacts


Influence Score: 6502,721 out of 133,763 Civilians
        
 




      Recent Activity 
       - 





All
Discussions
Responses
Comments
Votes
Endorsements
Contacts
Views
Groups





Bio 




Currently I am working for Digital Monitoring Products, a security System Manufacturer, as their Corporate Recruiter.  We are currently seeking Tech Support Reps.
I have been recruiting and Hiring the last 4 years since I graduated college.  The majority of that time has been spent developing and maintaining a recruitment and retention program for RBX Transportation Inc. out of Strafford, MO.










Credentials






Certifications







Jun 2006


Eagle Scout Award









Security Clearance
None / Expired








Education



Academic Degrees








2010 - 2012


Missouri State University
Bachelor's Degree, Human Resources / Industrial Organizationtional Psychology







2008 - 2010


Ozarks Technical Community College
Associate Degree, Psychology











Civilian Experiences






Aug 2016 - Present




Corporate Recruiter

Digital Monitoring Products (Security)
 | Springfield, MO




Responsible for full life cycle recruitment and hiring. Analyze staffing needs and develop cost effective, creative recruitment strategies and programs to attract talent. Coordinate communications and arrange interview with applicants and hiring managers.







Aug 2013 - Aug 2016



Recruiting Manager

      RBX Transportation Inc.
         | Strafford, MO




Responsible for recruitment and retention. Researched and implemented recruiting and retention strategies. Website management and online advertising.  Researched retention and recruiting trends of the company and adjusted strategies to keep up with projected growth or decline of staffing levels.  Implemented student training programs such as the OJT program for veterans seeking to gain skills in the trucking industry.







Feb 2013 - Aug 2013



Staffing Specialist

      PenMac Staffing
         | Springfield, MO




Select, Prescreen, and place candidates for a wide range of client positions. Conduct interviews, as well as ensure correct completion of employment documents.











Personal Information





Interests

 Aerospace Astronomy Cars Computer Building Deer Hunting Dog Training Drums Firearms and Guns Interview Motorcycles Paintball Piano Recruiting Science Space Statistics Sustainability Travel Turkey Hunting Video Games









 Endorsements






 







Similar Members












CPT (Join to see)

Family Readiness Liaison at 1-68 AR, 3rd ABCT, 4th ID, III Corps











SGT (Join to see)

TIG NCOIC Paralegal at HHD, 338th MI, 648th RSG, MIRC











CPT (Join to see)

Commander Support Staff at 70th TC HHC, 70th TC, Missouri ARNG, MILPAC Region V











LCpl Christopher Ridgway

 at Top Gun Security & Investigations (Security)











SGT Joshua Williamson

Alarm Technician at Protection Networks (Security)

See more














    Join RallyPoint for a complete view of Wilson Robert
  







Scroll


© RallyPoint Networks, Inc 2017

 About Us 
 Explore All Groups 
 Business Services 
 Support 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Feedback 

FAQ


Legal


Privacy Policy



RallyPoint is not affiliated with DoD
























Welcome to RallyPoint!


 Continue with Facebook 


 Continue with Google 



Sign Up With Email
   | 
  I have an account


Terms of Service | Privacy Policy

          I'm a civilian Supporter
        










 Continue with Facebook 


 Continue with Google 



Sign Up With Email
   | 
  I have an account
















HPB | Search for Wilson, Robert

HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREYour search for "Wilson, Robert" returned 2641 results.Price Less than $2 (898) $2 to $5 (266) $5 to $15 (478) Over $15 (507)Format Paperback (971) Hardcover (668) DVD (517) Compact Disc (220) Blu-Ray (216) CD/Spoken Word (32) Cassette/Spoken Word (6) Library (5) Unspecified (4) Prebind (1) Turtleback (1)Condition New (617) Used (1290) Fine/Like New (F) (39) Very Good (VG) (75) Good (G) (1278) Fair (FR) (0) Poor (P) (0)Publisher createspace independent pub (127) kessinger pub (63) taylor & francis (38) bibliolife (37)See all oxford univ pr (33) princeton univ pr (29) random house inc (28) springer verlag (28) univ of chicago pr (26) new falcon pubns (23) lightning source inc (22) tor books (22) john wiley & sons inc (20) cambridge univ pr (19) mit pr (18) univ of michigan pr (18) routledge (16) st martins pr (15) bloomsbury usa academic (13) rowman & littlefield pub inc (13) simon & schuster (13) w w norton & co inc (13) author solutions (12) bradford books (12) duke univ pr (12) johns hopkins univ pr (12) authorhouse (11) univ of texas pr (11) distributed art pub inc (10) harpercollins (10) houghton mifflin harcourt (10) palgrave macmillan (10) univ of north carolina pr (10) consortium book sales & dist (9) gale / cengage learning (9) oxford univ pr on demand (9) perseus books group (9) brill rodopi (8) harvard univ pr (8) pearson college div (8) perseus distribution services (8) univ of california pr (8) univ of nebraska pr (8) univ pr of mississippi (8) univ texas at austin lyndon b (8) universal studios home video (8) general books (7) harpercollins christian pub (7) ingram pub services (7) random house (7) barrons educational series inc (6) berkley pub group (6) bibliobazaar (6) greenwood pub group (6) liberty fund (6) mcgraw-hill (6) penguin group usa (6) pgw (6) univ of georgia pr (6) univ of missouri pr (6) xlibris corp (6) brookings inst pr (5) farrar straus & giroux (5) louisiana state univ pr (5) orb books (5) paramount home entertainment (5) prestel pub (5) primus books (5) rand corp (5) small pr distribution (5) univ of minnesota pr (5) univ of virginia pr (5) univ of wisconsin pr (5) west group (5) zondervan (5) ashgate pub co (4) birkhauser (4) celesa (4) crc pr i llc (4) eerdmans pub co (4) emi (4) fantagraphics books (4) griffin (4) grove pr (4) hazelden (4) iuniverse inc (4) kensington pub corp (4) mcgill queens univ pr (4) modern library (4) mosby inc (4) new york univ pr (4) pennsylvania state univ pr (4) praeger pub text (4) schiffer pub ltd (4) southern illinois univ pr (4) texas a & m univ pr (4) tor science fiction (4) univ of washington pr (4) univ pr of florida (4) warner home video (4)See fewerAuthor adam shankman (4) alam, muzaffar (int)/ subrahmanyam, sanjay (int) (5) alfred e. green (3) alfred hitchcock (4)See all anne fletcher (4) baltasar kormákur (3) bennett miller (4) bobby farrelly (6) brett ratner (4) brian levant (7) bryce, james b. (5) charles sellier (4) charles walters (3) chris buck (3) chris columbus (7) conquest, robert (3) crowell, benedict/ wilson, robert forrest (3) david chase (4) david dobkin (12) david fincher (4) david lean (7) downing, sybil/ barker, jane valentine/ wilson, robert f. (4) evans, robert wilson (15) forster, margaret (3) franklin j. schaffner (6) gallagher, gary w. (edt) (5) garry marshall (6) genovesi, robert (3) george marshall (3) gibbes, robert wilson (7) good, robert c. (3) guy ritchie (3) henty, g. a. (4) hugh wilson (5) hutchison, don (edt) (3) james wan (4) jay roach (21) jean-francois richet (4) john glen (16) jon amiel (5) katja von garnier (5) kevin costner (8) lee tamahori (7) les mayfield (5) lewis milestone (6) luc besson (9) marc forster (10) michael apted (5) michael bay (8) michael winner (5) mike nichols (14) neal, robert wilson (5) not available (na) (15) paul feig (12) paul weitz (5) pitof (7) ray enright (5) richard ayoade (4) richard wilson (9) rinehart, mary roberts/ preston, may wilson (ilt) (4) robert luketic (8) robert wilson (7) robert zemeckis (6) roger michell (6) roger spottiswoode (8) shawn levy (11) shufeldt, robert wilson (5) sidney lumet (5) terrence malick (6) tim burton (5) tom hanks (5) tony gilroy (4) various (11) various artists (160) walt becker (4) wes anderson (17) wilson, jacqueline/ roberts, david (ilt) (5) wilson, james robert (7) wilson, robert (117) wilson, robert a. (41) wilson, robert a. (edt) (7) wilson, robert anton (26) wilson, robert burns (4) wilson, robert charles (48) wilson, robert dick (7) wilson, robert e. (4) wilson, robert f. (9) wilson, robert f./ rambusch, erik h. (4) wilson, robert g. (4) wilson, robert j. (7) wilson, robert l. (5) wilson, robert m. (4) wilson, robert mcliam (7) wilson, robert neal (5) wilson, robert r. (5) wilson, robert s. (8) wilson, robert thomas (9) wilson, robert w. (4) wilson, robert/ randolph, herbert (edt) (4) wilson, william julius (4)See fewerDirector jay roach (22) wes anderson (17) john glen (16) mike nichols (16)See all paul feig (15) michael bay (13) david dobkin (12) shawn levy (12) marc forster (10) kevin costner (9) luc besson (9) richard wilson (9) robert luketic (8) roger spottiswoode (8) brian levant (7) chris columbus (7) david lean (7) lee tamahori (7) pitof (7) robert zemeckis (7) bobby farrelly (6) franklin j. schaffner (6) garry marshall (6) lewis milestone (6) robert wilson (6) roger michell (6) terrence malick (6) tim burton (6) adam shankman (5) hugh wilson (5) jon amiel (5) katja von garnier (5) les mayfield (5) michael apted (5) michael winner (5) paul weitz (5) ray enright (5) sidney lumet (5) tom hanks (5) alfred hitchcock (4) anne fletcher (4) baltasar kormákur (4) bennett miller (4) brett ratner (4) charles sellier (4) chris buck (4) david chase (4) david fincher (4) jack clayton (4) james wan (4) jean-francois richet (4) richard ayoade (4) tony gilroy (4) walt becker (4) alfred e. green (3) charles walters (3) george marshall (3) guy ritchie (3) james gunn (3) joe russo (3) john davies (3) nicholas stoller (3) peyton reed (3) robert townsend (3) ryan coogler (3) scott hicks (3) steven soderbergh (3) tom dey (3) alejandro gonzález iñárritu (2) andrew renzi (2) anthony russo (2) barker,cheryl (2) boaz yakin (2) brian helgeland (2) bryan fogel (2) cary fukunaga (2) charles lane (2) charles martin smith (2) charles sturridge (2) chris williams (2) christopher douglas-olen ray (2) d. ross lederman (2) david cronenberg (2) david lowell rich (2) david posamentier (2) david schwimmer (2) denis villeneuve (2) diablo cody (2) doug liman (2) eduardo sanchez (2) elizabeth banks (2) ernest b. schoedsack (2) francis lawrence (2) george sidney (2) gina prince-bythewood (2) henri charr (2) irving rapper (2) jack conway (2) jimmy hayward (2) joe chappelle (2)See fewerActor owen wilson (89) michael g. wilson (44) ben stiller (42) david arnold (32)See all judi dench (30) robert d. yeoman (30) robert de niro (29) barbara broccoli (28) blythe danner (28) pierce brosnan (28) chris columbus (26) jay roach (24) rita wilson (23) robin williams (23) teri polo (23) digital domain (22) dustin hoffman (21) robert wilson (21) framestore (20) industrial light and magic (20) james rebhorn (20) john barry (20) john hamburg (20) mark radcliffe (20) neal purvis (20) richard riehle (20) robert wade (20) samantha bond (20) thomas mccarthy (20) christopher walken (19) elizabeth wilson (19) julio macat (19) luke wilson (19) michael barnathan (19) rachel mcadams (19) bill murray (18) desmond llewelyn (18) ehren kruger (18) james newton howard (18) michael andrews (18) mike nichols (18) rolfe kent (18) rose byrne (18) scott wilson (18) thomas lennon (18) al matthews (17) alan tudyk (17) andy buckley (17) greg p. russell (17) halle berry (17) julia roberts (17) level 256 (17) marc fishman (17) maya rudolph (17) peter abrams (17) rebel wilson (17) robert l. levy (17) wes anderson (17) albert r. broccoli (16) amy adams (16) andrew panay (16) daniel orlandi (16) hugh dane (16) jane rosenthal (16) jim herzfeld (16) john di maggio (16) john glen (16) jon abrahams (16) jon poll (16) mark mothersbaugh (16) nancy tenenbaum (16) nicole dehuff (16) peter james (16) philip seymour hoffman (16) phyllis george (16) randall poster (16) randy newman (16) richard maibaum (16) richard wilson (16) rusty smith (16) thierry arbogast (16) adam jenkins (15) andrew wilson (15) ben falcone (15) chris o'dowd (15) christopher fairbank (15) douglas a. mowat (15) jeffrey j. haboush (15) jillian bell (15) lisa rodgers (15) mara wilson (15) matt rebenkoff (15) melissa mccarthy (15) mitch silpa (15) paul feig (15) reno wilson (15) steve bannos (15) steve coogan (15) alec baldwin (14) clarence wilson (14)See fewerArtist various artists (184) various (11) james brown (2) jelly roll morton (2)See all wilson pickett (2) bifrost arts (1) big l.a./kid frost (1) composer: english traditional artist: o'dette, paul [lute] (1) composer: jacob druckman (composer) (1928 - 1996) (1) composer: robert morton (1430 - circa 1476) artist: wilson, christopher [lute] (1) doc. ce (1) giovanni sollima (1) glass,philip ensemb (1) kenny wayne shepherd/kenny wayne shepherd band (1) king crimson (1) marc shaiman (1) mr. c (1) original soundtrack (1) phish (1) robert wilson (1) sun ra (1) the scottish fiddle orchestra (1) wayman tisdale (1) wilson,stanley (1)See fewerDepartment comedy (231) drama (171) action/adventure (150) popular music (67)See all science fiction (50) horror (49) science/math (44) biography/autobiography (42) fiction (38) literary criticism (37) performing arts (37) history/american (36) art (33) blues music (31) sociology (31) soul/r&b (31) politics/intl relations (29) religion/ethics (29) history/world (26) poetry (24) family (23) mystery/suspense (23) literature/classics (22) medical (21) jazz music (18) psychology (17) business/economics (16) sci-fi/fantasy (15) christmas (14) documentary (14) nature/ecology (13) westerns (13) dance, dj (11) education (11) folk music (11) music (11) philosophy (11) new age (10) spoken word: general (10) fantasy (9) graphic novels (9) classical music (8) foreign video - french (8) juvenile grades 7-9 ages 12-14 (8) world music (8) humor (7) musicals (7) plays (7) suspense (7) architecture (6) computer/general (6) reference (6) language (5) military (5) mystery (5) country & western (4) law (4) performing arts - opera (4) photo techniques (4) soundtracks & scores (4) spanish adult fiction (4) sports (4) christmas music (3) dance (3) foreign video - spanish/misc. (3) gospel/christian music (3) juvenile grades 1-2 ages 6-7 (3) juvenile grades 2-3 ages 7-8 (3) soul/reggae/rhythm & blues (3) television (3) travel (3) true crime (3) antiques & collectibles (2) biography (2) children's video (2) martial arts (2) music video: documentary (2) music videos - classical (2) original cast recordings (2) performing arts - concerts (2) pets (2) self help (2) spoken word: comedy (2) television: british mystery/dr (2) television: series (2) western (2) adult entertainment rated "r" (1) audio other (1) careers-jobs (1) childrens (1) christian video (1) cinema-film (1) contemporary christian music (1) cooking (1) crafts & hobbies (1) do-it-yourself (1) erotica (1) family/marriage (1) feature film urban drama (1) feature film-romance (1)See fewerAttributes Signed (1) First Edition (2)Deals In stock under $5 (1157) Clearance (985)LanguageSelectAfar
Abkhazian
Achinese
Acoli
Adangme
Adyghe; Adygei
Afro Asiatic (Other)
Afrihili
Afrikaans
Akan
Akkadian
Albanian
Aleut
Algonquian Languages
Amharic
Old English
Apache Languages
Arabic
Aramaic
Aragonese
Armenian
Araucanian
Arapaho
Artificial (Other)
Arawak
Assamese
Asturian; Bable
Assyrian
Athapascan Languages
Australian Languages
Avaric
Avestan
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijani
Banda
Bamileke Languages
Bashkir
Baluchi
Bambara
Balinese
Basque
Baltic (Other)
Beja
Belarusian
Bemba
Bengali
Berber (Other)
Bhojpuri
Bihari
Bikol
Bilingual
Bini
Bislama
Siksika
Bantu (Other)
Bosnian
Braj
Breton
Batak (Indonesia)
Buriat
Buginese
Bulgarian
Burmese
Blin; Bilin
Caddo
Central American Indian (Other)
Cambodian
Carib
Catalan
Caucasian (Other)
Cayuga
Cebuano
Celtic Languages
Chamorro
Chibcha
Chechen
Chagatai
Chinese
Chuukese
Mari
Chinook Jargon
Choctaw
Chipewyan
Cherokee
Church & Old Slavic/Slavonic; Old Bulgarian
Chuvash
Cheyenne
Chamic Languages
Coptic
Cornish
Corsican
Creoles And Pidgins
Cree
Crimean Tatar; Crimean Turkish
Creoles And Pidgins (Other)
Kashubian
Cushitic (Other)
Czech
Dakota
Danish
Dari Afghanistan
Dayak
Delaware
Slave (Athapascan)
Dogrib
Dinka
Divehi
Dogri
Dravidian (Other)
Lower Sorbian
Duala
Dutch
Dyula
Dzongkha
Efik
Egyptian (Ancient)
Ekajuk
Elamite
English
Middle English
Esperanto
Estonian
Ewe
Ewondo
Fang
Faroese
Fanti
Fijian
Filipino; Pilipino
Finnish
Finno Ugrian (Other)
Fon
French
Frisian
Fulah
Friulian
Ga
Gayo
Gbaya
Germanic (Other)
Georgian
German
Geez
Gilbertese
Gaelic
Irish
Gallegan
Manx
Gondi
Gorontalo
Gothic
Grebo
Ancient Greek
Greek
Guarani
Gujarati
Gwich´In
Haida
Haitian; Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Herero
Hiligaynon
Himachali
Hindi
Hittite
Hmong
Hiri Motu
Upper Sorbian
Hungarian
Hupa
Iban
Igbo
Icelandic
Ido
Sichuan Yi
Ijo
Inuktitut
Interlingue
Iloko
Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association)
Indic (Other)
Indonesian
Indo European Languages
Ingush
Inupiaq
Pashto Iranian
Iroquoian Languages
Italian
Javanese
Lojban
Japanese
Judeo Persian
Judeo Arabic
Kara Kalpak
Kabyle
Kachin
Kalaallisut; Greenlandic
Kamba
Kannada
Karen
Kashmiri
Kanuri
Kawi
Kazakh
Kabardian
Khasi
Khoisan (Other)
Khmer
Khotanese
Kikuyu; Gikuyu
Kinyarwanda
Kirghiz
Kimbundu
Konkani
Komi
Kongo
Korean
Kosraean
Kpelle
Karachay Balkar
Kru
Kurukh
Kuanyama; Kwanyama
Kumyk
Kurdish
Kutenai
Ladino
Lahnda
Lamba
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lezghian
Limburgan; Limburger; Limburgish
Lingala
Lithuanian
Mongo
Lozi
Luxembourgish; Letzeburgesch
Luba Lulua
Luba Katanga
Ganda
Luiseno
Lunda
Luo (Kenya And Tanzania)
Lushai
Macedonian
Madurese
Magahi
Marshallese
Maithili
Makasar
Malayalam
Mandarin
Maori
Austronesian (Other)
Marathi
Masai
Malay
Moksha
Mandar
Mende
Mexican
Mi'kmaq; Micmac
Minangkabau
Miscellaneous Languages
Mon Khmer (Other)
Malagasy
Maltese
Manchu
Manipuri
Manobo Languages
Mohawk
Moldavian
Mongolian
Mossi
Multilingual
Munda Languages
Creek
Mirandese
Marwari
Mayan Languages
Erzya
Nahualt (Aztec)
North American Indian
Neapolitan
Nauru
Navajo
Ndebele
Ndonga
Low German; Low Saxon; German
Nepali
Newari; Nepal Bhasa
Nias
Niger Kordofanian (Other)
Niuean
Norwegian Nynorsk; Nynorsk
Norwegian BokmÅl; BokmÅl
Nogai
Norse
Norwegian
Northern Sotho
Nubian Languages
Classical Newari; Old Newari; Classical Nepal Bhasa
Chichewa; Chewa; Nyanja
Nyamwezi
Nyankole
Nyoro
Nzima
Occitan (Post 1500); ProvenÇal
Ojibwa
Oriya
Oromo
Osage
Ossetian; Ossetic
Turkish
Other
Otomian Languages
Papuan (Other)
Pangasinan
Pahlavi
Pampanga
Punjabi
Papiamento
Palauan
Persian
Persian Farsi
Philipino
Phoenician
Pali
Polish
Pohnpeian
Portuguese
Prakrit Languages
ProvenÇal
Pushto
Quechua
Rajasthani
Rapanui
Rarotongan
Romance (Other)
Raeto Romance
Romansch
Romanian
Rundi
Russian
Sandawe
Sango
Yakut
South American Indian (Other)
Salishan Languages
Sam
Sanskrit
Sasak
Santali
Serbo Croatian
Sicilian
Scots
Croatian
Selkup
Semitic
Sign Languages
Shan
Sidamo
Sinhala; Sinhalese
Siouan Languages
Sino Tibetan (Other)
Slavic (Other)
Slovak
Slovenian
Southern Sami
Northern Sami
Sami Languages (Other)
Lule Sami
Inari Sami
Samoan
Skolt Sami
Shona
Sindhi
Soninke
Sogdian
Somali
Songhai
Sotho
Spanish
Sardinian
Serer
Nilo Saharan (Other)
Swati
Sukuma
Sundanese
Susu
Sumerian
Swahili
Swedish
Syriac
Tahitian
Tai (Other)
Tamil
Tatar
Telugu
Timne
Tereno
Tetum
Tajik
Tagalog
Thai
Tibetan
Tigre
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tokelau
Klingon; Tlhingan Hol
Tlingit
Tamashek
Tonga (Nyasa)
Tonga (Tonga Islands)
Tok Pisin
Tsimshian
Tswana
Tsonga
Turkmen
Tumbuka
Tupi Languages
Altaic (Other)
Tuvalu
Twi
Tuvinian
Udmurt
Ugaritic
Uighur; Uyghur
Ukrainian
Umbundu
Undetermined
Urdu
Uzbek
Vai
Venda
Vietnamese
VolapÜk
Votic
Wakashan Languages
Walamo
Waray
Washo
Welsh
Sorbian Languages
Walloon
Wolof
Kalmyk
Xhosa
Yao
Yapese
Yiddish
Yoruba
Yupik Languages
Zapotec (Mexico)
Zenaga
Zhuang; Chuang
Zande
Zulu
ZuniYeartoENDS JULY 30WIN A $500 GIFT CARDLet us invest in your dreams by picking up the tab for your textbooks! Snap a selfie and you could win.ENTER WEEKLYAll999+Books999+Music258 ResultsMovies & TV733 ResultsSort results by:Most RelevantPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to LowTitle A - ZTitle Z - AAuthor/Artist/DirectorPublication Date: Newest to OldestPublication Date: Oldest to NewestThe Explorer King: Adventure, Science, And The Great Diamond Hoax    A True Tale Of The Old Westby Wilson, Robert  (2006)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1)The Explorer King: Adventure, Science, And The Great Diamond Hoax    A True Tale Of The Old Westby Wilson, Robert  (2006)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1)Used Hardcover from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Hardcover from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99A Small Death In Lisbonby Wilson, Robert  (2000)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (2)A Small Death In Lisbonby Wilson, Robert  (2000)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (2)Used Hardcover from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Hardcover from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Astronomy Through The Ages: The Story Of The Human Attempt To Understand The Universeby Wilson, Robert  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (4) | Paperback (1)Astronomy Through The Ages: The Story Of The Human Attempt To Understand The Universeby Wilson, Robert  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (4) | Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $0.99 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Houses I've Died Inby Wilson, Robert  (2015)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)Houses I've Died Inby Wilson, Robert  (2015)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockThe Blind Man Of Sevilleby Wilson, Robert  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)The Blind Man Of Sevilleby Wilson, Robert  (2004)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)Used Paperback from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Paperback from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99The Vanished Handsby Wilson, Robert  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1)The Vanished Handsby Wilson, Robert  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) | Paperback (1)Used Paperback from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Paperback from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Company Of Strangersby Wilson, Robert  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2)Company Of Strangersby Wilson, Robert  (2002)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2)Used Paperback from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Paperback from $3.50 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Blind Man Of Sevilleby Wilson, Robert  (2003)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)Blind Man Of Sevilleby Wilson, Robert  (2003)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)Used Hardcover from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Used Hardcover from $3.00 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Astronomy Through The Ages: The Story Of The Human Attempt To Understand The Universeby Wilson, Robert  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (4) | Paperback (1)Astronomy Through The Ages: The Story Of The Human Attempt To Understand The Universeby Wilson, Robert  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (4) | Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $0.99 See DetailsSee all from $0.99Robert Wilson: The Theater Of Imagesby Wilson, Robert  (1984)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (6) | Paperback (6)Robert Wilson: The Theater Of Imagesby Wilson, Robert  (1984)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (6) | Paperback (6)Used Paperback from $15.61 See DetailsSee all from $15.58Used Paperback from $15.61 See DetailsSee all from $15.58Show 10 more results×







































 Robert  Wilson | Products


















 
 



NAA Recruiting
 Robert  Wilson 
 


NAA Life is the #1 provider of mortgage protection insurance in the U.S. and offers a variety of products to fit any budget and meet the changing needs of America's families. The NAA family of products includes mortgage protection, life insurance, disability insurance and annuities.

Mortgage Protection Insurance
For most American families, the mortgage represents the largest source of personal debt, a debt that can easily default in the event of the primary breadwinner’s death. NAA®’s premier product, mortgage protection insurance, is a specialized form of life insurance designed to pay off the mortgage if that should occur, so that families can keep their homes no matter what.


Index Universal Life
Indexed Universal Life Insurance provides peace of mind to the family by providing life insurance and by gaining extra cash for additional needs that may arise. Indexed Universal Life Insurance covers your family and presents the opportunity for income stream, estate planning and permanent life insurance.


Final Expense
Final Expense Insurance allows the family to feel secure knowing that the funeral and burial costs and arrangements are already taken care of should a loved one pass away. With this peace of mind, the family will have the flexibility and freedom to pay off the final expenses of a loved one.


Annuities
Retirement income is no longer as certain as it once was. It’s becoming increasingly important to have a sound financial plan in place. With an annuity, you can guarantee income for the rest of your life and enjoy your golden years without worrying about the finances or burdening your family.


Term Life Insurance
Death is an emotional time for a family. In addition to bereavement, there is also the loss of income and the looming threat of unpaid bills. Term life insurance pays families a cash benefit if death should occur, easing their financial burden during a difficult transition.


Disability Insurance
Death isn’t the only thing that threatens a household. Disability can just as easily cripple a family’s ability to make mortgage payments. Mortgage disability insurance protects against this, ensuring payments are made regardless of the insured’s health or ability to draw income.



Shop At NAATax Free Retirement$19.95






© 2017 - National Agents Alliance. All rights reserved

 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































WILSON, Robert. The Life and Times of Joseph Stalin. - Cult Jones             0 HomeBooks ArtLimited EditionsTattooingSignedDesignGeneralFashionMusicPhotographyCookerySexologyObjectsArtworksAbout meContactSearchShop CategoryArtworksBooks   Art   Cookery   Design   Fashion   General   Limited Editions   Music   Photography   Sexology   Signed   TattooingObjects        
Search WILSON, Robert. The Life and Times of Joseph Stalin.(New York): The Byrd Hoffman School of Byrds, c.1973.  Five A4 stapled sheets.  A press release for Wilson’s production The Life and Times of Joseph Stalin   together with cover sheet calling for performers and an open house event at 147 Spring Street. The Life and Times of Joseph Stalin was a more than 12-hour long opera that incorporated scenes from previous plays, e.g. from The Life and Times of Sigmund Freud (1969) and Deafman Glance (1971), as well as new material.  The opera premiered on December 14, 1973 at the Opera House of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, Brooklyn, New York.  A very good example.      $50.001 in stock  Add to cart Categories: Books, General   
WILSON, Robert. The Life and Times of Sigmund Freud. - Cult Jones             0 HomeBooks ArtLimited EditionsTattooingSignedDesignGeneralFashionMusicPhotographyCookerySexologyObjectsArtworksAbout meContactSearchShop CategoryArtworksBooks   Art   Cookery   Design   Fashion   General   Limited Editions   Music   Photography   Sexology   Signed   TattooingObjects        
Search WILSON, Robert. The Life and Times of Sigmund Freud.(New York, NY): Byrd Hoffman School of Byrds & The Bryd Hoffman Foundation, Inc., [1969].  A small pamphlet playbill for the Byrd Hoffman School of Byrds’ presentation of Wilson’s The Life and Times of Sigmund Freud a three act dance play that premiered at Brooklyn Academy of Music Opera House.  Wilson stated that this work is “not a historical but a poetic presentation of Freud’s life.”  The setting of each of the three acts meant to suggest the progression of his life: a sunny beach (Freud’s childhood) gave way to a grey Victorian sitting room (Freud’s middle years), which in turn gave way to a dark cave (Freud’s final years). M. Sondak, the actor who played Freud, was a jeweller from Coney Island who bumped into Wilson in Grand Central Terminal.  So striking was his resemblance to the father of psychoanalysis that Wilson insisted he star in his new play.  Additionally, Liba Bayrack, the actress who played Freud’s wife, was Wilson’s grandmother.  Wilson would also make use of the various artists who passed through the Byrd Loft in Soho.  Both Jack Smith (Walrus) and Gordon Matta-Clark took part in this production.  A very good copy. $125.001 in stock  Add to cart Categories: Books, General   
