

	SOURPUSS RECORDS Trademark of WILSON, STEPHEN R.. Serial Number: 74694825 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
SOURPUSS RECORDS










 
Get FREE email alerts













SOURPUSS RECORDS  Trademark Information
 WILSON, STEPHEN R.
pre-recorded phonograph records, compact discs, and audio cassettes featuring music




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
prerecorded   phonograph   records      compact   discs      audio   cassettes   featuring   music    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark by WILSON, STEPHEN R. 
                                in BOSTON, MA, 02109.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner WILSON, STEPHEN R. of the SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, June 28, 1995,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SOURPUSS RECORDS by 
                        WILSON, STEPHEN R., BOSTON, MA  02109.
                        The USPTO has given the SOURPUSS RECORDS 
                        trademark serial  number of  74694825.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for SOURPUSS RECORDS is 
                        
                        
                                            STEPHEN R. WILSON of 
                                            117 FULTON ST.,  BOSTON, MA  02109,  
                                .
                            The SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SOURPUSS RECORDS 
                            is pre-recorded phonograph records, compact discs, and audio cassettes featuring music. 
                            





Word mark:
 SOURPUSS RECORDS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

10/13/2007



  Serial Number:  
74694825


  Filing Date:  
6/28/1995


 Registration Number:  
2028320 


 Registration Date:  
1/7/1997


 Goods and Services: 
pre-recorded phonograph records, compact discs, and audio cassettes featuring music


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/21/1996


Last Applicant/Owner:

WILSON, STEPHEN R.BOSTON, MA  02109
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words(75% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Heads, portraits, busts of men not in profile (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                    Grotesque men formed by letters, numbers, punctuation or geometric shapes  (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles as carriers or rectangles as single or multiple line borders (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Plain single line rectangles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("RECORDS")


 Correspondent:


STEPHEN R. WILSON
117 FULTON ST.
BOSTON, MA  02109







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
12/20/1994


First Use In Commerce: 
12/20/1994





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/13/2007
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



STEPHEN R. WILSON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SOURPUSS RECORDS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sourpussrecords on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SOURPUSS RECORDS 




SOURPUSS RECORDS is providing pre-recorded phonograph records, compact discs, and audio cassettes featuring music.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















GENE D WILSON & STEPHEN R WILS - STOCKTON, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



STOCKTON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            GENE D WILSON & STEPHEN R WILS
                                    



 





















G 


GENE D WILSON & STEPHEN R WILS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1504 W HARDING WAY STOCKTON, CA 95203
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $63,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts GENE WILSON







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Gene D Wilson & Stephen R Wils specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Gene D Wilson & Stephen R Wils has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $63,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















Stephen R. Wilson - Chief Executive Officer at CF Industries Sales LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stephen R. Wilson
Chief Executive Officer at CF Industries Sales LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Awards & Honors 


Stephen R. Wilson
Chief Executive Officer at CF Industries Sales LLC



 Overview



Age



68
                                  (Born 1949)
                                              




Notable Companies


Corporate Acquirers, Inc.

CF Industries Sales LLC

CF Industries Holdings, Inc.




Awards



2





Board Seats



14





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 2,630 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




SNL Energy Finance Daily
May 3, 2017





                        Ameren shareholders defeat proposals for additional environment reports                    





RelSci
February 16, 2016





                        Stephen R. Wilson donated $2,700 to Robert James Dold on November 19, 2015 according to recent disclosures                    





Crain's Chicago Business
December 14, 2015





                        Their tab for dinner in Evanston: $2 million                     





RelSci
September 9, 2015





                        Stephen R. Wilson is now serving in a new board position at Keytrade AG                    





SNL Financial
November 3, 2014





                        GATX adds board member                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




W. Anthony Will

President at CF Industries, Inc.




Dennis P. Kelleher

Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at CF Industries Holdings, Inc.





Douglas C. Barnard

Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at CF Industries Holdings, Inc.




Richard A. Hoker

Vice President & Corporate Controller at CF Industries, Inc.





Michael L. Bennett

Director & President at Terra Mississippi Nitrogen, Inc.




Melih Z. Keyman

President & Chief Executive Officer at Keytrade AG





Francis G. Meyer

Vice President at Terra Mississippi Nitrogen, Inc.




Jafar Mohammed Hafeth Salem

Director at The International Plant Nutrition Institute





Charles V. Magro

President & Chief Executive Officer at Agrium, Inc.




Daniel D. Greenwell

President & Chief Executive Officer at LSB Industries, Inc.







See 2,620 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2,620 More 


 


 Paths to Stephen R. Wilson



            Stephen R. Wilson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stephen R. Wilson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stephen R. Wilson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 
Class of 1974 


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

                  The Kellogg School of Management (The Kellogg School or Kellogg) is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida. Kellogg offers full-time, part-time, and executive programs, and partners with schools in China, France/Singapore, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, Canada, and Thailand.Founded in 1908 in downtown Chicago as a part-time evening program, the school was chartered to educate business leaders with "good moral character.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


Business Roundtable

                  The Business Roundtable advocates public policies that ensure economic growth. It considers public policy issues which contains groups like the construction users anti-inflation roundtable, a group devoted to containing construction costs; and the labor law study committee, made up of labor relations executives of major companies. The Business Roundtable was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                




Member

                  Current                


The Economic Club of Chicago

                  The Economic Club of Chicago was organized in 1927 "to aid in the creation and expression of an enlightened public opinion on the important economic and social questions of the day.” Equally important, through its membership policies, the Club works to identify upcoming young leaders to insure a continuum of knowledge and traditions within Chicago’s civic and business community as the torch of leadership passes from one generation to the next.                




Member

                  Current                


The Bretton Woods Committee

                  The Bretton Woods Committee is the nonpartisan network of prominent global citizens, which works to demonstrate the value of international economic cooperation and to foster strong, effective Bretton Woods institutions as forces for global well-being.

The Committee was created in 1983 at the suggestion of two former Treasury officials - Secretary Henry Fowler and Deputy Secretary Charls Walker, a Democrat and a Republican - who saw the need for an organized effort to ensure that leading citizens spoke about the importance of the international financial institutions (IFIs).

Committee members are leaders at the top of the business, finance, academic, and non-profit sectors, including many industry CEOs, as well as former presidents, cabinet-level officials, and lawmakers who share the belief that international economic cooperation is essential and best served through strong and effective IFIs. Through the Committee, they champion global efforts to spur economic growth, alleviate poverty, and improve financial stability.

The Committee organizes frequent conferences, seminars, and educational activities. Many of these events are designed to reach a broad public audience, while others offer members the opportunity to provide important advice, support, and constructive criticism to the management of the IFIs. Working closely with successive U.S. administrations, the Committee also reminds elected leaders that global economic prosperity and lasting national security are closely tied to continued progress on multilateral issues.

The Committee relies solely on the funding of its members and does not accept funds from governments or the multilateral institutions.                




Member

                  Current                


The Florida Council of 100

                  The Florida Council of 100 is a private, nonprofit, nonpartisan organization of business leaders, which exists to promote the economic growth of Florida and improve the economic well-being and quality of life of its citizenry.  Representing more than 100 companies with over 600,000 employees, Council members have achieved a high degree of success and recognition in their business or profession; have demonstrated involvement in Florida public policy issues; and possess the personal qualities of character, personality, and leadership ability.

The Council works closely with the Governor and the state agencies, the Legislature, the judicial branch, and other private organizations, to effect positive change in the state and achieve quality of life improvements for the citizens of Florida.  Through our reports, position statements, policy letters, issue advocacy, and public relations, we keep state leaders and policy makers apprised of key topics relevant to today’s Florida and make recommendations for enhancing state policies and programs in ways beneficial to all Floridians.

Helping us fulfill this mission are high-level civic leaders from around the state who assist the Council in an ex officio capacity.  They include executive branch agency officials, the Chairman of the State Board of Education, the Commissioner of Education, presidents of public and private state colleges and universities, school district superintendents, the President of Enterprise Florida, Inc., and senior active duty military officers.

The groundwork for these efforts was laid in 1961 when the Council, the first of its kind in the United States, was formed at the request of Governor Farris Bryant to provide advice to him on key Florida issues from a business perspective.  To the right, you may watch Governor Bryant explain his vision for the Council.

As business leaders, the members of the Council feel responsibility and have the determination, to improve Florida.  The Council mission statement, adopted in 1998, sums up the goals of the members.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


CF Industries Sales LLC






President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Prior - 2014                


CF Industries Holdings, Inc.


                  CF Industries Holdings, Inc. engages in the manufacture and distribution of nitrogen fertilizer. It owns and operates nitrogen plants and serves agricultural and industrial customers through its distribution system. It operates through following segments: Ammonia, Granular Urea, UAN, AN, and Other. The Ammonia segment produces anhydrous ammonia, which is company's most concentrated nitrogen fertilizer product as it contains 82% nitrogen. The Granular Urea segment produces granular urea, which contains 46% nitrogen. The UAN segment produces urea ammonium nitrate solution, which is a liquid fertilizer product with a nitrogen content from 28% to 32%, is produced by combining urea and ammonium nitrate. The AN segment produces ammonium nitrate, which is a nitrogen-based product with a nitrogen content between 29% and 35%. The Other segment includes diesel exhaust fluid, nitric acid, urea liquor and aqua ammonia. The company was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Deerfield, IL.                




Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2010 - 2014                


Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc.


                  Part of CF Industries Holdings, Inc., Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc. is an American company located in Sioux City, IA, that manufactures nitrogenous fertilizers. W. Anthony Will has been the CEO since 2010.                




Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer

                                    2007 - Prior                


Corporate Acquirers, Inc.


                  Corporate Acquirers, Inc. operates as a blank check company. It acquires an operating business through a stock exchange, asset acquisition, or other similar business combination. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered New York, NY.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1991 - 2014                


Terra Nitrogen Co. LP


                  Terra Nitrogen Co. LP engages in the production of nitrogen fertilizer products. Its products include anhydrous ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate solutions. The company was founded on September 20, 1991 and is headquartered in Deerfield, IL.                




Professional

                                    1974 - 1991                


Inland Steel Industries, Inc.






Vice President of Finance & Information Systems

                                    Prior                


Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc.






Professional

                                    Prior                


United States Army


                  The United States Army (USA) is the main branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for land-based military operations. It is the largest and oldest established branch of the U.S. military, and is one of seven U.S. uniformed services.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2014 - Current                  


GATX Corp.

                    GATX Corporation
Our Company consists of Rail, American Steamship Company ("ASC") and Portfolio Management, which serves targeted markets in the global transportation industry.

 

Rail
We are a leader in railcar leasing, serving North America and Europe with 164,000 railcars. GATX Locomotive Group, operates one of the largest lease fleets of locomotives in North America, buying, selling, servicing and leasing four- and six-axle locomotives to railroads and industrial users. We also provide a unique mix of financial and mechanical services.

 

American Steamship Company
Our state-of-the art fleet of eighteen self-unloading vessels transport dry-bulk commodities on the Great Lakes. ASC, which became a part of GATX in 1973, has been moving vital cargo across the Great Lakes for over a century.

 

Portfolio Management
Portfolio Management focuses on maximizing the value of its existing portfolio of wholly-owned and managed assets, which includes identifying opportunities to remarket certain assets. Portfolio Management also seeks to maximize value from its joint ventures and to selectively invest in domestic marine and container-related assets. Specific expertise includes, but is not limited to, marine equipment, container-related assets, gas compression and power generation equipment                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2009 - Current                  


Ameren Corp.

                    Ameren Corporation (NYSE: AEE) is a Fortune 500 company with assets of $23 billion. It is the parent company of Ameren Illinois, based in Collinsville, Ill., and Ameren Missouri in St. Louis, Mo. View our businesses.

Ameren was created by the merger of CIPSCO Incorporated and Union Electric Company. The name comes from combining the words American and Energy.

Employing more than 9,000 personnel, Ameren companies serve 2.4 million electric customers and more than 900,000 natural gas customers across 64,000 square miles in Illinois and Missouri.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Keytrade AG

                    KEYTRADE AG is a private company headquartered in Thalwil, Switzerland. The firm supplies and trades fertilizer products.                  




Chairman

                    2010 - 2014                  


Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc.

                    Part of CF Industries Holdings, Inc., Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc. is an American company located in Sioux City, IA, that manufactures nitrogenous fertilizers. W. Anthony Will has been the CEO since 2010.                  




Vice Chairman

                    2007 - Prior                  


Corporate Acquirers, Inc.

                    Corporate Acquirers, Inc. operates as a blank check company. It acquires an operating business through a stock exchange, asset acquisition, or other similar business combination. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered New York, NY.                  




Non-Executive Chairman

                    2005 - 2014                  


CF Industries Holdings, Inc.

                    CF Industries Holdings, Inc. engages in the manufacture and distribution of nitrogen fertilizer. It owns and operates nitrogen plants and serves agricultural and industrial customers through its distribution system. It operates through following segments: Ammonia, Granular Urea, UAN, AN, and Other. The Ammonia segment produces anhydrous ammonia, which is company's most concentrated nitrogen fertilizer product as it contains 82% nitrogen. The Granular Urea segment produces granular urea, which contains 46% nitrogen. The UAN segment produces urea ammonium nitrate solution, which is a liquid fertilizer product with a nitrogen content from 28% to 32%, is produced by combining urea and ammonium nitrate. The AN segment produces ammonium nitrate, which is a nitrogen-based product with a nitrogen content between 29% and 35%. The Other segment includes diesel exhaust fluid, nitric acid, urea liquor and aqua ammonia. The company was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Deerfield, IL.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2005 - Prior                  


Terra Nitrogen Co. LP

                    Terra Nitrogen Co. LP engages in the production of nitrogen fertilizer products. Its products include anhydrous ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate solutions. The company was founded on September 20, 1991 and is headquartered in Deerfield, IL.                  




Chairman, Audit Committee

                    Prior                  


Newport News Shipbuilding, Inc.

                    Newport News Shipbuilding, Inc. designs, constructs, repairs, overhauls, and refuels nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and submarines. Its facilities include seven graving docks, a floating dry dock, two outfitting berths, five outfitting piers, a module outfitting facility and various other shops .The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Newport News, VA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Vice Chairman

                    Current                  


The International Plant Nutrition Institute






Member, Board of Trustees

                    Current                  


Northwestern University

                    Northwestern University is a private institution founded in 1851 to serve the Northwest Territory, an area that now includes the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota.

In 1853, the founders purchased a 379-acre tract of land on the shore of Lake Michigan 12 miles north of Chicago. They established a campus and developed the land near it, naming the surrounding town Evanston in honor of one of the University's founders, John Evans. After completing its first building in 1855, Northwestern began classes that fall with two faculty members and 10 students.

Sixteen presidents have presided over Northwestern in the years since. The University has grown to include 12 schools and colleges, with additional campuses in Chicago and Education City in Qatar.
See highlights in Northwestern’s history:

1850
On May 31 John Evans, Grant Goodrich, Henry W. Clark, Andrew Brown, Orrington Lunt, Jabez Botsford, Richard Haney, Richard H. Blanchard, and Zadoc Hall meet above a hardware store at 69 West Lake Street in Chicago and resolve to establish a university under the patronage of the Methodist Episcopal Church.

1851
On January 28, the Illinois legislature approves Northwestern's Act of Incorporation, granting 36 trustees the power to administer the University's business affairs, organize faculty, adopt by-laws, and grant degrees.

1853
Clark T. Hinman becomes University's first president on June 23.
The University purchases 379 acres on Lake Michigan for $25,000.

1855
The University officially opens on November 5.
Northwestern's first building, Old College, is completed.
An amendment to University charter forbids the sale of liquor within four miles of campus.

1856
Randolph Foster becomes the University president.

1859
Five students receive bachelor's degrees at Northwestern's first commencement.

1860
Henry Noyes becomes the University president.
Student Edward Spencer rescues 17 survivors of the Lady Elgin, which sank in Lake Michigan.

1869
Erastus Haven becomes the University president.  
Trustees vote to admit young women to University classes "under the same terms and conditions as young men." Evanston resident Rebecca Hoag becomes first female to enroll at Northwestern.

1870
Chicago Medical College enters into an agreement with Northwestern University to serve as the University's Department of Medicine. 
New medical school building opens at Twenty-sixth and Prairie Avenue, adjacent to Mercy Hospital.
Women's Hospital Medical College opens.

1872
Dr. Charles Fowler becomes the University president.
1874
Sarah Rebecca Roland is first woman to receive a degree from Northwestern.
1882
The first football game is played against Lake Forest College.
1890
Henry Wade Rogers becomes University president.
1891
The School of Law opens.
1896
Northwestern's first PhDs are awarded; one is in chemistry, and one is in philosophy.
1902
The Rock, originally a drinking fountain, is given as a gift of the class of 1902.
1903
President Theodore Roosevelt visits campus.
Northwestern wins the first of seven Big Ten football championships.
1908
The School of Commerce opens. 1909 The College of Engineering opens.
1912
Kenneth Huszagh is the first Northwestern athlete to participate in the Olympics.
"Go U Northwestern," written by Northwestern University marching band member Theodore Van Etten, premieres in the season's final football game.
1917
Northwestern Medical Corps formed. Northwestern men and women serve in various capacities in World War I: 250 students sign up for active service; 800 women mobilized in National Aid and Red Cross work; a total of 3,606 went to war, and 65 died.
1920
Walter Dill Scott becomes the first non-Methodist University president.
1921
Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications is established.
1924
Wildcats becomes the name for Northwestern's athletics teams.
1929
The first Waa-Mu show is performed.
1932
A merger of Northwestern and University of Chicago is proposed and dismissed.
1933
University College is created.
1939
Franklyn Snyder becomes the University President.
The first-ever NCAA Men's Basketball Championship is held at Northwestern in Patten Gymnasium.
1948
WNUR begins broadcasting.
Professor Melville Herskovits establishes the Program of African Studies.
1949
J. Roscoe Miller is named the University president.
Northwestern's first computer is installed on campus in an unused room of the Dearborn Observatory.
Northwestern defeats California 20-14 in the Rose Bowl. 
1957
Daily Northwestern staffers first paint the Rock.
1970
From May 6 to 13, campus is shut down in protest of Kent State shootings; this is the longest the school has ever been closed.
1975
The first Dance Marathon is held.
1979
Women's Basketball wins its first of two consecutive Big Ten titles.
1985
Arnold Weber becomes the University President.
1995
Henry Bienen becomes the University President.
1998
Professor John Pople is awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
2005
The women's lacrosse team wins its first of seven NCAA titles in eight years.
2006
U.S. Senator Barack Obama gives the commencement address.
2007
Northwestern begins offering journalism and communication degrees at its new branch campus in Qatar.
2008
Morton O. Schapiro becomes the University President.
2010
Professor Dale Mortensen is awarded the Nobel Prize for Economics.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Nutrients for Life Foundation






Vice President, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Chicago Foundation for Education

                    To improve & enhance educational experiences provided in Chicago's public elementary schools.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


National Association of Manufacturers

                    The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) is the largest manufacturing association in the United States, representing small and large manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states. Manufacturing employs nearly 12 million men and women, contributes more than $1.8 trillion to the U.S. economy annually, has the largest economic impact of any major sector and accounts for two-thirds of private-sector research and development. The NAM is the powerful voice of the manufacturing community and the leading advocate for a policy agenda that helps manufacturers compete in the global economy and create jobs across the United States.                  




Vice Chairman

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


The Fertilizer Institute

                    THE ORGANIZATION'S MISSION IS TO REPRESENT, PROMOTE AND PROTECT THE FERTILIZER INDUSTRY THROUGH THE FOLLOWING STRATEGIC INITIATIVES: 1) TO FOSTER A PROSPEROUS FERTILIZER INDUSTRY THROUGH LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY ACTIVITIES AT THE FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL LEVEL; 2) TO EFFECTIVELY ADDRESS ISSUES IMPACTING MEMBER COMPANIES; AND 3) TO SHARE KNOWLEDGE ABOUT THE FERTILIZER INDUSTRY WITH MEMBERS, GOVERNMENT AND THE AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIES ON ISSUES RELATED TO FERTILIZER AND THE FARM ECONOMY.                  





 Political Donations



$2,700

                  2015                


Robert James Dold


                  Former Representative from Illinois's 10th Congressional District                




$2,600

                  2013                


Robert James Dold


                  Former Representative from Illinois's 10th Congressional District                




$2,500

                  2012                


Mitt Romney







$5,000

                  2012                


The Republican National Committee, Inc.


                  The Republican National Committee (RNC) is a U.S. political committee that provides national leadership for the Republican Party of the United States. It is responsible for developing and promoting the Republican political platform, as well as coordinating fundraising and election strategy. It is also responsible for organizing and running the Republican National Convention. Similar committees exist in every U.S. state and most U.S. counties, although in some states party organization is structured by congressional district, allied campaign organizations being governed by a national committee. Reince Priebus is the current RNC Chairman.                




$2,500

                  2012                


Robert James Dold


                  Former Representative from Illinois's 10th Congressional District                






See 13 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 13 More 






 Awards & Honors




                  Rank #160 

                  2013
                


Chief Executive Magazine - Wealth Creators

                                    Sponsored by
                  Chief Executive Magazine, Inc.






                  Rank #31 

                  2012
                


Chief Executive Magazine - Wealth Creators

                                    Sponsored by
                  Chief Executive Magazine, Inc.






 Other Affiliations




              Stephen R. Wilson is affiliated with
                            CF Industries Sales LLC, CF Industries Holdings, Inc., Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc., Corporate Acquirers, Inc., Terra Nitrogen Co. LP, Inland Steel Industries, Inc., Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc., United States Army, GATX Corp., Ameren Corp., Keytrade AG, Terra Nitrogen GP, Inc., Corporate Acquirers, Inc., CF Industries Holdings, Inc., Terra Nitrogen Co. LP, Newport News Shipbuilding, Inc., The International Plant Nutrition Institute, Northwestern University, Nutrients for Life Foundation, Chicago Foundation for Education, National Association of Manufacturers, The Fertilizer Institute.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Amazon.com: Rev. Stephen R. Wilson: Books, Biography, Blog, Audiobooks, Kindle





Amazon.com: Books





 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks













































































Rev. Stephen R. Wilson













                    
                    I became interested in writing and pastoring as a young teen. That passion continues today.I graduated college with a degree in Business Administration, and seminary with a Master's of Divinity degree, though I don't know how anyone could ever master the divine.My wife, Mindy, has stuck with me since 2003, and we live in her hometown of Beavercreek, Ohio.I have been blessed to write and publish a growing list of books on ministry, theology, and fiction, and I can only hope that my readers enjoy my offerings as much as I enjoyed writing them.
                

See more








    Customers Also Bought Items By
  





                Mark J Musser
              





                Diana Baker
              







                David J. Claassen
              





                Susan Rohrer
              







                Lois Keffer
              





                Rev. J Martin
              







                Greatest Adven...
              





                St. Ignatius o...
              







                Carol Mader
              





                Fiona Wesley
              







                Patricia Meyers
              





                John Richard P...
              







                Christopher Ro...
              





                Speedy Publish...
              







                Randy A. Brown
              





                Speedy Publishing
              








Are You an Author?
  Help us improve our Author Pages by updating your bibliography and submitting a new or current image and biography.

  
›
Learn more at Author Central















            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    









            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    









            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    









            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    









            $0.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    









            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    











            $0.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    









            $4.99

        


        Paperback
    









            $0.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    











            $0.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    







            Author Updates
        










Blog post




 An Open City - Devotion on Genesis 11


In Genesis 11, the people living on the plain of Shinar built their city as a way to defend themselves against being scattered by future enemies. But what if instead of defending against possible enemies, they had built their city to welcome potential enemies?

What if they had invited everyone in instead of trying to keep people out? What if instead of wanting to be known for their tower, they had set their sights on being known as a safe haven and a welcoming home to anyone who nee




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Witnessing for Christian "Hypocrites"


"We're all hypocrites!" That's what you can say to someone who doesn't want to talk about God, the church, or Christianity based on their bad impressions of believers.

Even if you were the one to make that bad impression, simply admit it. And then try to show them that no one lives up to what they believe.

No one lives up to what they believe. Christians and non-Christians alike. For instance, most people believe in being fair, but people are often selfish and




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 4 Keys for a Successful College or Youth Small Group


This is a guest post from Elizabeth Hobbs, a missionary kid who grew up in Poland with parents who were reaching out to European college students. These day's she's heavily involved with her local Chi Alpha campus ministry on the University of Wyoming, and applying the lessons she's learned from college ministry to all student ministry.

Not every small group will flourish. Not every Bible study will produce the results sought after. With that in mind, I have provided four focuses t




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 College and Youth Ministry Small Group Models


This is a guest post from Elizabeth Hobbs, a missionary kid who grew up in Poland with parents who were reaching out to European college students. These day's she's heavily involved with her local Chi Alpha campus ministry on the University of Wyoming, and applying the lessons she's learned from college ministry to all student ministry.

One of the beautiful things about small groups is that there's not a right or a wrong way to do them. If you can imagine a way to get a group of pe




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Why Your Church Youth Ministry Needs Small Groups


This is a guest post from Elizabeth Hobbs, a missionary kid who grew up in Poland with parents who were reaching out to European college students. These day's she's heavily involved with her local Chi Alpha campus ministry on the University of Wyoming, and applying the lessons she's learned from college ministry to youth ministry. 
Other than Christ himself, the greatest consistency among successful youth ministries is a prevalence of small groups. They come in all shapes, sizes, and na




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Why Your Church College Ministry Needs Small Groups


This is a guest post from Elizabeth Hobbs, a missionary kid who grew up in Poland with parents who were reaching out towards European college students. These day's she's heavily involved with her local Chi Alpha campus ministry on the University of Wyoming.

Other than Christ himself, the greatest consistency among successful college ministries is a prevalence of small groups. They come in all shapes, sizes, and names – cell groups, small groups, study groups, Bible studies, core gr




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 "Otherwise, We Will be Scattered" - Devotion on Genesis 11


The people living in the plain of Shinar in Genesis 11 were a wise people. They were looking to and planning for the future. They knew that they would one day have enemies, so to protect themselves, they built a city with a huge tower in it. This tower would provide a look-out for approaching forces, and intimidation against those forces.

No one would attack such an impressive city. By building this wonder, they would ensure their safety.

How do you ensure your safety?





2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 "So that We May Make a Name for Ourselves" - Devotion on Genesis 11


What are you living for? What is your dream? Does it involve you becoming well-known or famous for some skill that you have? Do you want to be respected for your accomplishments?

The people living in the plain of Shinar in Genesis 11 wanted to be famous and respected. They built a city with a tall tower in order to make a name for themselves. They were prideful and were working to gain the admiration of others.

But God didn't see that as a worthy life goal. He had somet




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Nimrod, Mighty Hunter before the Lord - Devotion on Genesis 10


In Genesis 10:8-12, we read that Nimrod was a mighty hunter who accomplished the building of an empire. He was called "mighty before the Lord" for his skill and accomplishments.

For what do you want to be known as being "mighty before the Lord"? What skills has He given you? What situation has He placed you in? What can you accomplish in life to be known as "mighty before the Lord"?

If you use the talents God has given you to the best of yo




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Vacation Bible School Online Lessons and Strategies


Use these Sunday school lessons, tactics, and strategies to help prepare for or make a current Vacation Bible School even more effective! God bless!  
Vacation Bible School Online Lessons and Strategies Free VBS Material: The Fruit of the Spirit – Galatians 5:16-26 – Tara Tegard shares a full VBS curriculum. Use it for vacation Bible school, or break it down into individual lessons for Sundays. Bible Boot Camp Free VBS Curriculum – Use this complete VBS curriculum by Tar




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Noah's Notorious Hissy Fit - Devotion on Genesis 9


How do you react when someone catches you making a mistake? Do you get defensive? Do you get embarrassed? Do you lash out at them? Or do you humbly admit your fault and move on?

Noah worked patiently on the ark for years, but quickly lost his patience when his youngest son, Ham, made fun of him to his brothers as Noah lay naked in a drunken stupor. In fact, Noah becomes so angry with Ham that he curses Ham's descendants (Canaan was Ham's oldest son) to be slaves to the rest of the f




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 "I Will Remember" - Devotion on Genesis 9


I have a horrible memory. I can barely remember what happened two weeks ago. I read a book and immediately forget the details. I go on a vacation and almost immediately forget the places I visited. I make a new decision in my spiritual life and...well, the pattern continues.

Maybe you're like that too. It's not that you don't mean to follow through; it's just that you forget. It slips your mind.

Until God reminds you of it again.

Luckily, God understands ne




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Nursery Tips, Tricks, and Advice for Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies to help prepare for or make a current nursery even more effective! God bless!  
Nursery Tips, Tricks, and Advice New Moms: What Scares Them About Your Church Nursery? - These 5 things are common issues Jenny Funderburke has heard mothers fret about. Creating a Peaceful Nursery at Church – Mimi Bullock shares 7 ideas for making your church nursery the best it can be.  Greeting Visitors and Making




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 What's Wrong with Ham? - Devotion on Genesis 9


Seriously, drunk people are funny. They do silly things. And it wasn't like Ham was the one getting drunk - it was his old man - so why is Ham the one getting the bad rap here?

Let's answer that question with a question. Has anyone ever taken advantage of you when you were in need? Maybe you were vulnerable and someone saw your moment of weakness as an opportunity to get something for themselves, rather than giving you support.

Has anyone ever spread word of your mistak




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Like Adopted Father, Like Adopted Son - Devotion on Matthew 1


One of my favorite verses in Scripture in Matthew 1:19. Joseph has just found out that Mary, his fiance, is pregnant. Not believing her story of "No, really, Joseph, God miraculously made me pregnant," he can only feel betrayed, hurt, disappointed, and angry.

But he's also merciful. He doesn't want to call her out to public disgrace or punishment. He has every right to do so, both legally and morally, but he knows that if he makes a scene about breaking off the engagement,




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Sermon Ideas for Matthew 1


- Who? - As you read through the genealogy of Jesus in Matthew 1:1-17 (and yes, you should read it), what names do you recognize?

There are people whom we remember fondly from the Old Testament as being strong in the faith - Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Ruth and Boaz, King David, and King Josiah.

Then there are people who are a little more infamous - Tamar (who tricked her father-in-law into impregnating her by pretending to be a prostitute), Rahab the prostitute (who actuall




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 Who? - Devotion on Matthew 1


As you read through the genealogy of Jesus in Matthew 1:1-17 (and yes, you should read it), what names do you recognize?

There are people whom we remember fondly from the Old Testament as being strong in the faith - Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Ruth and Boaz, King David, and King Josiah.

Then there are people who are a little more infamous - Tamar (who tricked her father-in-law into impregnating her by pretending to be a prostitute), Rahab the prostitute (who actually was a p




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Teacher Acquisition and Appreciation Tips for Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies to help recruit and promote ministry volunteers! God bless! 
Teacher Appreciation and Acquisition Ideas Surprising Things that Turn off Ministry Volunteers - Mimi Bullock shares 4 things that tend to rub volunteers the wrong way.  7 Things That Drive Ministry Volunteers Crazy - Remember to keep these 7 things that Mimi Bullock brings up, and you're sure to have volunteers that respect




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Teacher Training Tips for Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies to help train helpers and teachers! God bless! 
Teacher Training Tips Instant Training - These 9 ideas from Bob D'Ambrosio can help you cut down on the time you spend training your volunteers. Teacher Training: Choosing the Best Time - Use these tips from Children's Ministry Magazine to help get your teachers to come in for meetings. Training Events No Volunteer Can Resist - These 4 i




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Articles to Equip a Children's Minister


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies to better you as a leader and to help inspire / guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Equipping the Children's Pastor Children's Pastor Job Description – Jenny Funderburke shares a sample list of expectation you can share when looking to hire a new children's pastor. 10 Teaching Tips for Establishing a New Children's Ministry - Mimi Bullock breaks down the 10 most important things to




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Preteen and Transitioning Kids from Church to Youth Group Resources


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies on preteens and that period of transition to help inspire and guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Preteens and Transitioning from Kids Church to Youth GroupNote – These lessons and activities can be used with children as well as preteens, but because of the intensified challenges presented by middle school and the transition from kid's church to youth ministry, we've included this sect




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Discipline Tips for Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies for discipline to help inspire and guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Discipline Tips How Birth Order Affects Classroom Behavior - There's always a reason for troublesome behavior. Barbara Beach compiled a list of characteristics to help keep you aware and help you manage children more effectively. Excuse Me - Carmen Kamrath breaks down the reasons why children are disrespectful




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Safety Tips for Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies for a safe classroom to help inspire and guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Safety Tips  Check 'Em In and Out - This article by David Posthuma can help you figure out the best way to incorporate a check-in system for your children's ministry. Safety First - It might seem like a hassle to do a background check on all of your volunteers, but this article by Bob D'Ambrosio breaks down




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Tips for Parental and Family Engagement in Sunday School


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies for managing families to help inspire and guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Christian Parenting and Family Engagement Making Un-Churched Children and Families Feel Welcome – Terry Delaney discusses different ways to make children and families feel wanted and accepted in your services. How to Partner With Parents in Kids' Ministry – Follow these 5 steps from Mimi Bullock to walk a




2 years ago

Read more








Blog post




 The Best Sunday School Worship and Prayer Tips


Use these Sunday school lesson tips, tactics, and strategies on worship and prayer to help inspire and guide your lesson planning! God bless! 
Worship and Prayer Tips The Importance of Worship Music for Kids – Wayne Stocks shares why worship is important and why it is imperative to have good worship for children. Helping Kids Worship: Entering The Worship Zone - Mimi Bullock offers 4 suggestions for helping children worship God in a true and mean




2 years ago

Read more







Books by Rev. Stephen R. Wilson
Showing 1 - 12 of all Results Books : Advanced Search



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews



All FormatsKindle EditionPaperback
The Lord's Top Ten: Children Sunday School Lessons on the Ten CommandmentsJan 9, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
4 out of 5 stars
5Children Sunday School Lessons: The Parables and Teachings of Jesus: Volume 2Jan 21, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.95(4 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Mass Market Paperback
3 out of 5 stars
1Children Sunday School Lessons: The Parables and Teachings of Jesus: Volume 1Jan 19, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Mass Market Paperback
3.5 out of 5 stars
4Paul: The Odd Apostle - Children Sunday School Lessons on the Apostle PaulJan 24, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyLast Days: A Biblical Guide to the End TimesDec 3, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyPaperback
$
6
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn StockMore Buying Choices$6.99(4 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
3Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeJesus Teaches on the Mountain: Sermon on the Mount Children Sunday School LessonsJan 19, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
3 out of 5 stars
1Samuel the PROphet: Youth Bible Studies on 1 Samuel - Perfect for Youth Sunday School LessonsNov 23, 2012by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyBorrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeHe Came, He Saw, He Conquered! Children Sunday School Lesson on the Death and Resurrection of JesusJan 22, 2013by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyChildren Sunday School Lessons: The Miracles of JesusMar 9, 2012by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyPaperback
$
4
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn Stock
4.5 out of 5 stars
2Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeChurch History in Modern Language! The Letters of Clement Paraphrased into Contemporary EnglishFeb 17, 2012by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
5 out of 5 stars
1Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeReyes y Profetas: Los Niños del Domingo Lecciones Escolares sobre los Grandes Líderes y No Grandes de Israel (Spanish Edition)Apr 8, 2012by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyBorrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeKing David, the Mighty Runt: Youth Bible Studies on David's Road to the Throne - Perfect for Youth Sunday School LessonsNov 23, 2012by Rev. Stephen R. WilsonKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
0
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyBorrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon Prime

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
13
 
Next Page













See search results for author  "Rev. Stephen R. Wilson"  in Books









  More Information 

›   Are you an author? Visit Author Central to change your photo, edit your biography, and more
        
›   See Author Pages Frequently Asked Questions

›   Anything else? Provide feedback about this page
    






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.














There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates










STEPHEN R WILSON - FREWSBURG, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



FREWSBURG



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            STEPHEN R WILSON
                                    



 





















S 


STEPHEN R WILSON
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



447 DODGE RD FREWSBURG, NY 14738
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $80,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts STEPHEN R WILSON







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Stephen R Wilson has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Frewsburg. Stephen R Wilson has estimated annual revenues of $80,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














   Stephen Wilson | PepsiCo , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	English Legal System: Wilson, Stephen R.: Trade Paperback: 9780198747949: Powell's Books
































































 




Cart |




 



	|  my account  |  wish list  |  help   |  800-878-7323




 


Hello,
        

        |
        Login




 













All Books
New
Used






advanced















MENU


Browse
New Arrivals
Bestsellers
Award Winners
Signed Preorders
Signed Editions
Digital Audio Books
Daily Dose
Newsletters
See All Subjects


Used
Staff Picks
Staff Picks
Best Books of 2017 So Far
Staff Top Fives 2016
Picks of the Month
Boox
Indiespensable
25 Global Books to Read Before You Die
25 Women to Read Before You Die
25 Books to Read Before You Die


Gifts + Gift Cards
Gift Cards & eGift Cards
Powell's Souvenirs
Journals & Notebooks
Games
Socks


Sell Books
Sell Books Online
Sell Books in Our Stores


Blog
Events
Find A Store







 
 

















Don't Miss


Vacation Education Sale
Poets of Instagram
Summer Reading B2G1 Free
Best Books of 2017 So Far
BOOX, Volume 3
Indiespensable, Vol. 68: 
    Claire Messud
Powell's Souvenirs
Libro.fm Audiobooks
Powell's Picks of the Month







Visit Our Stores
 











Interviews | July 21, 2017
    



Powell's Interview: Claire Messud, Author of 'The Burning Girl'


0 comment
        By 
        Jill Owens






        Claire Messud's new novel, The Burning Girl, feels somehow different from anything she's done before...
 
Read More» 












			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
















 
 







 English Legal System 
  by Stephen R. Wilson



   



  Comment on this title and you could win!  

 ISBN13: 9780198747949 
ISBN10: 0198747942 
 
 

All Product Details 





View Larger ImageView Larger Images




$53.32


New  Trade Paperback





Ships in 1 to 3 days













QtyStore1International Warehouse



















                        What Our Readers Are Saying
                    

Be the first to share your thoughts on this title!










































Product DetailsISBN:9780198747949Binding:Trade PaperbackPublication date:06/21/2016Publisher:Oxford University Press, USALanguage:EnglishHeight:1.10INWidth:7.40INLCCN:2015959821Author:Stephen R. Wilson






    

 $53.32 
 List Price:$53.32 
 New  Trade Paperback 

 Ships in 1 to 3 days 
    
 
QtyStore1International Warehouse








Receive an email when this ISBN is available used.




More copies of this ISBNNew,  Trade Paperback,  $73.33































			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##




















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





















 



 




























 






Help
Guarantee
My Account
Careers

About Us
    
Security
Wish List
Partners
Contact Us
Shipping
Newsletters
Sitemap
© 2017 POWELLS.COM  Terms
800-878-7323

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##







































#299 Stephen R Wilson - Forbes.com


















Home
Business
Tech
Markets
Entrepreneurs
Leadership
Personal Finance
ForbesLife
Lists
Opinions
Video
Blogs
E-mail Newsletters
Portfolio Tracker
Special Reports
Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Logistics
Manufacturing
Media
Services
Technology
Wall Street
Washington
CIO Network
Enterprise Tech
Infoimaging
Internet Infrastructure
Internet
Personal Tech
Sciences
Security
Wireless
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities
Options
Finance
Human Resources
Law & Taxation
Sales & Marketing
Management
Technology
Careers
Compensation
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Managing
Innovation
CEO Network
Reference
ETFs
Guru Insights
Investing Ideas
Investor Education
Mutual Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement & College
Taxes & Estates
Collecting
Health
Real Estate
Sports
Style
Travel
Vehicles
Wine & Food
100 Top Celebrities
400 Richest Americans
Largest Private Cos
World's Richest People
All Forbes Lists
Business Opinions
Investing
Technology Opinions
Washington & The World
Companies
People
Reference
Technology
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
People
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
Events
People
Reference































CEO Compensation
#299 Stephen R Wilson

04.04.12, 12:00 PM EDT










 Michael D White


 Francis S Blake







Total Compensation
$5.705 mil
5-Year Compensation
$49.07 mil
Education:
College: Northwestern University BA '70
Graduate School: Northwestern University MBA '74




Stephen R Wilson** has been CEO of CF Industries Holdings
	(CF) for 9 years.
	Mr. Wilson has been with the company for 21 years.
	The 63 year old executive ranks 11 within Chemicals


Performance Vs. Pay


Stephen R WilsonCF Industries Holdings


Rank8 / 2066-Year Annual Total Return49%


6-Year Average Compensation$8.66 mil6-Year Return Relative To Industry131


6-Year Return Relative To Market144


Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.




Stephen R Wilson's Compensation vs. Chemicals Medians


Salary$0.93 mil$1.15 mil


Bonus$1.38 mil$2.25 mil


Other$1.34 mil$2.47 mil


Stock Gains$2.06 mil$0.00 mil


Total Compensation$5.705 mil$8.72 mil





Stephen R Wilson Ownership Of CF Industries Holdings


Industry Medians


Stock Owned (% Of Co)0.21%0.11%


Stock Owned$25.4 mil$0.01 mil


CF Industries Holdings's Stock Performance


Total Return During Tenure44%*


Relative to Market139




CF Industries Holdings

(CF: quote,
				news)
				
Four Parkway NorthDeerfield, IL 60015Illinois


www.cfindustries.com








 Michael D White


 Francis S Blake




CEO Compensation

Complete Coverage | Complete Rankings



Methodology: 
	Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 206.

Footnotes: 
	Compensation data is from the latest available proxy statements filed through Mar. 23, 2012. Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 14, 2011 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S & P 500 (a score of 100 = the S & P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable.  
1Annualized.
	2Four-year total.
	3Three-year total.
	4Less than 0.01%.
	5Prior-year data.
	6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
	7Less than $100,000.
	8Includes shares indirectly held.
	*Return is for less than tenure.
	**Return is for less than tenure.

Sources: Company SEC filings; Interactive Data, LionShares and Thomson Reuters Fundamentals via FactSet Research Systems; Forbes.






SME Biotech Companies Are Playing A More Critical Role In R-and-D For Neglected Tropical Diseases Than Previously Thought; NTDs Affect More Than One Billion People WorldwideDeal Killers For Small Companies And Financial FirmsShould Anyone Earn a Billion A Year?How Stephens Inc. Stays Stable


Read All Comments




































Wilson Stephen R - Commerce | Electricians in Commerce TX









































Let us find electrical professionals for you.



















Select a Project
Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows




LOG IN
SIGN UP
BECOME A PRO














Home


>



Electrical


>



TX


>



Electrical Commerce


 






Follow




Is this your business? Claim your business





Wilson Stephen R

7329 State Highway 50 - Commerce TX 75428

Be the first to review this business






Commerce, TX 75428
Phone: 903-886-****903-886-866995 (click to view the number)












Electrical Photos




























About the Company

              If you are looking to retain electrical providers in Commerce, Hunt county consider Wilson Stephen R: the best fitting for electrical solutions. Wilson Stephen R is locally held and operated. Our address - 7329 State Highway 50, Commerce. Devoted to giving you immediate, high-quality assistance to all of our users, we execute neighborhood electrical assistance every day. Make sure you browse our company's internet site to discover all of the solutions that we provide. We cover the Commerce, Campbell, Cumby and Klondike vicinity, plus the 903 areacode community.Just what does Wilson Stephen R specialize in? We are experts in: domestic electrical engineering, redesigns of residential electric wiring, residential AC/DC generator remodeling and installations of home theater media center redesigns. It is not hard to find many experienced electrical companies in Commerce, making the correct decision of which pro to contract might be very hard. Typically electrical redecorating is steeply-priced, therefore why fork out a lot more than is necessary? Contact us right now at 903-886-6995 for your totally free quote! Our clients' complete  happiness is our top aim. "Wilson Stephen R receives the top grade on every occasion" is our mission.
            







License Information


Number:
ME-14067


Type:
Master Electrician


Status:
Active


Issued on:
0000-00-00




Additional Information


Services Offered:
Electrical 




Details




Are we a residential contractor?
YES


Are we a commercial contractor?
YES


Do we offer financing?
NO


Do we have emergency service?
YES


Do we accept credit cards?
NO





Find accurate prices for your electrical project in Commerce



Additional Company Information

              Wilson Stephen R - Electricians in Commerce, Texas. The company's license number is ME-14067. License held: Master Electrician.
            


Hours Please call to confirm



MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SATURDAY
SUNDAY




 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
Closed
Closed





Reviews





What is your rating of this business?






















Sign in with


















or Pick a name
















                                        Submit 
                                    




                                        I'd rather post as guest
                                    















 Be the first to review this business.










Request Free Quotes





Select a project

Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows



Type your zip code


Continue









Nearby Contractors


Capehart Billy R


Roberts Electric Inc


Brazos Building Company Inc


Mullin Shannon J


Ayers John J


Whitley Jackie L



About eHARDHAT

                eHARDHAT helps homeowners find great contractors for home improvement projects.
                To get started, browse the best Commerce Electricians, read reviews, find detailed contractor information on individual Electricians in Commerce and request free project estimates.
            


Commerce electrical costsFinding accurate service costs before planning a remodeling project is important for keeping the overall project costs down. Are you looking to install electrical wiring in Commerce soon? Find accurate Commerce electrical wiring installation costs right now.Knowing accurate remodeling costs upfront can help you negotiate more effectively with trade professionals and vendors and gauge whether their projects quotes are fair, as compared to your local market costs to install electrical wiring in Commerce.We work hard to help you make confident decisions regarding which home products and services to purchase, as well as help you identify trustworthy local Commerce electrical wiring installation contractors. Our goal is to make sure you are able to have quality work completed at a fair price and on time.



Other Contractors in Commerce, Texas
Home remodeling Commerce
Kitchen remodeling Commerce
Commerce heating
Painting contractor Commerce
Bathroom remodeling Commerce
Landscape design Commerce
Roofers Commerce
Electrical contractors Commerce
Commerce carpenter
Commerce handyman
Plumber Commerce
Air conditioning Commerce
 View other categories


Find Texas  Contractors
Electricians San Antonio
Electrical contractors Arlington
Electrician Plano
Laredo electrical contractors
Electrical contractors El Paso
Electrical contractors Fort Worth
Electricians Corpus Christi
Austin electricians
Electrician Houston
Dallas electricians






Follow us


 eHARDHAT on Google+
 eHARDHAT on Facebook
 Twitter @eHARDHAT
 LinkedIn Profile
 Homeowners Blog




View Top Contractors

Sitemap :
A ,
B ,
C ,
D ,
E ,
F ,
G ,
H ,
I ,
J ,
K ,
L ,
M ,
N ,
O ,
P ,
Q ,
R ,
S ,
T ,
U ,
V ,
W ,
X ,
Y ,
Z



Company

Home
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms
Our Contractor App
Contractor Directory
Careers
FAQ
Affiliates
Contact us



























        © 2017 eHARDHAT - All Rights Reserved.
      






            Member of the  homeyou network.
          









Help your friends find the best local contractors, like our page!




No thanks, I’m just looking.
                















