








Welcome to






Navigation:
Read
Articles | The Free Program | The Practitioner List | Read About Sauna Therapy | Books
| Search
This Site | Contact Us | 
Hair Mineral
Patterns | References
 
ALERT:
Avoid
Chicken Of The Sea brand of sardines at this time.  They are being overcooked and are not as
healthful.  The other brands of
sardines are fine.  For details,
read Sardines.
 
Welcome To The
NUTRITIONAL
BALANCING
Portal
 
 
Featured Articles
 
Development
And Children
 
Arrogance
 
Sustainable
Living - The Young PersonÕs Manual
 
­Raising Girls
 
Economics
And Nutritional Balancing
 
Rice Today Is All Poisoned With
Arsenic
 
Unknown Concepts In Nutritional Balancing
 
Remineralizing
The Body
 
The Modern
State Of Israel
 
ARTICLES
Read
All 1400 Articles
Babies & Children, Teens,
Women & Men
Healing Animals, Agriculture
High
School Curriculum
Articles
And Websites In Other Languages
 
WEBSITE TOPICS
AND LINKS




DEVELOPMENT
 
Introduction To Development
 
The Stages Of Development


 


EDUCATION/TRAINING 
 
Basic
  Help
More
  Advanced Help
Other Help
Dr.
  LizonÕs 2014 Webinar
Listen To Radio Interviews And Compact Disc Programs
Westbrook Univ. Students Course




SUPPORT
Read Many Testimonials
Contact Us
Search
  This Site
Psychological Counseling
Begin
  A Complete Program
The ÔFreeÕ Program
Join The Forum (for clients only)
Residential Retreats
Financial help


 


DIETS
1. FOOD FOR DAILY USE
2. FOOD FOR OCCASIONAL USE
3. FORBIDDEN FOOD
 
50 Reasons to Eat
  the Cooked Vegetable Diet
NO Green Smoothies
The Slow Oxidizer Diet
The Fast Oxidizer Diet
Water
  For Drinking
Raw Foods
Fish-Eating
 




LIFESTYLE
 
Lifestyle Suggestions 
Healthy Lifestyle
Survival
  Basics
Estilo De vida - Espanol
 


 


NUTRITIONAL SUPPLEMENTS
 
Why Take
  Supplements?
Supplement Tips
All
  Supplement Articles




PRODUCTS
 
Books
  And CDs
 
Where To Buy A Near Infrared Lamp Sauna
 
Colloidal
  Silver
 
Buy An Ozonator/Ionizer Air Purifier
 
 
For
  education courses, see the HELPING section above


 


THE PROCEDURES
The Pushing Down
  Exercise
Benefits Of The
  Pushing Down Exercise
 
Sauna Therapy
Single Red Lamp Therapy
Free Plans To Build A Sauna
Convert Your Sauna To A Lamp Sauna
Where To Buy A Near Infrared Lamp Sauna
 
Coffee Enemas
Vaginal Coffee Implants
Penis Coffee
  Implants
 
Foot
  Reflexology
 
The Spinal Twist
 
Kelp Wraps
Peroxide/Ozone Baths
The
  Accelerators




ADMIN

Hair Analysis
References
Hair
Analysis Professional Statements
 

 
 
HOW TO USE THIS
WEBSITE:
 




STEP 1.
 
LEARN


STEP 2.
 
BEGIN A PROGRAM
 


STEP 3. 
 
DEVELOP
and
HELP OTHERS




Read All Articles
 
Listen To Radio Interviews and Compact Disc Programs
 
 


The ÔFreeÕ Program
 
Find
  A Practitioner To Begin A Complete Nutritional Balancing Program
 


Basic
  Help
Advanced
  Help
 
Development – Why
  Now?
 
The Stages Of Development




 
 




What Are Nutritional Balancing And Development?
 
Nutritional balancing is a new system of healing developed over the past 45
  years.  It draws upon many 20th
  century scientific discoveries such as general systems theory, the stress
  theory of disease, chaos theory, and the work of William Albrecht in organic
  agriculture. 
Dr. Paul Eck of Phoenix,
  Arizona, USA, integrated many of these ideas to form the basis of nutritional
  balancing science.  Since his
  passing about 20 years ago,  we have refined and added to his concepts.
A key to nutritional balancing
  is to remineralize the body.  Also, the
  body must become warmer and more compact – a physics concept.  Also, one
  must balance the oxidation rate and the sodium/potassium ratio as they appear
  on a properly performed hair tissue mineral test.  Blood and urine tests do not work for this method.
The above combination
  drastically increases the bodyÕs adaptive energy level, which permits deep
  healing.
To renourish
  the body requires a healthful lifestyle and a diet rich in cooked vegetables,
  with no fruit or sweets. In addition, most adults
  require about 8 rather simple nutrition supplements.  Children usually only need 3 or 4
  supplements.  We also recommend
  five powerful detoxification procedures.
Symptoms go away in their own
  order.  Remedies of any kind are rarely needed.
A key to the success of this
  method is that it causes Development.  This is an unusual change in the body
  related to the growth of the Merkaba
  and a drastic improvement in the immune response.  The thymus gland and the PeyerÕs
  patches can be restored, at least to a degree.
Some of the approximately 1400
  articles on this website discuss development.  You are welcome to enjoy them.


HAVE YOUR COMPUTER
  READ TO YOU
If you donÕt like reading
  on a computer, all computers can be set up to read articles to you (It is
  called text
  to speech).  All Apple
  computers come with this feature, and it can be added
  easily to all Windows computers.
 
 REFERENCE
  ARTICLES
 
Hair Analysis
  References
 
Mineral Levels In Human
  Hair - Ideals, Ranges, Toxicity And Poor Eliminators
 
BOOK CORRECTIONS
  AND UPDATES for:
1. Nutritional Balancing And Hair Mineral Analysis: 2010 Edition
  and the 2014
  Edition, 2016
  Edition.
2.
  Sauna Therapy.
3.
  Legal Guidelines
  For Unlicensed Practitioners. 
 
This website accepts no advertising in
  order to keep the content free of conflicts of interest.




 
Disclaimer. Development and nutritional balancing are methods to reduce
stress on the body and help people reach their full human potential.  All information on this website is for
educational purposes only.  It is not intended as diagnosis, treatment, prescription or
cure for any health condition, mental or physical, real or imaginary.
 
Dr. Wilson has
a medical degree, and prefers to work as an unlicensed nutrition consultant.
 
 

Home | Begin A Program | Saunas | Books | Read Articles | Detox
Protocols
Courses
| About Dr. Wilson | The Free Basic Program

 



• Wilson Laurence P • San Francisco • California •                      USA   San Francisco  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook        W Wilson Laurence P    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     456 Montgomery St Fl 17, San Francisco, California, 94104    About Us How to get     WILSON LAURENCE P | San Francisco  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Wilson Laurence P   See phone loading...  (415) 434-8880    456 Montgomery St Fl 17, 94104   San Francisco, California  How to get    Wilson Laurence PSan Francisco456 Montgomery St Fl 17       







  Top Businesses         Dedicated Dog Training       Chicago Criminal Defense & Personal Injury Attorney Sal Sheikh       Expressway Courier and Freight LLC       Pittsburgh SEO Magician       Worth Palos Dentistry   







   Evaluations of Wilson Laurence P:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:1times viewed0times listed   Keywords: Wilson Laurence P, San Francisco, 456 Montgomery St Fl 17, Wilson Laurence P San Francisco, San Francisco San Francisco, 456 Montgomery St Fl 17 San Francisco Wilson Laurence P - San Francisco - California    456 Montgomery St Fl 17, 94104Show on map   How to get   







id0310004507212 Related Content for: Wilson Laurence P    Laurence Wilson - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Laurence Simon Wilson (born 10 October 1986 in Huyton) is an English footballer who is currently a free agent after being released by Rotherham United. He was ...      Ruth Wilson (actress) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Ruth Wilson (born 13 January 1982) is an English actress, perhaps best known for her performance in the title role of Jane Eyre and the character of Alice Morgan in ...      Management | Yelp Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what's great and not so great in San Francisco and beyond. Members share their favorite recommendations ...      Innocence Cases: 2004 - Present | Death Penalty Information ... 113. Alan Gell North Carolina Conviction: 1998, Acquitted: 2004 Alan Gell was arrested for a 1995 robbery and murder of a retired truck driver named Allen Ray Jenkins.      War Poetry: T. P. Cameron Wilson: 'Magpies in Picardy' My fellow Devonian T. P. Cameron Wilson (1889-1918) belongs alongside Julian Grenfell and Patrick Shaw Stewart as a poet of the Great War who is now ...      "Calvinism and the Baptists" by Laurence M. Vance Calvinism and the Baptists by Dr. Laurence M. Vance. The following is from Dr. Laurence M. Vance's excellent recently updated and revised work entitled, "The ...      Presidential Lectures: Robert Wilson - Stanford University My theatre is, in some ways, really closer to animal behavior. When a dog stalks a bird his whole body is listening.... He’s not listening with his ears, with ...      Diana Ross & SUPREMES * Mary Wilson * Florence Ballard ... Songs of the 1969 Gay Stonewall Club by Diana Ross & The Supremes      Dan Sperber — Deirdre Wilson and Dan Sperber. 2004 ... Deirdre Wilson and Dan Sperber. 2004. Relevance Theory. In Horn, L.R. & Ward, G. (eds.) 2004 The Handbook of Pragmatics. Oxford: Blackwell, 607-632.      Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation » Landmarks Store 100 West Station Square Drive, Suite 450 Pittsburgh PA 15219 412 471-5808 fax 412 471-1633 info@phlf.org      Richard's International Model Management Photographer: Yuji and Mari | Stylist: Reza Bustami | Hair & Make-up Artist: SabrinaZiomi. Tags: New York      Laurence O'Bryan (Author of The Istanbul Puzzle) About Laurence O'Bryan: My first novel, The Istanbul Puzzle, has been shortlisted for the Irish crime novel of the year 2012 award. The event will be tel...      Laurence Fishburne Movies Rent Laurence Fishburne movies at Blockbuster. Your online source for Laurence Fishburne movies, biography and filmography. Laurence Fishburne and over 600,000 other ...      Ronald Wilson Reagan Facts, information, pictures ... Ronald W. Reagan Beginning as a radio sports announcer, Ronald W. Reagan (born 1911) enjoyed success as a motion picture actor and television...      Oliver Laurence North Facts, information, pictures ... Oliver Laurence North 1943-, American military officer, b. San Antonio, Tex. Raised in Philmont, N.Y., he entered the U.S. Marines, graduated from...      Paul Laurence Dunbar High School Sports And Athletics News ... Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in Lexington, Kentucky. Paul Laurence Dunbar High School Sports, Athletic News, Photos, Videos, Schedules and Rosters      theAV4ever: Laurence Chaderton – a saintly scholar Laurence Chaderton was born in Lancashire, England, 1536, son of Thomas Chaderton, a Roman Catholic. His family were wealthy and devoted papists.      Mary Wilson: Biography from Answers.com Mary Louise Wilson Wilson, Mary Louise (b. 1936), character actress. The pinchfaced, wiry player with a distinctive sharp voice has a talent for playing      People | Civil Engineering Rene B. Testa. 638 SW Mudd, Mail Code: 4709 Office hours: Tues, Wed 1:00-2:30pm (open door other times) Phone: +1 212-854-6383 Fax: +1 212-854-6267     Wilson Laurence P456 Montgomery St Fl 1794104San FranciscoCalifornia(415) 434-8880     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.120263814926153Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    










 





Wilson



























 Go! 




Members Only | Join Us   















To see all members, set to 'All' and hit search. To see members by profession,
    choose the profession and hit search.



-- All --
Legal
Financial
Mental Health
Other













Wilson Law Offices220 Montgomery Street, 15th Floor
        San Francisco, CA 94104 
        

,  

 415-434-8880 phone
415-986-4440 fax





counselsf@aol.com


IACP Member Profile Page




Laurence P. Wilson, Legal 
Laurence P. Wilson is a Family Law Attorney in San Francisco, California. He began practicing law in 1975. He has enjoyed the prestigious Martindale-Hubbell AV rating since 1981 and he also was elected to fellowship in the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers [AAML] that year. He has served as a volunteer Superior Court Family Law Judge Pro Tempore in San Mateo, San Francisco and Marin Counties since 1991. Mr. Wilson lectures frequently to lawyers and other specialty practitioners regarding a variety of Family Law subjects, including collaborative law, collaborative practice and mediation. He has been selected as a Northern California Super Lawyer by San Francisco Magazine. 
In 1994, Mr. Wilson co-founded the predecessor group to The San Francisco Collaborative Practice Group along with several other practitioners, several of whom remain active in the current organization. He has maintained an active collaborative divorce practice since 1994 and devotes a considerable percentage of his practice time to collaborative matters. He also is a member of the unrelated San Francisco Collaborative Law Group. 
Mr. Wilson's practice is limited to collaborative divorce, family law mediation, family law consultations, preparation of pre-marital, marital and post-marital contracts and private judging. With very few exceptions, he no longer accepts new litigation matters. He has conducted successful collaborative divorces in all of the San Francisco Bay Area counties, as well as in Monterey and Los Angeles Counties and he is open to being engaged in collaborative cases in which any of the other members of The San Francisco Collaborative Practice Group have been designated as his collaborative counterpart.










About CPSF
Collaborative Practice San Francisco is a group of professionals interested in
    avoiding court battles and power struggles to resolve conflicts. Our group is a
    multi-disciplinary, multi-field group open to all professionals interested in Collaborative
    conflict resolution.
    Read more...

Will CP work for me?
If the following values are important to you, it is likely to be a workable option:

I want us to communicate with a tone of respect.
I want to prioritize the needs of our children.
My needs and those of my spouse/partner require equal consideration, and I will listen objectively.

Newsletter Signup










Enter Word Verification in box below





















Product not available. Maybe it flew away?Search
                      Send me the App
                    Log InSell Your StuffProduct not available. Maybe it flew away?Explore similar products. Load moreOops! We don't have any more products to show.Log in or create your account at letgo Discover Sell Your Stuff  FAQ
                              Use the letgo app and post a product in a snap!
                            
                                  letgo app
                Download from Google PlayDownload from App Store Facebook An error occurred while logging in with Facebook. Please try again. Google An error occurred while logging in with Google. Please try again.OR USE YOUR EMAILSign UpLog InPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Please enter a username.Sign Up
                                By clicking on "Sign up", you agree to the letgo Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Remember meLog InForgot your password?Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to download the free appPlease enter a valid email address.SendAccept
        The letgo Privacy Policy has been updated. Please click "Accept" to show your agreement with the new policy.
      Wilson, Laurence: Wilson, Laurence West Linn, OR 97068 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeGeneral Contractors near West Linn, ORWilson, Laurence: Wilson, LaurenceIn mybook® : Home Collection (edit)Added to your home collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your home collection.Wilson, Laurence: Wilson, LaurenceWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!2235 Greene St, West Linn, OR 97068(503) 557-9400Add HoursAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Add WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessNichols Excavation LLC18187 S. Matthew Ct., Oregon City, OR 97045(503) 462-1059General ContractorsDirectionsMore InfoRupp Family BuildersWilsonville, OR 97070(503) 305-4770General ContractorsWebsiteMore InfoHoursDo you know the hours for this business?NeighborhoodsTanner Basin, West LynnCategoriesGeneral Contractors, Building Construction Consultants, Building Contractors COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Map & DirectionsPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Wilson Laurence F | Berne NY | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Wilson Laurence F?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Wilson Laurence F
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






W







BZ Score:
90







License # 017791




Berne, NY









Wilson Laurence F




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Wilson Laurence F in Berne, NY holds a Architecture  license (017791) according to the New York license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Wilson Laurence F, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Wilson Laurence F Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Architectural Drawings and ...
Other Architecture and Engi...






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









36 Phila Street, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866

(347) 329-5802 ext. 9828


Conboy and Mannion Contracting Inc




License # 036468


Saratoga Springs, NY







113

BZ Score


$195K
Avg Project 


29
Projects














Po Box 44, Delanson, NY 12053
(518) 894-4853


A&B Home Repair




License not required 


Delanson, NY



5

5
ratings








114

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














39 Glen Park Rd, Haines Falls, NY 12439

(347) 329-5802 ext. 4626


Ajs Consulting & Contra*




License # 608217


Haines Falls, NY







107

BZ Score


$37.5K
Avg Project 


15
Projects













Wilson Laurence F Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Wilson Laurence F. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Wilson Laurence F










1
Rate this architect







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this architect.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Wilson Laurence F,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Wilson Laurence F








113


Conboy and Mannion Contracting Inc







114


A&B Home Repair







107


Ajs Consulting & Contra*






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #017791StatusActiveStateNew YorkTypeArchitecture


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of March, 2015. Check the current license status of Wilson Laurence F with the New York Office of the Professions












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Wilson Laurence F
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in New York:













Does Wilson Laurence F carry a valid contracting license?



Any person or business involved in a home improvement project more than $200 must get a license from the Department of Consumer Affairs to operate legally in New York.
Wilson Laurence F currently holds license 017791 (Architecture), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in New York?



New York City maintains high standards for licensing. To obtain a home improvement license, applicants must pass a written exam.











Your liability risk when hiring Wilson Laurence F



Licensed contractors in NYC are required to carry workers' compensation insurance.











Financial recourse when hiring Wilson Laurence F



Licensed contractors contribute $200 to DCA's Trust Fund at the time of application and each time they renew or post a bond. DCA's Trust Fund reimburses homeowners who hired a licensed contractor who subsequently damaged their home and went out of business or left town.











What else should I know before hiring Wilson Laurence F



NYC home improvement contractors are required to submit a copy of their fingerprints to the DCA and pass a criminal background check.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The NYC Department of Consumer Affairs recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Wilson Laurence F
We will attempt to deliver your message to Wilson Laurence F. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.






























































