





Wimsett, Thomas A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Thomas A. Wimsett
THOMAS A. WIMSETT is President and Chief Executive Officer of National
Processing Company LLC (NPC’). He was elected to his current position in
1999. Prior to his current role, Mr. Wimsett served as Executive Vice
President of NPC’s Merchant Card Services. This business now represents
approximately 95% of NPC’s revenues and is the second largest merchant
card processor in the country, handling nearly one out of every five
MasterCard’ and Visa’ transactions in the nation. From 1995 to 1997, Mr.
Wimsett served as President of NPC’s wholly owned subsidiary, NPC Check
Services, Inc. In this position he was responsible for managing one of
the largest check acceptance companies in the United States. Prior to
1995, Mr. Wimsett held key management positions in several other
operating divisions of NPC, including NPC’s Payment Services division,
which settles over $85 billion per year to over 110,000 travel agents
for major travel providers such as airlines, hotels, rental car
companies and cruise lines. From 1988 to 1992, Mr. Wimsett played a key
role in the establishment and growth of NPC’s international transaction
processing operation in Juarez, Mexico. Mr. Wimsett began his career
with NPC in 1983. Mr. Wimsett is a member of the Electronic Transaction
Association’s Board of Directors. He is also a member of the National
Retail Federation (NRF) and the Association for Financial Professionals.
He received a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of
Louisville where he graduated Magna Cum Laude, and attended graduate
school at the University of Texas at El Paso. Mr. Wimsett is a member of
the National Youth Sports Coaches Association and is actively involved
in coaching youth basketball.
Related Interviews:Thomas Wimsett - National Processing Company (nap)March 17, 2002Thomas Wimsett -  National Processing Company (nap)September 25, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












                  Ripoff Report | Tom Wimsett, National Processing company Complaint Review louisviile, Kentucky                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.         Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Finance > Credit Card Processing Ach Companies > Tom Wimsett, National Processing Company > Tom Wimsett, National Processing Company Mr Thomas A Wimsett Iron Triangle Payment Systems Llc, National Processing, Npc, Gtcr, Wimsett Charging Fees For Fake Product Tom Wimsett, Ceo President Credit Card Processing Company And Gtcr And Ge Withdrew Money Out Of My Account W > No Athoraty Louisviile Kentucky
 , Massachusetts       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #487127     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: Tom Wimsett, National Processing company      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Sat, August 29, 2009   Updated:  Sat, August 29, 2009    Reported By:
									    liqurestore —
	                                      Massachusetts
	                                    USA									         Tom Wimsett, National Processing company  npc.net 
				    							louisviile, Kentucky								      		 United States of America     Phone:  Web:   Category: Credit Card Processing (ACH) Companies            Tom Wimsett, National Processing company  Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett Iron Triangle Payment Systems LLC, National Processing, NPC, GTCR, Wimsett charging fees for fake product Tom Wimsett, CEO & President Credit Card Processing Company and GTCR and GE Withdrew money out of my account w/no athoraty louisviile kentucky
 , Massachusetts   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 0Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!         Where do I begin? a few months ago my wife and I sold our business. We were at the time using NPC and Tom Wimsett, CEO & President  for our credit card processing. We followed the proper guidlines to cancel our service with them using a letter in writing and contacting the Regional Manager. Mark who was the Regional Manager advised me that everything was ok.Well, my wife and I had a seperate business account after the sale of the business which only had about 500$ in it. We never really checked the account due to the fact is was just there for emergency money if needed. We didnt have any ATM cards or withdrawal slips so we assumed the money was just collecting interest. Well 1 year goes by and we get a overdraft fee in the mail from Natinal Bank of Omaha. Stating that NPC Tom Wimsett, CEO & President  has exhausted our funds and we are now negative 150$ in our account and we need to deposit money to bring it up to a zero balance. We were appalled but we had to do it so that our credit wasnt destroyed.I contacted Tom Wimsett, CEO & President  and spoke to several people explaining I cancelled over a year ago and we didnt use their services. They said they never recieved the letter. I said well I sent it to the regional manager. THey said he is no longer with us. So I said fine it is my fault for not being aware of my bank account for 1 year. Ill eat the 30$ a month you charged me for 12 months as well as the 80$ annual fee. and they charged me $99 for PCI fee Well I said how do I cancel to make sure that I am not charged again. They said to send us a fax stating you dont want to use our services any longer. Tom Wimsett, CEO & President    the crazy thing about the PCI fee is that we never got any service for it, and never signd up for it, i think this was just a made up fee, when i called Tom Wimsett, CEO & President he said this was a insurence program for Credit Card numbers, and thatVisa and Master Card made the program, and i said that i did not have any numbers and that i did not need it, but they charged me anyway. I did this and then 2 weeks later I get another overdraft fee from bank of america stating I am 320$ negative. Tom Wimsett, CEO & President  charged me a 280$ cancellation fee and then bak of america charged me 42$ in overdraft fees. I contacted natinal bank of Omaha and their so called fraud dept. and they told me there is nothing they can do.Stay far far far away from this merchant company they will rip you off.     This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 08/29/2009 03:20 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/tom-wimsett-national-processing-company/louisviile-kentucky-/tom-wimsett-national-processing-company-mr-thomas-a-wimsett-iron-triangle-payment-syst-487127.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on Tom Wimsett, National Processing company									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									                                                                   Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                



403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Thomas A. Wimsett Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 5:55 AM ET
IT Services

Company Overview of RPSI, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Thomas A. Wimsett Jr.Chief Executive Officer and President, RPSI, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships56--
Background

		Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett, Jr., also known as Tom, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at RPSI, Inc., since July 2005. Mr. Wimsett serves as the Chairman and Managing Partner of Wimsett & Company. He serves as an Executive Partner at Thompson Street Capital Partners. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at National Processing Company, LLC from 1999 to 2002. He has over 24 years of payments industry experience. He served as the Chief Executive ... Officer and President of NPC Group, Inc., from 1999 to 2002. He founded National Processing Company, LLC and served as an Executive Vice President of National Processing and President of NPC Check Services from 1995 to 1999. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ITPS (renamed NPC in 2006) until 2010. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of NAP from 1999 to 2002. From 1995 to 1998, he served as an Executive Officer of National Processing Company. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of BA Merchant Services, LLC. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Iron Triangle Payment Systems, LLC and was its Founder in 2003. He served as the Chairman and Director of Town & Country Bank and Trust Company until May 19, 2016. Along with a successful 19 year career at National Processing Company, he serves as a Director of the MasterCard U.S. Region Board and Director of the Electronic Transaction Association (ETA). He serves as a Member of the Board of Directors at EchoSat. He has been an Independent Director of Jack Henry & Associates Inc. since July 13, 2012. He served as a Director of National Processing since 2001. He served as a Director of NAP and MasterCard's U.S. Region Board. He served on Visa's Executive Acquirer Council, Discover Card's Acquirer Advisory Council and on the Board of Advisors for the University of Louisville's School of Business. He remains involved with several local civic and philanthropic organizations. Mr. Wimsett holds a Bachelor's of Science in Business Administration degree from the University of Louisville in 1986. He did graduate studies from University of Texas At El Paso.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20405 State Highway 249Houston, Texas 77070United StatesPhone: 281-376-3399Fax: 281-320-7920
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentIndependent DirectorJack Henry & Associates, Inc.
Education
BSBA 1986University of LouisvilleUnknown/Other Education University Of Texas At El Paso
Other Affiliations
Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.BA Merchant Services, LLCThompson Street Capital PartnersUniversity of LouisvilleUniversity Of Texas At El PasoNPC Group, Inc.Town & Country Bank and Trust Co.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RPSI, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Thomas A Wimsett - Bardstown, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas A Wimsett in Bardstown, KY


Thomas A Wimsett

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas A Wimsett  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Bardstown, KY.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tom Adrian Wimsett


Get Report Now

Age

Thomas A Wimsett is in his 50s

Thomas Has Lived In

Bardstown, KY
El Paso, TX
North Richland Hills, TX

Thomas's Relatives

Rhonda Wimsett
John Wimsett
Ashley Wimsett







Thomas A Wimsett



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Wimsett & Company LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas A Wimsett
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas A Wimsett
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas A Wimsett
Get a People Search Report on Thomas A Wimsett


Thomas A Wimsett's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas A Wimsett has lived as well as Thomas A Wimsett's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas A Wimsett Has Lived in 3 States
Kentucky Address for Thomas A Wimsett


160 A**** R** 

Bardstown, KY


Has Lived In

Bardstown, KY
El Paso, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas A Wimsett

(502) ***-**** - Bardstown, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Bardstown, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Louisville, KY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas A Wimsett

t******t@***.com
t************t@***.com
t*******t@***.com


Get Email Report




Thomas A Wimsett's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas A Wimsett's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas A Wimsett has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas A Wimsett Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Wimsett & Company LLC
               Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Company: Wimsett & Company LLC
               Title: Owner
Thomas A Wimsett's Experience
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Wimsett & Company LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: Owner
               Company: Wimsett & Company LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Thomas A Wimsett

 See Thomas A Wimsett's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas A Wimsett's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas A Wimsett


Thomas A Wimsett's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas A Wimsett's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Wimsett
Username Matches

                  ThomasWimsett
                  WimsettThomas
                  Thomas.Wimsett
                  Wimsett.Thomas
                  Thomas_Wimsett
                  Wimsett_Thomas
                  Thomas-Wimsett
                  Wimsett-Thomas
                  TWimsett
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Wimsett







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











                  Ripoff Report | Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett Complaint Review Internet                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.         Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Finance > Financial Services > Mr Thomas A Wimsett > Mr Thomas A Wimsett Iron Triangle Payment Systems Llc, National Processing, Npc, Gtcr, Wimsett Back In Payments Game Stealing From The Little Guy To Keep His Job Miami, Florida *editor's Suggestions On How To Get Your Money Back Into Your Bank Account That Someone Wrongfully Takes It From You        
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #480567     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Sat, August 15, 2009   Updated:  Sat, August 15, 2009    Reported By:
									    Good Guy —
	                                    miami Florida
	                                    USA									         Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett  www.npc.net 
				    							Internet								      		 United States of America     Phone:  Web:   Category: Financial Services            Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett Iron Triangle Payment Systems LLC, National Processing, NPC, GTCR, Wimsett Back in Payments Game stealing from the little guy to keep his job miami, Florida *EDitor's Suggestions on how to get your money back into your bank account that someone wrongfully takes it from you!   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 0Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										This company enrages me! I have had my account closed with them for more than three months, however charges continue to be automatically withdrawn from the checking account that was associated with NPC.net and Tom WimsettThere has been more than $500.00 withdrawn in UNAUTHORIZED transactions. Everytime, I call the company,  Tom Wimsett continues to assure me that nothing else will be withdrawn, and that I will be reimbursed for the money they have taken. However, nothing has been reimbursed.Today was the last straw.  Tom Wimsett withdrew $189.00 from my personal checking account  unauthorized, after I called them today and was assured no further charges would be taken.When you call the number given on the statements and on the website, it says that you are talking to a third party, who can do nothing. When you actually get a hold of a real person at NPC they direct me to the person I supposedly need to talk with, Tom Wimsett.  He assures that the unauthorized checking with drawls were made by mistake, and that I will have my checking account credited back. I have contacted my bank, on 8 occasions, they tell me the deductions are being made by a First National Bank of Omaha. When I call there they say they no longer deal with NPC, that they have sold the account to someone else. This company is a RIPOFF... <b><font size=+2><font color="#0000FF">EDitor's Suggestions on how to get your money back! </font></font></b>      <b><font size=+1>HERE IS WHAT RIP-OFF REPORT SUGGESTS YOU DO: </font></b>    Go to your bank within 60 days of the charge, or as soon as you know about the charge, don't delay, and tell them that there has been fraudulent activity within your account.  Explain that you wish to file a dispute, and demand that they assist you in accordance with Federal Regulation E.     According to the majority of victims interviewed by Rip-off Report, those who immediately called their banks to dispute the charges did not get very far.  Many victims got the following responses from their banks: we could not do anything for you or you waited too long; it has been more than 60 days.    If the bank is says that you have waited too long, explain to them how you called their 800 number as soon as the charges were found, and were told by the bank that nothing could be done.  Remind the bank that they failed to assist you properly at the 800 #, and instead, provided you with an inadequate explanation of your right to dispute.  Tell the bank that it's their fault time has expired, and since they gave you the wrong info to begin with, they will just have to deal with it, take the loss and reverse the charges.    Tell them the truth; this was unauthorized and your account was NOT to be charged! Keep emphasizing how you never authorized anything!  Direct them to the hundreds of victims reports that were filed on Rip-off Report.com.  And if you're at the bank, walk them over to their computer and make them go to this site!  If you are on the phone with them, tell them you will wait while they access this site!  Either way, be persistent!      <b><font size=+1>DO NOT TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER! </font></b>    Let them know nicely, that you were advised to Report them (the Bank) and this situation to the Banking Commission in your state.  Since each state has a different name for the agency/controller over banks, find that name before you call or get to the bank so you can throw it in their face. The more knowledgeable you appear to be, the further you will get.     And just continue to demand the Federal Regulation E form! The bank CAN, MUST and WILL reverse the charge!  But, you must be persistent; ask to speak to the supervisor or the area manager for all the branches in the state.     Let the bank personnel know you are meeting with the media later in the day, that you would much rather they do the right thing (as most other banks have) by looking at the complaints and immediately reversing the charge(s) to your account; no matter how long ago it was.  Be sure to call the Media if necessary so you are telling the truth.    If you have to, be loud (but nice) in front of other customers. If you are just calling by phone, the above tactics should still work. The bank can easily fax or mail to you the Federal Regulation E dispute form.    <b><font size=+1>CHARGES TO YOUR CREDIT CARD</font></b>    If the charge was to your credit card (not debit card, check card, or checking account), contact the credit card company as soon as possible to request a dispute form. Consumers usually have a little longer to dispute fraudulent credit card charges (up to 6 months), but it is better to act right away.  In this type of situation, credit card disputes are usually successful since fraudulent companies often won't contest the disputed charge.  In rare cases, credit card companies will review disputes, but refuse to reverse the charges.  If this occurs, complain to a manager and let them know you will be filing a report here.      Remember Don't let them get away with it!   Make sure they make the Rip-off Report .. <i>The more Reports filed on a Company or individual, the more likely it is that the authorities, media and attorneys will want to take action. </i>    And good luck Let us know how you do!    ED Magedson  Founder  RipoffReport.com  Author of www.ripoffrevenge.com    Rip-off Report PO Box 310, Tempe, Arizona 85280     This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 08/15/2009 11:00 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/mr-thomas-a-wimsett/internet/mr-thomas-a-wimsett-iron-triangle-payment-systems-llc-national-processing-npc-gtcr-w-480567.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									                                                                   Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                



JKHY Thomas A. Wimsett Insider Trades for Jack Henry & Associates Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Jack Henry & Associates Inc.

                  NASDAQ: JKHY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Jack Henry & Associates Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:27 p.m.


JKHY

/quotes/zigman/73235/composite


$
106.19




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 4,335
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/73235/composite
Previous close

$
			106.45
		


$
				106.19
			
Change

-0.26
-0.24%





Day low
Day high
$105.50
$106.78










52 week low
52 week high

            $79.00
        

            $106.98
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Thomas A. Wimsett



Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett is Chairman & Managing Partner at Wimsett & Co. LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. Mr. Wimsett was previously employed as Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Iron Triangle Payment Systems LLC, President & Chief Executive Officer by National Processing Co. LLC (Kentucky), Chairman by Electronic Transactions Association, and a Principal by Visa, Inc. He also served on the board at MasterCard, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Louisville.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/16/2016
1,594


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/16/2015
1,756


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/18/2014
2,239


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/07/2014
2,000


 
Acquisition at $57.84 per share.


115,680


11/18/2013
2,381


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/08/2013
2,400


 
Acquisition at $47.3 per share.


113,520


11/19/2012
4,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/05/2012
2,600


 
Acquisition at $38.63 per share.


100,438


08/14/2012
1,400


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John F. Prim 
Executive Chairman




Mr. David B. Foss 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kevin D. Williams 
CFO, Treasurer & Principal Accounting Officer




Mr. Mark S. Forbis 
Chief Technology Officer & Vice President




Mr. Brian  Otte 
Director of Sales-Solutions




Mr. Bruce  Krajewski 
Director of Sales-Payments




Mr. Dennis  Gorges 
General Manager-Enterprise Risk Management




Mr. Gregory R. Adelson 
General Manager-Payments Division




Mr. Ron L. Moses 
General Manager-Consumer & Commercial Solutions




Ms. Stacey E. Zengel 
President-Banking Division




Mr. Stan  Viner 
General Manager-Sales




Ms. Debbie  Wood 
General Manager-Marketing & Industry Research




Ms. Jessica  Randall 
Corporate Communications Manager




Mr. Robert T. Schendel 
Secretary




Mr. Wesley A. Brown 
Independent Director




Ms. Shruti S. Miyashiro 
Independent Director




Ms. Laura G. Kelly 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas A. Wimsett 
Independent Director




Ms. Jacqueline R. Fiegel 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas Hampton Wilson 
Independent Director




Mr. Matthew C. Flanigan 
Vice Chairman









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:55 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:00aWhat’s a cameo – like Ed Sheeran on Game of Thrones – actually worth?
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































   Thomas Wimsett | Wimsett & Company | ZoomInfo.com
Thomas Wimsett 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 





















 



 Jacqueline R. Fiegel and Thomas A. Wimsett Named To Jack Henry & Associates’ Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Jacqueline R. Fiegel and Thomas A. Wimsett Named To Jack Henry & Associates' Board of Directors

		  - Appointments expand board to include six independent outside directors and three non-independent directors -
		

Jul 18, 2012, 07:55 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MONETT, Mo., July 18, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:   JKHY), a leading provider of technology solutions and payment processing services primarily for financial services organizations, today announced that on July 13, 2012 Jacqueline R. Fiegel and Thomas A. Wimsett were appointed to its Board of Directors as independent directors. Their appointments expand the board to include six independent outside directors and three non-independent directors.
Ms. Fiegel is senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Oklahoma-based Coppermark Bank which she joined in 1976.  She currently is a member of the board of Coppermark Bank and also serves as director and treasurer of both Coppermark Bancshares, Inc. and affiliate Coppermark Card Services, Inc..  Ms. Fiegel has served on the Oklahoma City Branch Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and currently serves on several business and civic boards including the Economic Club of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City University Alumni Association, and the YWCA, Oklahoma City. In 2008, Ms. Fiegel was named one of the U.S. Banker 25 Most Powerful Women in Banking and one of the 25 Women to Watch in 2009 and 2010. She received the Servant Leader Award from Oklahoma City University and the Alpha Phi Panhellenic Woman of the Year, and was named to the Circle of Excellence as a Journal Record Woman of the Year – 50 Making A Difference. Ms. Fiegel holds a bachelor's degree from Oklahoma City University and is a graduate of several banking schools. She resides in Oklahoma City with her husband, Christopher. Ms. Fiegel brings broad banking industry knowledge, financial management, technology and operations experience to the JKHY board. 
Mr. Wimsett is the chairman and managing partner of Wimsett & Company, a payments consulting firm he formed in 2012, and is also chairman of Kentucky-based Town & Country Bank and Trust Company. He is a 29-year veteran of the payments industry, having begun his career with National Processing Company in 1983. While with NAP, Mr. Wimsett held a variety of key managerial positions with specific oversight for their check acceptance and merchant acquiring divisions, and served as NAP's president and CEO from 1999 to 2002.  In 2003, Mr. Wimsett formed Iron Triangle Payment Systems (ITPS) in conjunction with GTCR, one of the largest private equity investors in the transaction processing industry. He served as chairman and CEO of ITPS (renamed NPC in 2006) until 2010 when the company was sold to Fifth Third Processing Solutions (now Vantiv). Mr. Wimsett is widely regarded as a leader in the payments industry and has actively served with multiple industry organizations including more than 10 years as a director or advisory board member of the Electronic Transaction Association (ETA), a Washington D.C.-based international trade association. He is a former director of NAP and MasterCard's U.S. Region Board.  He served on Visa's Executive Acquirer Council, Discover Card's Acquirer Advisory Council, and on the Board of Advisors for the University of Louisville's School of Business. He remains involved with several local civic and philanthropic organizations. Mr. Wimsett holds a Bachelor's of Science in Business Administration degree from the University of Louisville and lives in Bardstown, Kentucky with his wife Rhonda and the youngest of their three children, James.
According to Jack Prim, CEO of Jack Henry & Associates, "We welcome Jacque and Tom to our board of directors and are anxious to leverage and benefit from their extensive knowledge of the financial services and payments industries. Their impressive backgrounds, experience, and work ethic will enable them to make immediate contributions to our evolving business strategy and performance. We are pleased to have filled these board seats with such highly qualified and enthusiastic members."
About Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. 
Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:   JKHY) is a leading provider of technology solutions and payment processing services primarily for financial services organizations. Its solutions serve more than 11,900 customers nationwide, and are marketed and supported through four primary brands. Jack Henry Banking™ supports banks ranging from de novo to mid-tier institutions with information processing solutions. Symitar® is the leading provider of information processing solutions for credit unions of all sizes. ProfitStars® provides highly specialized products and services that enable financial institutions of every asset size and charter, and diverse corporate entities to mitigate and control risks, optimize revenue and growth opportunities, and contain costs. iPay Technologies™ operates as a leading electronic bill pay provider supporting banks and credit unions with turnkey, highly configurable retail and small business electronic payment platforms.  Additional information is available at www.jackhenry.com. 
Statements made in this news release that are not historical facts are forward-looking information.  Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking information. Specifically, there are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking information.  Additional information on these and other factors, which could affect the Company's financial results, are included in its Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings on Form 10-K, and potential investors should review these statements.  Finally, there may be other factors not mentioned above or included in the Company's SEC filings that may cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking information.
 SOURCE  Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.jackhenry.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jul 18, 2012, 08:00 ET
Preview: ProfitStars and ICBA Expand Scope of Preferred Service Provider Relationship













Jul 10, 2012, 08:00 ET
Preview: Farm Credit Services of Mid-America Selects ProfitStars for ALM Reporting






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 23, 2017, 08:00 ET
American National Bank Selects Jack Henry Banking's SilverLake...








May 23, 2017, 08:00 ET
ProfitStars Introduces Gladiator Virtual Information Security...








May 23, 2017, 08:00 ET
Langley Federal Credit Union Attributes Symitar Selection to Vast...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 