

Winmill & Co. Incorporated Summary























Winmill & Co.

Company Summary
Class A Common Stock
Midas Mutual Funds
Midas Rumpelstiltskin® Commentaries
Midas Retirement Plans
Foxby Corp.
Our Transfer Agent
















 
Company Summary
Through  subsidiaries Winmill & Co. Incorporated provides Performance Driven® investment  management and distribution for the two mutual funds in the Midas Funds family and investment management for the closed end  fund Foxby Corp. We invite you to learn more  about Midas® stock market and gold investing, Midas  equity and gold mutual  funds, Midas Strategies and Market Commentaries, and The Midas Touch®, and Foxby Corp.

  The  Bull & Bear® spirit: Formerly known as Bull & Bear Group,  Inc., the Company is still Bull & Bear Performance Driven® --  seeking long term value through both up and down market cycles.
  
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Each mutual fund referred to in this site may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside the United States. Each mutual fund is described in a combined prospectus that contains more complete information about each Fund, including management fees and other charges and expenses. Request a prospectus and read it carefully before you invest or send money. Please print out at the Midas Funds website, or e-mail or call us at 1-800-400-MIDAS (6432) to obtain a free copy of the prospectus. "Midas," "Midas Funds (design)," "The Midas Touch," "Bull & Bear," "Bull & Bear Performance Driven," and "Performance Driven" are registered trademarks and the property of Winmill & Co. Incorporated's wholly-owned subsidiary Performance Driven Properties, Inc. Midas Securities Group, Inc., Distributor.




 
 
 


Home | Winmill & Co. Incorporated  11 Hanover Square, New York, NY 10005  1-212-785-0900








Winmill & Co. Incorporated














Welcome






 

 



Winmill & Co.
 



Company Summary



Class A Common Stock Cautionary Language and Forward Looking Statements 



Midas Mutual Funds 



 Midas Strategies and Market Commentaries



 Midas Retirement Plans 



Foxby Corp.



Our Transfer Agent





 
 






Home | Winmill & Co. Incorporated  11 Hanover Square, New York, NY 10005  1-212-785-0900


 
One of our guiding principles is that we will communicate with our shareholders as candidly as possible because we believe shareholders benefit from understanding our corporate philosophy and approach. Our views and opinions regarding the prospects of the Company are "forward looking statements" which may or may not be accurate and may be materially different over future periods. Forward looking statements may be identified, without limitation, by the use of such words as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "believes," or words or phrases of similar meaning. Forward looking statements include risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update or alter any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date stated. All registered trademarks used on this website are the property of Performance Driven Properties, Inc. All rights reserved. Midas Securities Group, Inc., Distributor Member FINRA, SIPC.
 









Winmill Equipment Co. Inc.



















			Distributor of Construction Equipment in NH & VT
1-888-WINMILL
NH: 603-421-0777
VT: 802-775-6568











Home

Equipment Sales

Parts & Service

Store Locations

Equipment Links




Parts





	Offering genuine OEM replacement parts for your Dressta (International), BOMAG, MOXY equipment, you will stay up and running with our million + dollars of parts inventory.  Our dedicated staff will help you through your questions and concerns about wearing components and maintenance schedules.
Arthur Stroumbos - Windham, NH  Phone:603-421-0777 Fax:603-421-0292
Reg Lussier - Rutland, VT   Phone:802-775-6568 Fax:802-775-3668

Service









	Our in-house service department perform diagnostic, repairs, complete equipment and component rebuilding, any custom fabrication and an entire undercarraige rebuilding, including an on-site track press.
Our service department also offers the most complete field service in the industry.  Our service trucks provide on-site welding, PM schedules, attachments fit ups, complete diagnostic and repair for your equipment.
Rob Winmill - Windham, NH
	John Winmill - Windham, NH
	Reggie Lussier - Rutland, VT
	Keith Cull - Rutland, VT

REMEMBER
Get your free undercarriage quote on OEM, Berco, ITM or TREK components today!






Winmill Equipment co, Inc  |  3 International Road  |  Windham, NH 03087  |  Phone: (603) 421-0777  |  Fax: (603) 537-0533 






Site Hosted By...MachineryTrader.com ®
		
		© Copyright by Sandhills Publishing Company 2017.
		All rights reserved. Reproduction of material appearing on this Web site
		is strictly prohibited without written permission. Machinery Trader and
		Machinery Trader Marketbook are registered trademarks of Sandhills Publishing Company.
		Copyright & Legal Notice   |  
		Privacy Policy









  WNMLA:OTC US Stock Quote - Winmill & Co Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Winmill & Co Inc   WNMLA:US   OTC US        0.90USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/12/2017     Volume   100    Previous Close   0.90    52Wk Range   0.60 - 1.05                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   100    Previous Close   0.90    52Wk Range   0.60 - 1.05    YTD Return   2.27%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   0.89    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.01    Market Cap (m USD)   1.486    Shares Outstanding  (m)   1.631    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.29    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Winmill & Co. Incorporated provides investment management services.  The Company manages and distributes mutual funds in the Midas Funds family and also manages two closed end funds.  Winmill's affiliates are involved in insurance services and real estate businesses.    Address  11 Hanover SquareNew York, NY 10005United States   Phone  1-212-785-0900   Website   www.winmillco.com     Executives Board Members    Bassett S Winmill  Chairman    Thomas Bassett Winmill  President/CEO/General Counsel    Robert D Anderson  Vice Chairman    Thomas Francis O'Malley  VP/CFO/Chief Acctg Ofcr    Russell Louis Kamerman  VP/Chief Compliance OFC/Asst Secy     Show More         


Winmill Equipment Co. Inc.




















			Distributor of Construction Equipment in NH & VT
1-888-WINMILL
NH: 603-421-0777
VT: 802-775-6568











Home

Equipment Sales

Parts & Service

Store Locations

Equipment Links


















Winmill Equipment is a family business owned and operated since 1947.  We have two facilities located across New Hampshire and Vermont.
Winmill Equipment's 47,000 Sq. Ft facility in New Hampshire houses one of the most complete service departments, extending from any custom fabrication needed, to an entire rebuilding of your equipment.
In 1994, the Rutland, VT store expanded Winmill Equipment's distributorship of Dressta, Moxy & Bomag into Vermont.
Winmill Equipment offers a complete list of heavy equipment rentals, rental purchases and leasing. We will help you match your job requirements with the right machines. Whether it comes to stumping or grubbing large sites that would require our 75 ton TD40, or, to grading off multiple house lots with one of our TD9M dozers, we will help you get your job done faster! 
Don't forget our full line of excavators, wheel loaders, dumpers, dozers or compactors and a set of forks to keep you moving! 


"Winmill Equipment offers a complete line of heavy equipment, and with our experience we're in a position to give you product support to match.  Plus, we have made the commitment it takes to make top product support a reality."
		-Robert Winmill
		
		

Winmill Equipment co, Inc  |  3 International Road  |  Windham, NH 03087  |  Phone: (603) 421-0777  |  Fax: (603) 537-0533 






Site Hosted By...MachineryTrader.com ®
		
		© Copyright by Sandhills Publishing Company 2017.
		All rights reserved. Reproduction of material appearing on this Web site
		is strictly prohibited without written permission. Machinery Trader and
		Machinery Trader Marketbook are registered trademarks of Sandhills Publishing Company.
		Copyright & Legal Notice   |  
		Privacy Policy










Windmill - Vitamins, Dietary Supplements & Health Products
















































                            Go






Pharmacist Corner
Vitamin Advisor




Menu

Home

About Windmill

Overview
History
Social Responsibility



Our Products

Brand Search
Category Search



Distribution & Manufacturing

Distribution
Manufacturing


Store Locator
Contact















































Windmill - Your Reliable Source for Innovative Vitamins & Dietary Supplements
For more than 40 years, Windmill has been the trusted source for quality, innovative and efficacious vitamins and supplements. We offer hundreds of products in a variety of categories and delivery systems, so customers can feel confident to rely on us to support their overall wellbeing. Windmill products are available in multiple outlets nationwide. Learn more about what we can do for you.
About Windmill Distribution















                    Windmill’s Popular, Trusted Brands




















































































The Healthy Lifestyle Product Line, Recommended by Pharmacists



Pharmacists Corner


Join the thousands of independent pharmacies experiencing the Windmill advantage. Partner with us today!

Log In 






Search Products


See what Windmill has to offer you and your family. Search by health/vitamin category or brand for details.

Search by: 
Brand | Category






Store Locator


Find the closest retailer near you to find an array of Windmill vitamins and supplements.

Find a store 

















                        *These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
                        These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.






                        1.800.822.4320 | 973.575.6591
                        Monday - Friday, 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM EST

Terms of use
Privacy Policy


                        © 2017 Windmill Health Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Website Design by Hudson




























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






    WNMLA Key Statistics - Winmill & Co. Inc. Cl A Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Winmill & Co. Inc. Cl A

                  OTC: WNMLA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Winmill & Co. Inc. Cl A



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 12, 2017, 5:19 p.m.


WNMLA

/quotes/zigman/181966/delayed


$
0.90




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 90
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/181966/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.90
		


$
				0.90
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$0.90
$0.90










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.60
        

            $1.05
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Provides investment services
            




Valuation

P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
8.42


Price to Sales Ratio
2.29


Price to Book Ratio
0.69


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
56.62


Enterprise Value to Sales
-0.52

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
5.40


Total Asset Turnover
0.31



Profitability

Operating Margin
45.78


Pretax Margin
45.78


Net Margin
27.05


Return on Assets
8.33


Return on Equity
8.75


Return on Total Capital
8.75


Return on Invested Capital
8.75

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Ms. Heidi  Keating 
57
-
Vice President



Mr. Russell  Kamerman 
34
-
Chief Compliance Officer, VP & Assistant Secretary





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/wnmla

      MarketWatch News on WNMLA
    




 Winmill files to delist Class A stock from Nasdaq
9:55 a.m. Aug. 6, 2004
 - Heather Wilson




 Action Products, Titan Intl, Zale, and more
2:44 p.m. July 14, 2004
 - CBS MarketWatch




 Winmill shares slide on news of delisting plan
2:32 p.m. July 14, 2004
 - Ciara Linnane




 Winmill to delist, deregister Class A stock from Nasdaq
6:03 p.m. July 13, 2004
 - Heather Wilson




 Winmill & Co. Q1 net earns 72c vs net loss 7c
5:36 p.m. May 13, 2004
 - Carolyn Pritchard









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/wnmla

      Other News on WNMLA
    
No News currently available for WNMLA










At a Glance

Winmill & Co., Inc.
12F, 11 Hanover Square


New York, New York 10005




Phone
1 2127850900


Industry
Investment Advisors


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2004


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$2.70M


Net Income
$730,616


2003 Sales Growth 
49.1%


Employees

        -


Annual Report for WNMLA











/news/pressrelease/company/us/wnmla

      Press Releases on WNMLA
    
No News currently available for WNMLA







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:37 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Winmill Equipment Co. Inc.                                                                                               - Windham                                           , NH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NH



Windham



Construction and Mining Machinery



Wholesale - General Construction Machinery And Equipment



                            Winmill Equipment Co. Inc.
                                    



 





















W 


Winmill Equipment Co. Inc.                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3 INTERNATIONAL RD WINDHAM, NH 03087
Get Directions



(603) 421-0777
www.winmillequipment.net                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 1947
 Incorporated NH
 Annual Revenue $6,497,549.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Wholesale - General Construction Machinery And Equipment
 Contacts Robert A Winmill                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1947 the company has been providing Wholesale - General Construction Machinery And Equipment. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























Winmill Equipment Co., Inc. | Construction Equipment



























 



 


















Search form

Search 





 










Newsletters
Subscribe
Advertise
About
Contact
 









what are you looking for?
Equipment Type






EarthmovingSurface drills
Toolcarriers
Soil Stabilizing Equipment
Skid Steer Loaders
Site Dumpers
Wheel Dozers
Wheel Loaders
Wood and brush clearing
Wheeled Excavators
Wheel Tractors
Sheepsfoot Rollers or Padfoot Rollers
Scrapers, Self Propelled
Compact Utility Tractors (Less than/equal to 60 hp)
Crawler Dozers
Compact Track Loaders
Backhoe Loaders
Articulated Dump Trucks, Off-Highway
Crawler Excavators
Crawler Loaders
Rigid Frame Trucks, Off-Highway
Scrapers, Pull Type
Motor Graders
Landfill Compactors
Crawler Tractors

Underground ConstructionDirectional Boring Equipment
Inspection Equipment, Sewer and Pipe
Piercing Tools
Pipe & Cable Locators
Pipe Layers
Pipe Rehab Equip: Pipe Bursting, Pipe Jacking, Liners, Etc.
Trench Rollers
Trenchers
Vacuum Excavation
Vibratory Plows

Paving & Materials ProductionAsphalt Pavers, Tracked
Asphalt Pavers, Wheeled
Batching and Mixing Plants, Asphalt
Batching and Mixing Plants, Concrete
Bridge Finishers
Cold Planers and Milling Machines
Combination Rollers, Smooth Drum & Tires
Concrete Mixers
Concrete Pavers
Concrete Reclaimers
Concrete Screeds
Conveyors and Feeders, All Types
Crushing and Screening Plants, Portable
Crushing and Screening Plants, Stationary
Curb and Gutter Paver
Emulsified Asphalt, Recycled Pavement, Mobile Machines
Horizontal Grinder
Material Transfer Vehicles
Material-Handler Excavators
Patching Plants, Asphalt
Pavement Breakers, Self Propelled
Pavement Saws & Blades
Pneumatic Tire Rollers
Reclaimers and Recyclers, In-Place
Screeds, Asphalt
Screeds, Vibrating
Screens, Vibrating Aggregate Sizing
Shoulder Spreaders
Single Smooth Drum Vibratory Rollers
Slipforms, Concrete Paving
Slurry Machines
Soil Stabilizing Equipment
Tandem Vibratory Rollers
Tub Grinders
Wood Chippers

Lifting & Concrete PlacementTruck Cranes
Truck Mounted Cranes
Tower Cranes
Telescoping Boom Aerial Platform, Truck and Trailer Mounted
Telescoping Boom Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
Vibrators, Concrete, Internal
Vibrators, External Form
Telescopic Crawler Cranes
Telehandlers
Concrete Pumps
Forklifts, Rough-Terrain Vertical-Mast
Concrete Conveyors
Bridge Inspection/Maintenance
Boom Trucks
Grapples
Lattice Boom Crawler Cranes
Scissor Lift Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
Scissor Lift Aerial Platform, Truck and Trailer Mounted
Rough Terrain Cranes
Power Trowels, Walk-Behind
Power Trowels, Ride-On
Articulating Boom Aerial Platform, Truck & Trailer Mounted
Articulating Boom Aerial Platform, Self Propelled
All Terrain Cranes

Light EquipmentBits, Masonry Core Drill
Blades, Concrete and Masonry Saw
All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
Air Tools and Accessories
Abrasive Blasting Equipment
Blades, Concrete Finish and Float
Cabinets, Storage, Tools, Etc.
Welding Equipment, Acetylene
Welding Equipment, Electrical
Vibratory, Walk-Behind Rollers
Vibratory Plate Compactors
Thawing Equipment (Also See Heaters)
Welding Power Units
Tampers, Ram Type
Radios: 2-Way, UHF, VHF, Etc.
Dust Collection Systems
Electric Generator Sets
Drills, Masonry Core
Demolition Tools
Compact Utility Vehicles
Generator, Mobile, Trailer-Mounted, Three-Phase
Generator, Skid-Mounted, Three-Phase
Pumps, Slurry
Pumps, Water
Portable Air Compressors
Light Towers, Portable Light Plants
Jackhammers, Hand Held

TruckingBodies, Trailer, Dump
Bodies, Truck, Dump
Bodies, Utility Types
Heavy-Duty Trucks, Class 7 & 8, >26,000 GVW
Medium-Duty Trucks, Classes 4 - 6, 14,001 to 26,000 GVW
Mixer Trucks, Concrete
Pickup Trucks, Classes 1 - 3, up to 14,000 GVW
Service Trucks
Snow Removal Equipment
Trailers, Bottom-Dump
Trailers, Bulk Materials
Trailers, End-Dump
Trailers, Flat-Bed and Platform
Trailers, Low-Bed, Equipment
Trailers, Side-Dump
Trailers, Special Purpose
Vehicles, Special Purpose, All-Wheel Drive
Water Trucks

AttachmentsAngle Brooms
Attachments for Compacting
Attachments for concrete and materials
Attachments for Fine Grading
Rakes
Rippers
Magnetic Sweepers
Loader Quick-Attach Couplers
Loader Attachment
Scrap Grapples
Shears, Crushers & Pulverizers
Wood and brush attachments
Wheel Loader Buckets
Tracks For Over Skid-Steer Wheels
Snow removal blades and attachments
Heavy-Duty Demolition Grapples
Grapple Forks
Booms and sticks
Boom-Mounted Tools & Accessories
Blades
Backhoe & Excavator Quick-Attach Couplers
Breakers
Cold-Planer & Milling Attachments
Dragline Buckets
Brush Grapples (Light Duty)
Buckets for loaders
Buckets for backhoes and excavators

RepairAir Compressors, Integral with Tractor
Batteries, Chargers and Service Equipment
Coolant
Crawler Undercarriage and Parts: Grousers, Shoes, Rollers, Links, Bushings, Pins, Idlers, Etc.
Diagnostic Test Equipment
Diesel Engines, 100 to 250 hp
Diesel Engines, Over 250 hp
Diesel Engines, Under 100 hp
Engines, Gasoline
Filters, Air, Engine
Filters, Fuel, Oil and Hydraulic
Filtration Equipment, Portable
Fluid Recovery and Recycling Systems
Fuel Analysis Services
Ground Engaging Tools
Hydraulic Hose
Lubricants and Grease
Lubricating Equipment, Truck- or Trailer-Mounted
Oil Analysis Equipment and Services
Oil Evacuation Systems
Steam Cleaners and Pressure Washers
Tire Accessories: Rims, Hubs, Etc.
Tire Spreaders and Removers
Tires, On- and Off-Highway

Safety EquipmentAlarms, Back-Up
Fall Protection, Prevention Devices
First Aid Supplies, Industrial
Goggles and Glasses
Safety Equipment for Construction
Trench Shoring Boxes and Systems

Theft PreventionTheft Prevention
Vehicle, Equipment, Security Locks

TechnologyConstruction Technology & Software
Construction Telematics
Electronic Grade Controls, GPS and Laser
Software, Equipment Management
Vehicle Dispatching Systems
Wireless Machine-Information Systems

 









 











 



 









Winmill Equipment Co., Inc.




 





Company Info 


 3 International Rd. 
 P.O. Box 4010 
 Windham, NH 03087-4010  
 US 
 Phone: 6034210777 
 Fax: 6035370533  
 E-mail: Linda@winmillequipment.com  
 Website: www.winmillequipment.com  

 







Videos























 



      Product categories    




 Asphalt Pavers, Wheeled
Sheepsfoot Rollers or Padfoot Rollers
Reclaimers and Recyclers, In-Place
Attachments
Paving & Materials Production
Articulated Dump Trucks, Off-Highway
Demolition Tools
Landfill Compactors
Cold Planers and Milling Machines
Rippers
Asphalt Pavers, Tracked
Heavy-Duty Demolition Grapples
Ground Engaging Tools
Trench Rollers
Underground Construction
Snow Removal Equipment
Vibratory Plate Compactors
Wheel Tractors
Magnetic Sweepers
Crawler Dozers
Crawler Loaders
Rakes
Wheel Loaders
Tampers, Ram Type
Earthmoving
Shears, Crushers & Pulverizers
Grapple Forks
Single Smooth Drum Vibratory Rollers
Angle Brooms
Scrap Grapples
Tandem Vibratory Rollers
Pneumatic Tire Rollers
Buckets for backhoes and excavators
Trucking
Crawler Tractors
  

 







compare specs  
 

 



Suppliers  




 



      Evaluations    




  
 Wheeled Excavator... 
 Wheeled excavators have a long way to go to match their popularity in...  

  
 Western Star XDs... 
 Western Star fields an off-road straight truck that’s also a tractor...  

  
 Kenworth T880S... 
 Kenworth’s latest vocational model meets weight-distribution...  


All Evaluations  
 



 



      Latest Headlines    




 Oklahoma to Be Site of Largest Wind Farm in the U.S.  

 US/Mex Border Wall Delayed by Bidder Protests  

 Safety Concerns Cause WDOT To Put Road Crews On Night Shift   

 Maine College Offers Construction Institute  

 Video Shows Drones, Robots, and 3D Printed Structures  


All News  
 



CE-Asphalt Pavers Wheeled,CE-Sheepsfoot Rollers or Padfoot Rollers,CE-Reclaimers and Recyclers In-Place,CE-Attachments,CE-Paving & Materials Production,CE-Articulated Dump Trucks Off-Highway,CE-Demolition Tools,CE-Landfill Compactors,CE-Cold Planers and Milling Machines,CE-Rippers,CE-Asphalt Pavers Tracked,CE-Heavy-Duty Demolition Grapples,CE-Ground Engaging Tools,CE-Trench Rollers,CE-Underground Construction,CE-Snow Removal Equipment,CE-Vibratory Plate Compactors,CE-Wheel Tractors,CE-Magnetic Sweepers,CE-Crawler Dozers,CE-Crawler Loaders,CE-Rakes,CE-Wheel Loaders,CE-Tampers Ram Type,CE-Earthmoving,CE-Shears Crushers & Pulverizers,CE-Grapple Forks,CE-Single Smooth Drum Vibratory Rollers,CE-Angle Brooms,CE-Scrap Grapples,CE-Tandem Vibratory Rollers,CE-Pneumatic Tire Rollers,CE-Buckets for backhoes and excavators,CE-Trucking,CE-Crawler Tractors 









 



 



 










 














Overlay Init










Winmill | We Make Things Happen






































 






















About WinMill Software
Founded in 1994, WinMill Software is a technology services company headquartered in New York City. We provide digital solutions tailored to our clients' specific business needs focusing in five core practice areas: Application Development, Project Management & Quality Assurance, Data Center Services, Project & Portfolio Management and Internet Security. We support the entire technology lifecycle, and we remain dedicated to providing exceptional service by building systems that make our clients more competitive. One of our hallmarks is a knowledge transfer process that maximizes the skills and intellect of your own team. WinMill's service excellence and steadfast commitment to delivering high-quality solutions is attributed to our dedicated employees. We hire the best and brightest people in the country. Rigorous cross training is an integral element of every career path. WinMill Software is renowned for its commitment to technical expertise, deep industry skills and an unwavering commitment to professionalism. 

 Triangle of SuccessWe attribute the success of our company to the capabilities of our employees, whose career-long learning is based on our Triangle of Success. We invest time, money and mind share into all three sides of the Triangle, resulting in well-rounded employees who bring the full package to every client engagement. 

Technology
The first side of the Triangle is technology. We are passionate about technology and are renowned across all of our practices for being the best of the best. Whether you are looking for .NET programmers, PMI certified project managers, CISSP certified network engineers, PPM architects or Identity and Access experts, you will never find a team more technically adept.  

Industry Knowledge
But technology isn't everything. WinMill has been in business since 1994, and over the years we've developed deep expertise in dozens of vertical industries. Experience in a given industry can take years to a mass, and is often more highly regarded than technical skills. We believe that learning our clients' business is critical to our success, and hence Industry Knowledge is the second side of the Triangle.   

Professionalism
In an age of profound individualism, Professionalism seems to have suffered the most collateral damage. Active listening, communication skills, teamwork, and respect don't seem to get the same credence as in years past, yet we would argue that these soft skills are more important than ever. At WinMill we focus intently on Professionalism. As the third side of our Triangle, we invest heavily in Professional training and mentoring. Professionalism helps to create the "whole person," and truly helps WinMill to distinguish itself in the market.  

 Statement of Principles
The core beliefs that guide WinMill constitute more than a mission statement; they are the foundation and ideal of all of our policies and actions. By our firm commitment to them, we are able to attract and retain the best people, advocate the best products, perform the best services, and serve the best clients. 


The Best People

Our excellence begins with an effective recruiting program. WinMill actively recruits and hires the very best and brightest people. Our hiring criteria are astonishingly simple: Loyalty, Motivation, Intelligence, and Experience. Those attracted by these few criteria will thrive at WinMill, rising to challenges through their own motivation. We understand that there is more to having the "Best People" than recruiting bright individuals. We provide our associates with superior training and an environment that nurtures success. We aim to create fulfilling career paths with highly competitive compensation. We are a dedicated group of enlightened and intelligent people. There are no issues that we cannot solve through face-to-face communication and straight talk. We treat each other and our clients with the utmost respect. Through education, mentoring and communication, we are committed to continual adaptation in order to meet the ever-changing demands of these times. We promote from within whenever possible. We are sincerely interested in the personal development and professional advancement of each and every employee because we firmly believe that increasing one's personal value benefits both the individual and the Company.  

The Best Products 

WinMill establishes partnerships with well-known hardware and software vendors. Our partners create market-leading hardware and software solutions that are in high demand by our clients. WinMill resells the products and provides consulting services around the products. 

We seek vendor partners that are committed to excellence in product development and support. We regularly provide feedback from our clients and from the marketplace to help our vendor partners improve their offerings. We actively pursue vendor and industry certifications. One of the highest levels of achievement for a WinMill employee is to be certified as an expert in one or more of our supported products. 

We have great partners today, but we are also well aware that times change and markets change. We are always looking for new products to support, as we carefully watch for the next big thing.
The Best Clients
Our clients come in all shapes and sizes, but they all view technology as a way to gain a competitive advantage. They are successful, innovative organizations with highly motivated management teams and extremely capable employees. They are leaders in their field, accustomed to great success. Our clients understand the value of quality and the need for careful planning. They are willing to pay the fair market price for excellent service. Our clients are companies that are as committed to WinMill's success as we are to theirs; they recognize that true partners are mutually respectful and uphold each other's principles. They are, in short, companies that we wish to imitate in many ways.
The Best Services

We believe that to strive for anything less than the highest ideals would sell our clients and ourselves short. What makes WinMill an exceptional company is that we set for ourselves the impossible goal of performing even the most routine tasks in an exceptional manner.
We look to outstanding companies as our model for success, and we owe much to those that have gone before us. We believe that by learning and imitating what others have done well, we build a better company on the shoulders of giants. Our commitment to excellence descends to the smallest detail and is guided by an unwavering resolution to do the right thing. Although we exist to serve our associates, our clients, and our investors, our greatest wish is for our clients to believe that our only reason for being is to serve them. We are ready for their calls and we are expecting their visits, so we strive to conduct ourselves in a warm, positive, and professional manner at all times. We maintain our ethical values at all times, because experience has taught us that consistency is the foundation of great service. 
































Services
Application DevelopmentCA PPMData Center & InfrastructureIdentity & Access ManagementProject Management & QAeMembership



Learn More
Contact UsCompanyCareersPartnersIn the NewsSuccess Stories





Connect with Us
FacebookTwitterYoutubeLinkedIn



Subscribe to our newsletter



	  Placeholder 
        





 

 420 Lexington Ave, Suite 455, New York, NY, 10170
inquiry@winmill.com
888-711-MILL (6455)  Copyright 2017 by WinMill Software, Inc.  








