




























Winslow Capital Management LLC Invests $345.14 Million in Biogen Inc. (BIIB) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Biogen Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Biogen Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC
Wells Fargo & Company MN Raises Stake in Athersys, Inc. (ATHX)
Castlight Health, inc. (CSLT) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ:CLMT) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday
Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday
Cinemark Holdings Inc (NYSE:CNK) to Release Earnings on Friday
Private Capital Management Inc. Has $866,000 Stake in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)
Cliftonlarsonallen Wealth Advisors LLC Has $1.87 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)
Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $163.13 Million Position in Coca-Cola Company (The) (NYSE:KO)
Usca Ria LLC Has $3.39 Million Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC Sells 1,239 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC)
Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Stake Held by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Shares Bought by Chicago Equity Partners LLC
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Shares Bought by Welch Group LLC
Chemung Financial Corp (NASDAQ:CHMG) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.17
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Orrstown Financial Services (NASDAQ:ORRF) Share Price
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Union Bankshares (NASDAQ:UNB) Share Price
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sientra (NASDAQ:SIEN) Stock Price
Umpqua Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:UMPQ) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share
Brokerages Anticipate Cathay General Bancorp (NASDAQ:CATY) Will Post Earnings of $0.59 Per Share



 


Winslow Capital Management LLC Invests $345.14 Million in Biogen Inc. (BIIB)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Winslow Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of  Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund bought 1,262,317 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock, valued at approximately $345,143,000. Biogen makes up  approximately  1.6% of Winslow Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Winslow Capital Management LLC owned approximately 0.60% of Biogen as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of BIIB. Dillon & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of  Biogen by 0.3% in the first quarter. Dillon & Associates Inc. now owns 1,785 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $487,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period.  Beacon Trust Co. increased its position in shares of  Biogen by 0.5% in the first quarter. Beacon Trust Co. now owns 1,135 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $328,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America increased its position in shares of  Biogen by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 839 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $229,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  Trust Co. of Vermont increased its position in shares of  Biogen by 0.3% in the first quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 2,412 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $660,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period.  Finally, Buckingham Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of  Biogen by 0.3% in the first quarter. Buckingham Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,452 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $670,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  87.47% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Biogen Inc. alerts:



Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ BIIB) opened at 282.92 on Friday. Biogen Inc. has a 52 week low of $244.28 and a 52 week high of $307.76. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $269.15 and its 200 day moving average price is $273.86. The company has a market capitalization of $60.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.72 and a beta of 0.78. 




Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The biotechnology company reported $5.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.97 by $0.23. The firm had revenue of $2.81 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.73 billion. Biogen had a net margin of 30.17% and a return on equity of 38.17%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $4.79 earnings per share.  On average, analysts predict that  Biogen Inc. will post $20.44 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally  reported by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/winslow-capital-management-llc-invests-345-14-million-in-biogen-inc-biib.html. 
A number of research analysts have commented on the company. Morgan Stanley  restated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $307.00 target price on shares of Biogen in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. UBS AG upgraded Biogen from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $262.00 to $270.00 in a research note on Monday, June 19th. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $318.00 target price on shares of Biogen in a research note on Tuesday, July 18th. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $310.00 target price on shares of Biogen in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on Biogen from $305.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Thirteen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $325.48.
In other Biogen news, Director Brian S. Posner sold 1,084 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $256.31, for a total transaction of $277,840.04. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 6,330 shares in the company, valued at $1,622,442.30. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP Paul J. Clancy sold 9,892 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $290.00, for a total transaction of $2,868,680.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 10,813 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,135,770. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,734 shares of company stock valued at $5,357,550 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own  0.32% of the company’s stock. 
Biogen Company Profile
Biogen Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering therapies to people living with serious neurological, rare and autoimmune diseases. The Company markets products, including TECFIDERA, AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, TYSABRI, ZINBRYTA and FAMPYRA for multiple sclerosis (MS), FUMADERM for the treatment of severe plaque psoriasis and SPINRAZA for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).







Receive News & Ratings for Biogen Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Apple Inc.  Shares Sold by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC





Castlight Health, inc.  Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN





Wells Fargo & Company MN Raises Stake in Athersys, Inc. 





Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday





Cigna Corporation  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday





Cinemark Holdings Inc  to Release Earnings on Friday






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































 




Home | Winslow Capital Management


































Winslow Capital





 




















Growing Forward
Winslow Capital is a premier growth equity investment firm grounded in fundamental investing. We seek growth opportunities in public and private markets globally. Our adherence to a disciplined investment approach is the hallmark of our success. We employ a rigorous, proven methodology rooted in robust primary research borne of deep industry relationships. Our tenured team of active equity managers is attuned to market dynamics. We remain dedicated to serving the needs of our clients and have shaped an organization, refined a culture and embraced an ethos of excellence that supports that mission in all we do.


Poised to deliver steady capital returns within a changing investment landscape; we help our clients navigate the future.










Q1 2017
View Large Cap Growth Factsheet





Q1 2017 Sector Update: IT
Patrick Burton provides insight on the Information Technology environment 
Watch Video 


December 2015 Thought Leadership
A Fundamental Resurgence for U.S. Large Cap Growth Equities
View White Paper 

 
 


















 




Products | Winslow Capital Management


































Winslow Capital





 










Strategies
As a client-centered Firm, we are accountable to our clients first and foremost. The decisions we make regarding the management of our current strategies and any potential new strategies are rooted in the perspective of what is best for our clients.  


We empower the researcher working closest to the source of fundamental information — the one with genuine insight — to make important investment decisions.




U.S. Large Cap Growth
International Small Cap





U.S. Large Cap Growth
The hallmark of our Firm’s investment approach is our adherence to a disciplined process in all market conditions. Our Investment Team has maintained the same philosophy and portfolio construction process for the past 18 years. Over this time, our process has been tested in virtually every market environment.
Our approach is balanced, in that we strive for consistent outperformance within the context of careful attention to risk management. Portfolios are constructed from the bottom-up based on proprietary fundamental research done by our Sector Portfolio Managers, each of whom have extensive analytical experience and sector specialization. By conducting their own research, our investment professionals stay close to the many sources of information that are used in their decision-making process. 


28 
Ten-member Investment Team with an average of 28 years industry experience (as of 4/1/2017)






Q1 2017
View Quarterly Report


Rigorous Research + Disciplined Process = Client Success

Focus
Specialists in managing growth equities; all large cap growth accounts managed essentially identicallyRepeatable process successfully tested during periods of volatilityMembers of the Firm have an equity interest


Expertise
Ten-member Large Cap Growth Investment Team1Seasoned professionals with an average of 28 years industry experience1Sector PM/Analysts conduct proprietary researchPurposeful portfolio construction is supported by a rigorous Sell discipline


Consistency(as of 3/31/17)
Same philosophy and process for nearly 18 years2Outperformed Russell 1000® Growth Index in 74% of rolling 3-year periods since April 1, 19992Outperformed Russell 1000® Growth Index in 100% of rolling 10-year periods since April 1, 19992Information Ratio in the top decile in eVestment U.S. Large Cap Growth Equity universe since April 1, 199921As of 4/1/2017.
2Justin Kelly joined the Firm as PM 4/1/99, the team has used the same investment process since that time.





Characteristics

Benchmark
Lead Portfolio Manager
Market Cap at Purchase
Typical Number of Holdings
Typical Active Share
Price to earnings ratios
Sectors Represented
Typical Maximum Position Size
Sector Exposure
Country Exposure
Typical Cash Exposure
Leverage Utilized
Derivatives Utilized
Stock Selection Process



U.S. Large Cap Growth

Russell 1000® Growth Justin Kelly > $4 Billion 55-65 60%-70% 10x – 40x All 5% +/- 10% Benchmark Weighting Predominately U.S. less than 10% No No Fundamental Bottom-Up 


International Small Cap

MSCI World ex USA Small Cap Steven Larson < $6 Billion 70-90 >90% 10x – 40x All 3% +/- 5% Benchmark Weighting +/- 5% Benchmark Weighting less than 5% No No Quantitative Ranking, Fundamental Bottom-Up 






International Small Cap
Consistent with Winslow Capital’s tradition of quality
growth investing, the investment philosophy of the International Equities Team is
grounded in fundamental research.  Our International Small Cap strategy is
guided by the principle that the best way to achieve consistent, competitive
results over time for our clients is through the integration of both systematic
and traditional fundamental research, combined with a disciplined investment
process.  The same investment research-driven approach of managing
international equities across the market capitalization spectrum has been
utilized since 2002.  This research process is both repeatable and
consistently applied.
The primary focus for delivering excess returns is bottom-up
stock selection across many countries and sectors, while disciplined portfolio
construction and risk management helps minimize unintended risks.  The
International Equities Team seeks to discover companies with improving fundamental
profiles and a high probability of outperformance by systematically evaluating
changes in fundamental information for stocks within regional peer groups. 
Our approach leverages technology to effectively narrow the large investment
universe to a group of high performance potential stocks that then undergo more
targeted, company-specific research.  We believe this approach to
investing provides the best opportunity for consistently achieving superior
portfolio returns over the long term. 


19 
Investment Team with an average of 19 years industry experience (as of 4/1/2017)






Q1 2017
View Quarterly Report


Rigorous Research + Disciplined Process = Client Success

Focus
Specialists in managing international equities, both small and large capPrimary focus on bottom-up stock selection across many countries and sectorsRepeatable process successfully tested during periods of volatilityMembers of the Firm have an equity interest


Expertise
Seasoned professionals with an average of 19 years industry experience1Proven and proprietary research tools provide a competitive advantage in stock selectionTeam conducts proprietary research on highest performance potential stocksDisciplined portfolio construction seeks to minimize unintended risks


Consistency(as of 3/31/17)
Outperformed MSCI World ex USA Small Cap Index in all rolling 3-year periods since inception (12/31/11)Top decile returns in eVestment EAFE Small Cap Core Equity universe since inception“All-weather” profile: significant downside protection and meaningful upside capture1As of 4/1/2017.





Characteristics

Benchmark
Lead Portfolio Manager
Market Cap at Purchase
Typical Number of Holdings
Typical Active Share
Price to earnings ratios
Sectors Represented
Typical Maximum Position Size
Sector Exposure
Country Exposure
Typical Cash Exposure
Leverage Utilized
Derivatives Utilized
Stock Selection Process



U.S. Large Cap Growth

Russell 1000® Growth Justin Kelly > $4 Billion 55-65 60%-70% 10x – 40x All 5% +/- 10% Benchmark Weighting Predominately U.S. less than 10% No No Fundamental Bottom-Up 


International Small Cap

MSCI World ex USA Small Cap Steven Larson < $6 Billion 70-90 >90% 10x – 40x All 3% +/- 5% Benchmark Weighting +/- 5% Benchmark Weighting less than 5% No No Quantitative Ranking, Fundamental Bottom-Up 



 
 



















Winslow Capital Management, LLC : Top Money Managers  





















Winslow Capital Group, LLC




















Home
Platform Technology
About Us
Services / Resources
Open Architecture?
Practice Management
Value Proposition
Manager Access
Contact Us















 We help institutions make better decisions about how to integrate and streamline a wealth management business

Integrating and streamlining platform technologies across the wealth business model
Controlling and reducing the manufacturing costs underpinning the wealth product
Helping institutions create automation and scale for the business but customization for their clients





Contact Us 

Download our most recent whitepapers
Achieving operational and financial scale in bank wealth business model

Using UMA to integrate a bank wealth setting





Home | 
About Us | 
Services | 
Considering Open Architecture? | 
Value Proposition

Practice Management | 
Manager Access | 
Adoption & Implementation | 
Industry Continuum | 
SMA and Overlay Concept

Planning and Education | 
De Novo Trust | 
Glossary of Terms | 
Mergers & Acquisitions | 
Contact Us

Fees | 
Firm Principal | 
Platform Technology | 
Privacy Policy | 

Disclosures & Disclaimers | 
Ready to Distribute?












  © 2016 Winslow Capital Group, LLC




























Winslow Capital Group, LLC - About Us








 















Home
Platform Technology
About Us
Services / Resources
Open Architecture?
Practice Management
Value Proposition
Manager Access
Contact Us















Winslow Capital Group, LLC (WCG)
We help institutions make better decisions about how to integrate and streamline a wealth management business 

How?

Integrating and streamlining platform technologies across the wealth business model
Controlling and reducing the manufacturing costs underpinning the wealth product
Helping institutions create automation and scale for the business but customization for their clients


The Problem we help organizations identify and overcome

Many bank trust divisions and investment advisers have an inefficient manufacturing and distribution process that has led to an inconsistent client experience and low profitability.

Trust divisions and investment advisers have been forced to cobble together combinations of accounting software, custodians, and spreadsheets to produce a functioning, but inefficient process with little distribution potential and ultimately constrained ability to produce the efficiency and profitability that should come from scale.

Why is scale elusive for many wealth management organizations?

Every client expects a custom portfolio, and every investment manager wishes to treat each client as an individual. Banks wish to offer a highly tailored client experience with a unique investment solution for each client as a tangible manifestation of good service. For most banks, therein lies the seed of inefficiency: bank trust divisions lack the ability to scale their business models because the work flow involved in customizing each client portfolio is almost entirely manual. In an environment where customization is largely through manual process, there can be no common client experience because each portfolio manager/account administrator becomes an operational island unto himself/herself and creates a different investment process and product for each client. Where there is inconsistency in the application of the investment process, the potential to distribute a commonly manufactured investment discipline is impossible. Once the customization process becomes manual, the ability to operate an efficient business that delivers a consistent investment product with comparable performance results across an entire client base, at scale, is lost. When scale is absent, an inconsistent investment process and low profitability become the unintended symptoms of the problem.

Make better decisions about these types of issues:

where to streamline and where standalone technology is the right choice;
which operating model and technology framework drives automation and scale;
which technologies are necessary and which are redundant;
finding and making the right vendor choice;
get a truly competitive and comparative price analysis of your vendor(s);
which key trends in the industry will drive competitiveness and profitability;
how to control the cost of third party managers;
how to migrate performance & attribution at the lowest possible cost;
how to customize tax expense and risk management at the client level and across your client base, simultaneously;
how to blend proprietary disciplines with third party managers at the lost possible cost;
how to drive growth in AUM and revenue.








Home | 
About Us | 
Services | 
Considering Open Architecture? | 
Value Proposition

Practice Management | 
Manager Access | 
Adoption & Implementation | 
Industry Continuum | 
SMA and Overlay Concept

Planning and Education | 
De Novo Trust | 
Glossary of Terms | 
Mergers & Acquisitions | 
Contact Us

Fees | 
Firm Principal | 
Platform Technology | 
Privacy Policy | 

Disclosures & Disclaimers | 
Ready to Distribute?









  © 2016 Winslow Capital Group, LLC












Winslow Capital Management Has Lifted Lululemon Athletica (LULU) Holding; Shorts at British American Tobacco Plc Adr (BTI) Raised By 1.24% - Money Making Articles Hot Stuff






 


















 





















 




































All News
Business
Tech

Tech
Finance
About
Contributors
Contacts




Today's Date:  Saturday, July 29th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						





Winslow Capital Management Has Lifted Lululemon Athletica (LULU) Holding; Shorts at British American Tobacco Plc Adr (BTI) Raised By 1.24%


					
						July 26, 2017 - By Dolores Ford

 British American Tobacco Plc Adr (NYSE:BTI) had an increase of 1.24% in short interest. BTI’s SI was 53.49M shares in July as released by FINRA. Its up 1.24% from 52.84 million shares previously. With 2.21M avg volume, 24 days are for British American Tobacco Plc Adr (NYSE:BTI)’s short sellers to cover BTI’s short positions. About 22.44 million shares traded or 263.11% up from the average. British American Tobacco PLC (ADR) (NYSE:BTI) has risen 17.78% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 1.08% the S&P500.







Winslow Capital Management Llc increased Lululemon Athletica Inc (LULU) stake by 27.83% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Winslow Capital Management Llc acquired 638,183 shares as Lululemon Athletica Inc (LULU)’s stock declined 26.14%. The Winslow Capital Management Llc holds 2.93 million shares with $190.50 million value, up from 2.29M last quarter. Lululemon Athletica Inc now has $8.39 billion valuation. The stock declined 0.61% or $0.38 reaching $61.52 on the news. About 515,247 shares traded. Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) has declined 19.33% since July 26, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 36.03% the S&P500.
British American Tobacco p.l.c. is a tobacco and next generation products company. The company has market cap of $128.51 billion. The Company’s tobacco product range includes cigarettes, fine cut and Swedish-style snus. It has a 21.37 P/E ratio. The Company’s divisions include Asia-Pacific, Americas, Western Europe, and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (EEMEA).
Winslow Capital Management Llc decreased Danaher Corp (NYSE:DHR) stake by 1.69M shares to 4.00M valued at $311.22M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Kansas City Southn Inds Inc Co (NYSE:KSU) stake by 2.70M shares and now owns 25 shares. Servicenow Inc (NYSE:NOW) was reduced too. 
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.91 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.12, from 1.03 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 51 investors sold LULU shares while 108 reduced holdings. 48 funds opened positions while 97 raised stakes. 114.20 million shares or 6.39% less from 121.99 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Balyasny Asset Management Lc owns 526,012 shares or 0.18% of their US portfolio. Alpine Woods Lc holds 0.02% or 6,000 shares. Glenmede Co Na invested 0% of its portfolio in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU). Schroder Investment Management Grp holds 670,998 shares. Van Eck Assoc Corp reported 1,609 shares. Asset Mgmt Inc owns 14,176 shares or 0.02% of their US portfolio. First Manhattan has 45 shares for 0% of their portfolio. Caisse De Depot Et Placement Du Quebec holds 0% of its portfolio in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) for 12,400 shares. Tradewinds Cap Management Limited Liability Company invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU). Northern Tru invested 0.01% in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU). Products Limited Liability Corp reported 101,208 shares stake. Sei Invests Co invested 0.04% in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU). Envestnet Asset Management Inc owns 1,900 shares. Westpac Bk Corp has 0% invested in Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU). Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) reported 24,529 shares.
Among 38 analysts covering Lululemon Athletica Inc. (NASDAQ:LULU), 18 have Buy rating, 2 Sell and 18 Hold. Therefore 47% are positive. Lululemon Athletica Inc. had 117 analyst reports since August 18, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Thursday, March 31 the stock rating was maintained by Citigroup with “Buy”. Goldman Sachs maintained the shares of LULU in report on Thursday, September 29 with “Sell” rating. Credit Suisse upgraded Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) on Friday, October 16 to “Outperform” rating. The company was maintained on Monday, August 15 by Telsey Advisory Group. Bank of America upgraded the shares of LULU in report on Thursday, December 8 to “Neutral” rating. The firm has “Hold” rating by Canaccord Genuity given on Thursday, December 10. Deutsche Bank maintained the shares of LULU in report on Thursday, June 9 with “Hold” rating. The company was downgraded on Thursday, March 30 by Citigroup. The stock of Lululemon Athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) has “Hold” rating given on Tuesday, July 25 by Stifel Nicolaus. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Thursday, September 17 by M Partners.

 - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.







By Dolores Ford


  

 



 
 
Free Email Newsletter
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







  Recent Posts 

Westwood Holdings Group Cut Its J2 Global (JCOM) Holding; Bar Harbor Bankshares (NYSEMKT:BHB) Shorts Raised By 11.46%


Manning and Napier (MN) Reaches $4.05 After 6.00% Down Move, Winnebago Industries (WGO) Has 1.42 Sentiment


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Reaches $7.53 After 9.00% Up Move; BLUESTEM GROUP (BGRP) Shorts Down By 17.86%


Fortaleza Asset Management Lowered By $793,100 Its Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Stake; Victory Capital Management Decreased Allegheny Technologies (ATI) Holding By $5.20 Million


Boothbay Fund Management Raised By $425,952 Its Adobe Sys (ADBE) Stake, Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Fielmann AG (ETR:FIE)


Kbc Group Nv Lowered By $2.20 Million Its International Flavors&Fragra (IFF) Holding; Victory Capital Management Has Increased Coherent (COHR) Stake By $2.40 Million


Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Lifted Msa Safety (MSA) Position; Ramco Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT)’s Sentiment Is 1.4


United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund Trimmed Philip Morris (PM) Position By $16.29 Million, Last Week Petroleum Geo-Services ASA (ADR) (PGSVY) Coverage


Macquarie Reconfirms a “Buy” Rating on American Tower (AMT) and $150.0000 Target, Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Had 3 Bullish Analysts


Teachers Retirement System Of The State Of Kentucky Boosted Visteon (VC) Stake By $837,375, Donald Smith & Company Lowered Its Horace Mann Educators (HMN) Position


  








© Copyright 2016 MMAHotStuff - mmahotstuff.com - All Rights Reserved. -  About - Editorial - Contact














            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	  

























Winslow Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback






































winslow capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Winslow Capital Management, LLC offers financial services. The Company provides services including investment advisory and investment management. Winslow Capital Management operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

4720 IDS Tower
80 South Eighth Street
Minneaplois, MN 55402
United States


Phone:
1-612-376-9100


Fax:
1-612-376-9111


Web url:
www.nuveen.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Clark J Winslow


CEO/Founder




Michael S Palmer


President




Patrick M Burton


Managing Director/Co-Portfolio Mgr




Stephanie A Simon


Managing Director/Portfolio Mgr




Kelly A Flynn


Managing Director/Analyst




Steven M Hamill


Managing Director/Analyst




Michael E Hoover


Managing Director/Analyst




Mitchell A Kaiser


Managing Director/Analyst




Roger Mendel


Managing Director/Analyst




John A Maschoff


Mng Dir:Marketing & Client Svc




Barry F Peters


Mng Dir:Marketing & Client Svc




Stephen E Clear


Mng Dir:Marketing & Client Svc




Justin H Kelly


Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Portfolio Mgr




Laura J Hawkins


Chief Compliance OFC/CRO




Sherri A Hlavacek


VP/Controller



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































Winslow Capital Management, Inc.





































In order to bring you the best possible user experience, this site uses Javascript. If you are seeing this message, it is likely that the Javascript option in your browser is disabled. For optimal viewing of this site, please ensure that Javascript is enabled for your browser.






Login
Register





















































Home
Equity
Winslow Capital Management, Inc.



       E-mail Print 














Winslow Capital Management, Inc.

Founded in 1992, Winslow Capital Management, LLC specializes in managing growth portfolios for institutional investors. Winslow Capital currently manages assets for mutual fund shareholders, institutional and corporate investors, and SMA and UMA platforms for multiple sponsors.
 


Choose What You Would Like to Learn About Today



Investment Process
Winslow's investment process is fundamentally driven with an underlying valuation discipline. The team takes a "bottom-up" approach, basing decisions primarily on company-specific factors rather than general economic conditions.
Learn More »


Strategy
Winslow Capital's portfolios focus on growth stock portfolios. These include companies that demonstrate long-term sustainable earnings growth, quality companies with cyclical growth in the right part of the cycle, and companies in newer industries with rapid growth potential.
Learn More »


Investment Team
The investment team has used the same philosophy and process since April 1, 1999. They are seasoned professionals with an average of 26 years of analytical experience. Furthermore, each Portfolio Manager has a background in equity research, which is important as the team conducts their own research rather than relying on third party research.
Learn More »












More Equity

Epoch »
Cornerstone »



Visit the web site »









Stay in Touch

Contact Us
877-742-6951, Option 2
ria@mainstayfunds.com




























