










 







Winton Global Alpha Fund | Advisers | Macquarie





































 




















Welcome to Macquarie

To help us tailor your experience, please select an option below

Personal
Business
Corporate & Institutional
Advisers
 

Important note
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience.
						Read more
























Diversification to traditional portfolios
  





What the Winton Global Alpha Fund offers









               Specialist strategy
            

               Access to Winton’s scientific approach to investment
            






               Diversified approach
            

               Actively traded portfolio of around 100 futures markets across various sectors
            






               Low correlation
            

               Potential for positive returns in rising and falling markets
            











View monthly performance report


View client flyer
View client quarterly fund snapshot


All investments carry risk. Different investments carry different levels of risk, depending on the investment strategy and the underlying assets. Generally, the higher the potential return of an investment, the greater the risk.
The risks of investing in this fund include:

Market risk: Changes in the prices of futures positions held by the fund may result in loss of principal or large movements in the unit price of the fund within short or long periods of time. Global and local economic, financial, political, technological and environmental factors can drive changes in the prices of futures positions. It is not possible to predict the occurrence or magnitude of these and other potentially relevant factors. Different factors may affect the price of individual futures positions, particular asset classes (such as shares, bonds, interest rates, currencies and commodities) or futures positions generally at different times.
Leverage risk: Arises when the fund takes on positions that are greater in size than its assets. The fund will take leveraged positions with the aim of increasing returns which can also lead to increased losses. Leverage arises in the fund through taking both long and short futures positions which are larger in size than the net asset value of the fund. While this process forms a key part of the investment strategy, it may mean that gains and losses may be significantly greater than those in a fund that is not leveraged. The fund employs significant leverage and this may result in a loss of some or all of the fund's capital.
Strategy, model and research risk: Winton's investment approach is based on research into past data and the application of that research to the development of mathematical models that attempt to forecast returns, risk, correlation and transaction costs. Many of these models are trend following models that attempt to identify and exploit market trends. Mathematical models are representations of reality but they may be incomplete and/or flawed and there is an inherent risk that any forecasts derived from them may be inaccurate, particularly if the research or models are based on, or incorporate, inaccurate assumptions or data. Assumptions or data may be inaccurate from the outset or may become inaccurate as a result of many factors such as, changes in market structure, increased government intervention in markets or growth in assets managed in accordance with similar investment strategies. In particular, such factors may make Winton’s trend following models less effective because they may lessen the prospect of identified trends occurring or continuing in the future. As a result of the foregoing, the investment system may not generate profitable trading signals and the fund may suffer a loss.

For a full description of the risks of investing in the fund, you should read the Product Disclosure Statement before deciding to invest. 








Latest fund updates
















Learn more

Watch video (5:14)






Learn more



About managed futures
05 Jul 2017


Learn about how managed futures work by viewing this video featuring Winton Capital Founder and CEO David Harding.












Online education




No more practice – Money Masters Series
This masterclass, led by Andy Grimes and worth one CPD hour, will explore how the Winton Global Alpha Fund can help to diversify an investor’s portfolio, what kinds of investors are best suited to the Winton Global Alpha Fund and the signals the fund utilises to identify investment opportunities.
Start now










Detailed fund information



       Winton Capital Management Limited (Winton) is a global investment management company, based in London. Winton focuses on achieving absolute returns through advanced statistical research into financial markets. Winton was founded in 1997 by David Harding, one of the pioneers of trend-following systematic trading. It has since become a leader in the specialised field of managed futures and is now one of the largest Commodity Trading Advisers in the world.
    



       The Winton Global Alpha Fund aims to generate long-term total returns from a specialist managed futures strategy.
    

       Futures are contracts that allow investors to buy or sell an asset (for example commodities, equities, bonds) on a specified future date at an agreed price.
    

       The fund can potentially benefit from rising and falling markets, taking advantage of either a rise in the underlying price (if it takes a 'long' position) or a fall in the underlying price (if it takes a 'short' position).
    



       Winton aims to achieve strong long-term returns without relying on general growth in asset values. It pursues a diversified trading strategy and targets risk, not return.
    

       The fund trades approximately 100 global futures markets, across categories such as share indices, bonds, interest rates, currencies and commodities.
    

       Winton further believes that trading strategies, by their nature, need to be constantly updated in order to maintain their competitive edge. For this reason, Winton invests heavily in a program of statistical research.
    

       The Winton Investment System, largely automated and based on mathematical models derived through statistical research, is a result of over 25 years of scientific research into financial markets.
    

       The investment team:
    


        accesses a world of data from thousands of markets including economic statistics, weather records, demographic data and much more
      

        extracts meaning from noisy market data
      

        gains an edge by detecting subtle patterns in the way markets move to make market predictions.
      




Latest performance report
Fund performance



Management fee: 1.78% pa (of net asset value of fund and inclusive of GST).
Performance fee: 16.4% (inclusive of the net impact of GST) of the dollar value of net profit (if any) from futures trading, provided that any carried forward losses from futures trading have been made up and payable to Winton.
Read the Product Disclosure Statement and any PDS Update for more details on fees and expenses that may be charged.



       Generally twice a year
    



Lonsec1 – Investment grade


Zenith2 – Recommended


Morningstar3 – four star Morningstar RatingTM as at 30 June 2017


Morningstar3 – Silver Morningstar Analyst RatingTM (assigned 2 April 2017)

These reports are only available to licensed financial advisers on request. Please contact your local BDM.


Available on:

AMP North
AMP Personalised Portfolio Service
AMP WealthView
Asgard
BT Panarama
BT Wrap
Colonial FirstWrap
Hub 24
IOOF
Macquarie Wrap
MLC Wrap
Navigator
Netwealth
Oasis
PortfolioCare
OnePath PortfolioOne







 



Prices

Unit prices
Distribution information






Performance

Latest performance report
Fund performance






Product documents

Product Disclosure Statement and Application Form
Client flyer






View all tools

 






Related articles



 





							Did you mean [[state.suggestion]]?
						
 

Sorry! [[state.errorMessage]]
						

Sorry! No results found, try different keywords.
						




Expertise Articles





Market insights
Beats, meets and misses: a stock picker’s guide to the 2017 reporting season



 






Market insights
Animal spirits or a biased leap in assumptions?



 






Market insights
Should you time the stock market?



 






Market insights
Reflecting on the importance of your asset manager being unconstrained



 





  











Find out how we can help










       If you'd like to speak to a Macquarie Business Development Manager about how we can help, get in touch.
    




Talk to Macquarie









         Important Information
      

         Restricted to financial services professionals
      

         This information on this website is provided for the use of financial services professionals only. In no circumstances is it to be used by a potential investor for the purposes of making a decision about a financial product or class of products.
      

         In order to proceed, please confirm that you are a financial services professional by clicking 'I accept'.
      













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Matthew David Beddall: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:31 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Winton Capital Group Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Matthew David Beddall  Chief Investment Officer and Executive Director, Winton Capital Group LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships----
Background

		Mr. Matthew David Beddall serves as the Chief Investment Officer and Director of Winton Capital Management Limited. Mr. Beddall serves as Portfolio Manager of The Advisors Inner Circle Fund III - Rothschild Larch Lane Alternatives Fund, Winton Capital US LLC and Winton Series Trust - European Equity Portfolio. He has been Chief Investment Officer of Winton Capital Group Limited since 2008 and serves as its Executive Director. He is part of the research department and ... is responsible for the operation, risk oversight, and research behind Winton Capital Group's investment system. Mr. Beddall has vast experience in research and software development. He earned a M.Sc. in Applied Statistics from Birkbeck College, London and a First Class Honors degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from Southampton University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Grove HouseLondon, Greater London X0 W6 0NEUnited KingdomPhone: 44 2085 765 800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chief Investment OfficerWinton Capital Management LimitedChief Investment Officer and Executive DirectorWinton Capital Group Limited
Education
Honors Degree University of SouthamptonMS Birkbeck College London
Other Affiliations
University of SouthamptonWinton Capital Management LimitedBirkbeck College LondonThe Advisors Inner Circle Fund III - Rothschild Larch Lane Alternatives FundWinton Capital US LLCWinton Series Trust - Winton Global Equity PortfolioWinton Series Trust - Winton European Equity PortfolioWinton Series Trust - Winton U.S. Equity PortfolioWinton Series Trust - Winton International Equity Portfolio


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Winton Capital Group Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Winton Hog Bristle Artist Brushes Painting Crafts division of Hofcraft The Painters Source



















































JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.






Painting Crafts




Welcome to Discount Artist Brushes!

My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In






Home
																			  »
												


Brushes
																										  »
												


Winsor & Newton
																										  »
												


Long Handle
																										  »
												


Winton Series
																										  »
												


Winsor Newton Winton Bright Artist Brushes





Search


All


All

                    Brushes                

                    Painting and Palette Knives                

                    Special Effects Tools                

















Go


 









 



Winsor Newton Winton Bright Artist Brushes


Winton Bright artist brushes are great short flat hog bristle brushes with long green handles for students. Professionals like them too. Made from high quality hog bristle they are tough brushes that last for years. Winsor & Newton quality you can trust.











Product Description
Additional Information
Product Tags

 Details

        Winton Bright artist brushes are great short flat hog bristle brushes with long green handles for students. Professionals like them too. Made from high quality hog bristle they are tough brushes that last for years. Winsor & Newton quality you can trust.    

 Additional Information





Brush Shape
Shaders/Flat Shader/Brights


Brush Material
Hog Bristle


Paint Type
Oils


Brush Series
Winsor Newton Winton Hog Bristle Brushes


condition
N/A






Product Tags


Add Your Tags:





Add Tags




Use spaces to separate tags. Use single quotes (') for phrases.






Availability: In stock






Product Name
Price
Qty




Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 1



Regular Price:

                    $7.39                


Special Price:

                    $3.70                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 2



Regular Price:

                    $8.09                


Special Price:

                    $4.05                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 3



Regular Price:

                    $8.39                


Special Price:

                    $4.20                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 4



Regular Price:

                    $9.39                


Special Price:

                    $4.70                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 6



Regular Price:

                    $11.99                


Special Price:

                    $6.00                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 8



Regular Price:

                    $14.99                


Special Price:

                    $7.50                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 10



Regular Price:

                    $20.39                


Special Price:

                    $10.20                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 12



Regular Price:

                    $29.79                


Special Price:

                    $14.90                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 14



Regular Price:

                    $34.99                


Special Price:

                    $17.50                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 16



Regular Price:

                    $44.99                


Special Price:

                    $22.50                








Winton Hog Bristle - Bright size 18



Regular Price:

                    $56.79                


Special Price:

                    $28.40                












Add to Cart

OR

Add to Wishlist
| Add to Compare










Category Navigation:


Brushes


Bob Ross


Dewberry One Stroke Brushes


Jen Foam Brushes


Loew Cornell Brushes


Plaid Folk Art Brushes


Princeton Art and Brush Company


Raphael


Robert Simmons


Royal and Langnickel


Specialty


Susan Scheewe Brushes


Winsor & Newton


Short Handle


Long Handle


Winton Series


University Series






Yasutomo Brushes




Painting and Palette Knives


Special Effects Tools






Compare Products                    


You have no items to compare.












Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us




Newsletter Sign-up:



Submit



Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs (ver. 1.5.1.0)







Winsor Newton Winton Bright Artist Brushes


											Starting at: $3.70

 - In stock																


Brand: 92


 





















Winton Series Trust in Oaks, PA - (610) 676-1000 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Winton Series Trust

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Winton Series Trust



1 Freedom Valley Dr
Oaks, PA 19456






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        610-676-1000
                    



Website:







There are 

31
                Companies located at 1 Freedom Valley Dr, Oaks, PA 19456
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Winton Series Trust is located in Oaks, Pennsylvania. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Winton Series Trust is estimated to generate $80,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Winton Series Trust


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 80,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 19456






Percentage Population



669
White
12
Hispanic
18
Black
56
Asian
8
Native American
0
Hawaiian
3
Other


90.8 %
White
1.6 %
Hispanic
2.4 %
Black
7.6 %
Asian
1.1 %
Native American
0.0 %
Hawaiian
0.4 %
Other













Population




Population 
737




Female50.6%373


Male49.4%364




Median Age

40.6




Female41.3


Male39.9






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Winton Series Trust?





Winton Series Trust has approximately 2 employees at this location.







What is the phone number for Winton Series Trust?





The phone number for Winton Series Trust is (610) 676-1000







Where is Winton Series Trust located?





Winton Series Trust is located at 1 Freedom Valley Dr, Oaks, PA 19456.









Is there a key contact at Winton Series Trust?





You can contact Winton Series Trust at (610) 676-1000







What are the annual sales for Winton Series Trust?





Winton Series Trust generates approximately $80,000 in annual sales.







How big is Winton Series Trust?





Winton Series Trust is estimated to generate $80,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







How long has Winton Series Trust been in business?





Winton Series Trust has been in business for approximately 3 years.







Are there other companies located at 1 Freedom Valley Dr, Oaks, PA?





There are 31 commercial tenants at 1 Freedom Valley Dr, Oaks, PA.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 19456






Average House Value


                                $ 292,600
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 112,961
                            



Number of Households

273



Persons per Household

2.70













Number of Businesses

108



Number of Employees

0



Land Area (square miles)

0.410



Water Area (square miles)

0.012



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close
































SEC Info - Winton Series Trust - ‘N-8F/A’ on 6/9/17 - Filing Submission










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Winton Series Trust – ‘N-8F/A’ on 6/9/17On:  Friday, 6/9/17, at 3:39pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1135428-17-596   ·   File #:  811-23004
Previous ‘N-8F’:  ‘N-8F’ on 5/16/17   ·   Latest ‘N-8F’:  This Filing



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 6/09/17  Winton Series Trust               N-8F/A                 1:11K                                    Printerlink Comms Gp/FAF-->Amendment to Application for Deregistration by a Registered Investment Company   —   Form N-8FFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-8F/A      Amendment to Application for Deregistration by a       7     17K 
                          Registered Investment Company                          

_-->Filing Submission 0001135428-17-000596 – SGML TextRaw SGML-Tagged Text that was Submitted by:  Printerlink Communications Group/FA  (as Filing Agent)Show all <DOCUMENT> <TEXT> elements below                  ↑Top ↓Bottom 
<SUBMISSION>                                                                    
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>		20170609153919
<ACCESSION-NUMBER>		0001135428-17-000596
<TYPE>				N-8F/A
<PUBLIC-DOCUMENT-COUNT>		1
<FILING-DATE>			20170609
<DATE-OF-FILING-DATE-CHANGE>	20170609
<FILER>
<COMPANY-DATA>
<CONFORMED-NAME>		Winton Series Trust
<CIK>				0001621877
<IRS-NUMBER>			000000000
<STATE-OF-INCORPORATION>	DE
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>		1031
</COMPANY-DATA>
<FILING-VALUES>
<FORM-TYPE>			N-8F/A
<ACT>				40
<FILE-NUMBER>			811-23004
<FILM-NUMBER>			17902763
</FILING-VALUES>
<BUSINESS-ADDRESS>
<STREET1>			ONE FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVE
<CITY>				OAKS
<STATE>				PA
<ZIP>				19456
<PHONE>				610-676-1000
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>
<MAIL-ADDRESS>
<STREET1>			ONE FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVE
<CITY>				OAKS
<STATE>				PA
<ZIP>				19456
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
</FILER>
</SUBMISSION>↑Top
Filing Submission 0001135428-17-000596   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 07:31:42.2 GMT 
