










 





Insider Trading - Winter Michael R - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Winter Michael R





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-05-12Purchase
2016-05-1309:19 am
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
2,000
$7.13
$14,260
7,866(Direct)
View


2015-06-09Purchase
2015-06-1210:00 am
Allied Motion Technologies Inc
AMOT
Winter Michael RDirector
2,000
$24.99
$49,980
6,743(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-04Option Award
2016-10-043:34 pm
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
649
$0
9,234(Direct)
View


2016-09-19Option Award
2016-09-213:17 pm
N/AN/A
Allied Motion Technologies Inc
AMOT
Winter Michael RDirector
584
$0
9,663(Direct)
View


2016-07-25Option Award
2016-07-262:59 pm
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
719
$0
8,585(Direct)
View


2016-05-04Option Award
2016-05-063:29 pm
N/AN/A
Allied Motion Technologies Inc
AMOT
Winter Michael RDirector
2,336
$0
9,079(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-015:02 pm
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
631
$0
5,866(Direct)
View


2016-01-27Option Award
2016-01-2909:45 am
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
500
$0
5,235(Direct)
View


2015-10-12Option Award
2015-10-1410:20 am
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
500
$0
4,735(Direct)
View


2015-04-29Acquisition
2015-08-1011:40 am
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
34
$10
3,735(Direct)
View


2015-04-29Acquisition
2015-08-1011:40 am
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
34
$9.98
3,735(Direct)
View


2015-08-03Option Award
2015-08-056:27 pm
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
500
$0
4,235(Direct)
View


2015-06-24Option Award
2015-06-265:28 pm
N/AN/A
Gas Natural Inc.
EGAS
Winter Michael RDirector
1,167
$0
3,667(Direct)
View


2015-03-04Option Award
2015-03-064:37 pm
N/AN/A
Allied Motion Technologies Inc
AMOT
Winter Michael RDirector
1,815
$0
4,743(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 02:30:25 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










:..MICHAEL WINTER DESIGNS :: PRODUCTS..:
























HOME | ABOUT US | PRODUCTS | GALLERY | CONTACT


 





Michael R Winter - Robinson, KS | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael R Winter in Robinson, KS


Michael R Winter

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael R Winter  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Robinson, KS.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Michael R Winter is in his 60s

Michael Has Lived In

Robinson, KS
Kansas City, MO
Hiawatha, KS

Michael's Relatives

Deborah Taylor
David Winter
Andi Winter
Deann Winter







Michael R Winter



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael R Winter
Get a Criminal Check on Michael R Winter
Get a Public Record Report on Michael R Winter
Get a People Search Report on Michael R Winter


Michael R Winter's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael R Winter has lived as well as Michael R Winter's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael R Winter Has Lived in 3 States
Kansas Address for Michael R Winter


2670 T******* R* 

Robinson, KS


Has Lived In

Robinson, KS
Kansas City, MO


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael R Winter

(785) ***-**** - Hiawatha, KS 
(913) ***-**** - Hiawatha, KS 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael R Winter



Get Email Report




Michael R Winter's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael R Winter


Michael R Winter's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael R Winter's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Winter
Username Matches

                  MichaelWinter
                  WinterMichael
                  Michael.Winter
                  Winter.Michael
                  Michael_Winter
                  Winter_Michael
                  Michael-Winter
                  Winter-Michael
                  MWinter
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Winter







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Michael R. Pinsky - Member at Winter Institute for Simulator Education and Research



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael R. Pinsky
Member at Winter Institute for Simulator Education and Research



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments 


Michael R. Pinsky
Member at Winter Institute for Simulator Education and Research



 Overview



Notable Companies


University of Pittsburgh

Intelomed, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 927 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Patricia E. Beeson

Professor of Economics & Public Policy at University of Pittsburgh




Alberta M. Sbragia

Vice Provost, Graduate Studies at University of Pittsburgh





Mark Redfern

Vice Provost for Research at University of Pittsburgh




George E. Klinzing

Former Chair, Council on Academic Computing at University of Pittsburgh





Jennifer Woodward

Associate Vice Provost, Research Operations at University of Pittsburgh




Laurie J. Kirsch

Vice Provost for Faculty Development at University of Pittsburgh





Steve Husted

Interim Dean, University Honors College at University of Pittsburgh




John Keeler

Dean, Graduate School of Public & International Affairs at University of Pittsburgh





Theresa J. Colecchia

Associate General Counsel at University of Pittsburgh




Michelle S. Broido

Co-Director/Clinical & Translational Science Institute at University of Pittsburgh







See 917 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 917 More 


 


 Paths to Michael R. Pinsky



            Michael R. Pinsky          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael R. Pinsky






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael R. Pinsky.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Doctorate Degree 


McGill University

                  McGill University is a public research university located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Founded in 1821 during the British colonial era, the university bears the name of James McGill, a prominent Montreal merchant from Glasgow, Scotland and alumnus of Glasgow University, whose bequest formed the beginning of the university.                




Doctorate Degree 


University of Paris V

                  Paris Descartes University encompasses all the fields of knowledge of human and health sciences.                





 Career History



Member

                                    Current                


Winter Institute for Simulator Education and Research






Professional

                                    Current                


Magee-Womens Hospital of UPMC








                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


UPMC Presbyterian Shadyside






Medical Attendee

                                    Prior                


Veterans Administration Medical Center


                  Veterans Administration Medical Center is an American private company located in San Diego, CA. The firm provides healthcare services.                




Co-Founder

                                    2005 - Prior                


Intelomed, Inc.


                  Intelomed, Inc. provides medical technology services. It offers CVInsight, a monitor that displays changes in a patient’s cardiovascular state during physical stress. The company was founded by Michael R. Pinsky, Juan Carlos Puyana and Jan Berkow in 2005 and is headquartered in Wexford, PA.                




President

                                    Prior                


University of Pittsburgh


                  The University of Pittsburgh is among the nation's oldest and most distinguished comprehensive universities, with a wide variety of high-quality programs in the arts and sciences as well as professional fields.

Pitt is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU), which comprises 62 preeminent doctorate-granting research institutions in North America                




Visiting Professor

                                    Prior                


Université Libre de Bruxelles


                  The Free University of Brussels was a university in Brussels, Belgium. In 1969, it split into the French-speaking Université Libre de Bruxelles and the Dutch-speaking Vrije Universiteit Brussel.

The two universities continue to collaborate, and are together referred to as the Brussels Free Universities.                




Medical Attendee

                                    Prior                


University of Pittsburgh Medical Center


                  University of Pittsburgh Medical Center is a non-profit organization that provides hospital health programs and services. It is organized into the following operating units; Provider services, Insurance services, UPMC International, and UPMC Enterprises. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman, Scientific Advisory Board

                    Current                  


Syncro Medical Innovations, Inc.

                    Syncro Medical Innovations, Inc. develops magnetically guided small bowel feeding tubes. The firm delivers nutritional support fast to ICU, trauma, and burn patients. The company was founded by Sabry Aziz Gabriel in 1998 and is headquartered in Macon, GA.                  




Member, Advisory Board

                    Prior                  


Applied Physiology Pty Ltd.

                    Applied Physiology developed and commercializes guidance devices for use in the critical care environment. Navigator™, the flagship product, focuses on hemodynamic management.Applied Physiology aims to develop products that make life easier for the clinician. The devices continuously acquire physiological data from conventional monitors and use it to create a graphical depiction of the patient position, and continuous advice on the next therapy.Applied Physiology's devices enable the implementation of targeted therapy to optimize care and outcomes. The clinician specifies target ranges for the variables being monitored. The devices graphically display the patient position in relation to these targets, and indicate a course of therapy that will guide the patient to the target area. This self-adaptive protocol facilitates a safe and systematic approach to bedside care, where whole teams work toward a unified goal.Applied Physiology's therapeutic guidance devices have demonstrated potential benefits for both clinicians and patients: Clinical teamwork is enhanced and goals unified, Improved patient put comes, Reduced length of stay and Reduced morbidity in critical care units.At the heart of Applied Physiology's technology are mathematical algorithms based on a combination of systems physiology and control engineering methods. This rigorous basis has enabled the development of sound and reliable patient-specific solutions to treatment planning problems that are often counter-intuitive.Applied Physiology's flagship product Navigator™, which targets pressure and flow in the circulatory system, will be available for sale in Europe and Australia in the second quarter 2010. It will be available for sale in the U.S. pending regulatory approval from the FDA. The company is based Australia, and established European operations in the UK in 2008.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Executive Committee

                    Current                  


University of Pittsburgh

                    The University of Pittsburgh is among the nation's oldest and most distinguished comprehensive universities, with a wide variety of high-quality programs in the arts and sciences as well as professional fields.

Pitt is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU), which comprises 62 preeminent doctorate-granting research institutions in North America                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Intelomed, Inc.

                  Intelomed, Inc. provides medical technology services. It offers CVInsight, a monitor that displays changes in a patient’s cardiovascular state during physical stress. The company was founded by Michael R. Pinsky, Juan Carlos Puyana and Jan Berkow in 2005 and is headquartered in Wexford, PA.                





 Other Affiliations




              Michael R. Pinsky is affiliated with
                            Winter Institute for Simulator Education and Research, Magee-Womens Hospital of UPMC, UPMC Presbyterian Shadyside, Veterans Administration Medical Center, Intelomed, Inc., University of Pittsburgh, Université Libre de Bruxelles, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Syncro Medical Innovations, Inc., Applied Physiology Pty Ltd., University of Pittsburgh.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Michael R. Winter - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael R. Winter
Board Member at Allied Motion Technologies Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Michael R. Winter? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael R. Winter's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael R. Winter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael R. Winter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael R. Winter through your network of contacts.
												








Michael R. Winter's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Allied Motion Technologies Inc.


Board Member, 
Gas Natural Inc.


Past
To view Michael R. Winter's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Michael R. Winter's Biography



Mr. Winter was appointed a director of the Company in July 2014. Mr. Winter is a former partner in the Buffalo, New York office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), serving in that role from 1987 until his retirement in June 2014. During his tenure, Mr. Winter was responsible for leading the delivery of assurance services to public entities with experience serving many sectors including Consumer and Industrial Products Manufacturing, Energy and Healthcare. Since 2010 he was also a member of the PwC National Office based in New Jersey, which serves as support for all PwC U.S. practice offices. Mr. Winter is currently chairman of the board of ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Winter was appointed a director of the Company in July 2014. Mr. Winter is a former partner in the Buffalo, New York office of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), serving in that role from 1987 until his retirement in June 2014. During his tenure, Mr. Winter was responsible for leading the delivery of assurance services to public entities with experience serving many sectors including Consumer and Industrial Products Manufacturing, Energy and Healthcare. Since 2010 he was also a member of the PwC National Office based in New Jersey, which serves as support for all PwC U.S. practice offices. Mr. Winter is currently chairman of the board of directors, chairman of the compensation committee and a member of the governance committee of Gas Natural Inc. His accounting and business expertise, including an in-depth understanding of the preparation and analysis of financial statements, makes him highly qualified to serve as a director.
		
Source: Allied Motion Technologies Inc. on 04/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael R. Winter's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael R. Winter. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael R. Winter's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael R. Winter's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael R. Winter through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael R. Winter


















Michael R. Winter's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Michael R. Winter's 30 connections »









Alexis P. Michas
Chairman of the Board, BorgWarner Inc.









Richard D. Federico
Board Member, Allied Motion Technologies Inc.









Jed D. Henthorne
Former President and General Manager, Energy West Montana, Inc., Gas Natural Inc.









Michael T. Victor
Former Board Member, Gas Natural Inc.









W. E. Argo
Former Board Member, Gas Natural Inc.









Richard S. Warzala
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Allied Motion Technologies Inc.









Kevin J. Degenstein
Former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, Gas Natural Inc.









Richard D. Smith
Chairman of the Board, Allied Motion Technologies Inc.









Vincent A. Parisi
Former Vice President and General Counsel, Gas Natural Inc.









James J. Tanous
Board Member, Allied Motion Technologies Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











MICHAEL R RENK INC - WINTER HAVEN, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



WINTER HAVEN



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MICHAEL R RENK INC
                                    



 





















M 


MICHAEL R RENK INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



423 LAKE LULU DR WINTER HAVEN, FL 33880
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Michael R Renk Inc is located at 423 Lake Lulu Dr in Winter Haven and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2001. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















  Michael R. Winters

Michael R. Winters – Four Seasons Financial Group



























































Four Seasons Financial Group

























Michael R. Winters





Senior Vice President & National Sales Manager Michael Winters joined FSFG in August 2015 as VP of New Business Development. Mike’s focus is to service and cultivate new and existing broker-dealer and independent agency relationships to ensure continued growth with annuities, single premium and traditional life. Previously, Mike served as the Director of Independent Distribution where he supported over eighty independent insurance agencies in a variety of capacities with the goal of retaining and growing their fixed and indexed annuity business. Mike is versed in the major distribution channels – banks, wire-houses and independents – which gives him a unique, well-grounded perspective in understanding and appreciating the challenges and opportunities that advisors in each of these channels face.
Mike was born and raised in the Greater Philadelphia Area. He graduated from Loyola University Maryland with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree. Mike resides in Medford, NJ with his wife Jen and their three young boys, Aidan, Connor, and Liam. When he isn’t enjoying time with his family and friends, he is passionate about the sport of soccer. He is not only a lifelong supporter of the English Club Arsenal, but still plays weekly and coaches.































































 



 Gas Natural Inc. Appoints Michael R. Winter as New Independent Director 
         










    










 






 











 









Gas Natural Inc. Appoints Michael R. Winter as New Independent Director

		  Adds wealth of utility regulatory and SEC reporting experience to Board
		

Sep 24, 2014, 16:05 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Gas Natural Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MENTOR, Ohio, Sept. 24, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Gas Natural Inc. (NYSE MKT: EGAS) ("Gas Natural" or the "Company"), a holding company operating local natural gas utility companies serving approximately 73,000 customers in seven states, announced today that it has named Michael R. Winter to its Board of Directors.  The Board now consists of nine directors, six of which are independent.  
Mr. Gene Argo, Chairman of the Board of Gas Natural, commented, "Mike's extensive experience with public companies in the utilities and energy sector, especially with respect to regulatory accounting and reporting requirements, brings additional breadth to our Board.  We welcome his expertise and look forward to benefitting from his industry knowledge as we execute our growth strategy to realize our potential."  
Mr. Winter is a recently retired partner from the Energy & Utilities practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), where he specialized in providing assurance and advisory services to companies involved in the natural gas, electric and water industries.  During his over 30-year career at PwC, Mr. Winter worked with various public and private clients in the consumer and industrial products and services industries, focusing on utility, manufacturing and service entities.  His utility clients were geographically dispersed from Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Ohio and Pennsylvania to Texas, Utah and California.  Additionally, they included all aspects of the utility industry ranging from supply and transmission to local distribution.  Some specific areas of expertise include:  SEC regulatory accounting, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and capital markets transactions.
Mr. Winter received his BS from the State University of New York at Binghamton and his MBA from Canisius College.  He is a licensed CPA in New York and New Jersey, and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.  Mr. Winter also plays an active role in his community serving on the boards of a number of professional and educational organizations in the Western New York region.    
About Gas Natural Inc. Gas Natural Inc., a holding company, distributes and sells natural gas to end-use residential, commercial, and industrial customers.  It distributes approximately 36 billion cubic feet of natural gas to approximately 73,000 customers through regulated utilities operating in Montana, Wyoming, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maine, North Carolina and Kentucky.  The Company's other operations include interstate pipeline, natural gas production and natural gas marketing.  The Company's Montana public utility was originally incorporated in 1909.  Its strategy for growth is to expand throughput in the Maine and North Carolina markets while looking for acquisitions that are either adjacent to its existing utilities or in under saturated markets.  Gas Natural Inc. regularly posts information on its website at www.egas.net.
Safe Harbor Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThe Company is including the following cautionary statement in this release to make applicable and to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, Gas Natural Inc. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, those that are identified by the use of the words "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "believes" and similar expressions. Such statements are inherently subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed.  Factors that may affect forward-looking statements and the Company's business generally include but are not limited to the Company's ability to successfully integrate the operations of the companies it has recently acquired and consummate additional acquisitions, the Company's continued ability to make dividend payments, the Company's ability to implement its business plan, fluctuating energy commodity prices, the possibility that regulators may not permit the Company to pass through all of its increased costs to its customers, changes in the utility regulatory environment, wholesale and retail competition, the Company's ability to satisfy its debt obligations, including compliance with financial covenants, weather conditions, litigation risks, and various other matters, many of which are beyond the Company's control, the risk factors and cautionary statements made in the Company's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other factors that the Company is currently unable to identify or quantify, but may exist in the future. Gas Natural Inc. expressly undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Gas Natural Inc.'s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.For more information contact: 



Gas Natural Inc.


Investor Relations



James E. Sprague
Chief Financial Officer


Deborah K. Pawlowski or Karen Howard
Kei Advisors LLC



Phone: (440) 974-3770


Phone:  (716) 843-3908 / (716) 843-3942



Email:  jsprague@egas.net


Email:  dpawlowski@keiadvisors.com / khoward@keiadvisors.com

 SOURCE  Gas Natural Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.ewst.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 01, 2014, 11:41 ET
Preview: Gas Natural Inc. Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.045 per share













Sep 15, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: Gas Natural Inc. to Present at the 2014 Western New York Investors Conference






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Read More





Mar 01, 2017, 16:15 ET
Gas Natural Inc. Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results








Mar 01, 2017, 16:15 ET
Gas Natural Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend






 More news releases in:

  Gas
  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
Personnel Announcements










Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 