



Wisconsin Capital Management - Madison, WI








 
 


WHO WE ARE
INVEST WITH US
PLUMB FUNDS





 



608-960-4616 - info@wiscap.com
Copyright © Plumb Funds | Privacy Policy | Web Design & Development by Finishline Studios




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:38 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Wisconsin Capital Management, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For its equity portion, It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For the fixed income portion, it invests investment-grade securities including corporate bonds, mortgage-related securities, asset-backed securities, debt securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, and municipal bonds having a dollar-weighted average portfolio matu...
Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Wisconsin Capital Management, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For its equity portion, It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For the fixed income portion, it invests investment-grade securities including corporate bonds, mortgage-related securities, asset-backed securities, debt securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, and municipal bonds having a dollar-weighted average portfolio maturity of 10 years or less. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like general economic conditions, leading market positions, high returns on equity and assets, good growth prospects, strong management, anticipated future changes in interest rates, and the outlook for stocks to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, Barclays Capital Intermediate Government/ Credit Bond Index, MSCI EAFE Index, and Blended Benchmark comprising of 55% S&P 500 Index, 35% Barclays Capital Intermediate Government/Credit Bond Index, and 10% MSCI EAFE Index. Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund was formed on May 24, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


8030 Excelsior DriveSuite 307Madison, WI 53717United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 608-960-4616

Fax: 608-960-4618

www.plumbfunds.com/plumb-balanced-fund.php







Key Executives for Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund




Mr. Thomas Gerald Plumb CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund Key Developments

Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund, Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Equity Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 01, 2017
May 10 17
Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund, Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Equity Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 01, 2017, at 15:00 Central Standard Time. Location: 1221 John Q. Hammons Dr. Madison, WI 53717 United States Agenda: To elect six directors to the Board of Directors; and to conduct any other business that may properly come before the meeting, or any adjournment thereof.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc. - Plumb Balanced Fund, please visit www.plumbfunds.com/plumb-balanced-fund.php.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 



  PLBEX Quote - Wisconsin Capital Funds Inc - Plumb Equity Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Wisconsin Capital Funds Inc - Plumb Equity Fund   PLBEX:US   NASDAQ GM        27.75USD   0.02   0.07%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/28/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   20.74 - 28.07    1 Yr Return   26.29%    YTD Return   25.00%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   27.73    52Wk Range   20.74 - 28.07    1 Yr Return   26.46%    YTD Return   25.00%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Blend Broad Market    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/28/2017)   27.75    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/28/2017)   32.832    Inception Date   05/24/2007    Last Dividend (on 12/13/2016)   0.23807    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   THOMAS G PLUMB "TOM" / NATHAN M PLUMB    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.23%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.65%    Expense Ratio   1.40%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        STZ:US   Constellation Brands Inc    10.00 k 1.94 m 6.11      PTLA:US   Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc    29.50 k 1.66 m 5.23      V:US   Visa Inc    14.50 k 1.36 m 4.29      PCLN:US   Priceline Group Inc/The    700.00 1.31 m 4.13      EXAS:US   Exact Sciences Corp    33.00 k 1.17 m 3.68      WEX:US   WEX Inc    11.00 k 1.15 m 3.62      TYL:US   Tyler Technologies Inc    6.50 k 1.14 m 3.60      ANSS:US   ANSYS Inc    9.00 k 1.10 m 3.45      NXPI:US   NXP Semiconductors NV    10.00 k 1.09 m 3.45      MA:US   Mastercard Inc    9.00 k 1.09 m 3.45           Profile   Plumb Equity Fund is an open-end fund incorporatedin the USA. The Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation. The Fund invests in higher quality companies that may include larger, medium and smaller sized companies. The Fund's portfolio managers employ a blended investment style: growth at a reasonable price.    Address  Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.c/o US Bancorp Fund Services, LLCP.O. Box 701MilwaukeeWisconsin 53201-0701   Phone  1-866-987-7888   Website   www.plumbfunds.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.                                                                                            - Madison                                           , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Madison



Investment Advice



Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis



                            Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.
                                    



 





















W 


Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1221 JOHN Q HAMMONS DR MADISON, WI 53717
Get Directions



(608) 824-8800
www.wiscap.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $149,581.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis
 Contacts Thomas G Plumb                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.                                                                                            was founded in 2009. Wisconsin Capital Funds, Inc.                                                                                            specializes in Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















About Us / Our Team | New Capital Funds















Jump to Navigation





Main menu


Investment Criteria
Portfolio Companies
Our Team/ About Us
Contact Us
Home
 







About Us / Our Team







NEW Capital Fund, LP was founded in 2006 followed by NEW Capital Fund II, LP in 2012. The firm has focused on making early stage life and material science, information technology and growth stage niche/advanced manufacturing investments. In 2017 the firm completed its portfolio of investments is  no longer seeking new opportunities.
Our Team

Robert DeBruin

Mr. DeBruin serves as President of DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC. From 1974 to 1978 Mr. DeBruin was a staff accountant at Arthur Young & Co. in Milwaukee. In 1978 he joined Schenck SC as a Manager and was promoted to partner in 1983. He was President of Schenck Corporate Finance Group, Inc. from 1995 to 2012, and supervised the firm’s merger and acquisition areas. At DeBruin & Associates CPA’s LLC he provides merger and acquisition services. Other related services include business financial planning, valuations, and strategic business planning.

Completing over 300 transactions over a 20 year period, Mr. DeBruin assisted a number of start up companies that have developed into over $100 million sales revenue companies. As an audit shareholder, experiences include supervising audits of all sizes, from several of the largest companies in the area to small developing companies.
Mr. DeBruin earned a BBA in Accounting at the University of Wisconsin – Madison  He received the Elijah Watts Sells Award for outstanding performance in the CPA Examination.
Mr. DeBruin is a member of the Board of Directors of NEW Capital Fund; Master Mold, LLC, Milwaukee, WI; National Tissue Company, Milwaukee, WI; and Werner Electric, Inc, Neenah, WI.



Charlie Goff

From 1975 to 1978 Mr. Goff worked as a staff accountant with Arthur Andersen LLP in Chicago, IL, participating in a wide variety of management consulting engagements while with Andersen. 
Mr. Goff moved to Appleton and founded Forward Enterprises, Inc., a distributor of industrial piping products serving the pulp and paper industry and mechanical contractors. Over the next 18 years, Forward Enterprises expanded to five locations in three states, $30 million in revenue, and 75 employees. Mr. Goff sold Forward to Ferguson Enterprises in 1998 and subsequently worked as the General Manager of Ferguson’s Northeast Wisconsin division.
In 2006 Mr. Goff became the President of NEW Capital Management acting as the General Partner of NEW Capital Fund and in 2012 Mr. Goff became the President of NEW Capital Fund II, LP. Mr. Goff has participated in management of both Funds while investing in twenty Wisconsin and Minnesota based early stage businesses. 
Mr. Goff currently serves on the board of directors of Renovar, Inc. Little Chute, WI, Aurizon Ultrasonics, LLC, Kimberly, Swallow Solutions, LLC Madison, WI, WI, Gravy Live, Inc. Middleton, WI and Keller, Inc, Kaukauna, WI;
Mr. Goff earned a degree in Math and Computer Science from UW-Oshkosh and a MBA from UW Madison. 



David Gitter

Affiliated with M&I Marshall & Ilsley Corporation for 33 years, Mr. Gitter retired in 2008: his last position was President of Wisconsin’s northeast region. Mr. Gitter’s responsibilities included management of over 40 branch locations and administration of a $2.5 billion loan portfolio.
Mr. Gitter serves on the board of directors of Valley Packaging, Inc., Keller, Inc., Warehouse Specialists, Inc., and the Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity.



Steve Predayna

Mr. Predayna serves as the Vice President of DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC. From 1983 to 1994 Mr. Predayna held various positions including audit and tax manager at Schenck SC in Appleton. From 1994 to 2002 he held controller positions at Great Northern Corporation, a privately owned manufacturer of corrugated boxes, and Material Management Group, a distributor of fasteners and related parts. In 2002, Mr. Predayna returned to Schenck SC and was promoted to partner in 2005. He also served as Vice President of Schenck Corporate Finance, Inc. where he assisted clients in the sale and acquisition of business entities. As an audit shareholder, Mr. Predayna also supervised audits of all sizes from several of the largest companies in the area to small developing companies.  In 2012, Mr. Predayna joined DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC.

In addition to positions in audit, tax and corporate finance areas, Mr. Predayna’s experience includes representing clients in the sale and acquisition of business entities with transaction sizes up to $60 million in value. Mr. Predayna also assists clients with strategic planning, cash flow forecasting, costing analysis and other business planning projects.
Mr. Predayna earned a BBA in Accounting at the University of Wisconsin – Oshkosh. He received the Elijah Watt Sells Award for outstanding performance on the CPA exam. 
Mr. Predayna has served on the boards of several non profit organizations including Appleton West Rotary, Appleton YMCA, Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Fox Valley Region, Community First Fox Cities Marathon, and the Girl Scouts of the Fox River Area. 

 










Managing Directors 

Investment Board
The Fund is governed by five Investment Board business professionals from northeast Wisconsin who advise the General Partner on Fund investments and management matters.  The Investment Board assists in transactional due diligence and may serve as consultants or directors of portfolio companies.  Each Investment Board member is a limited partner in the Fund.
















New Capital Fund - Little Chute, WI
2012 NEW Capital Fund. All Rights Reserved | Home









