

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 WiserTogether Releases Next Generation Personalization for Improved Treatment Evaluation and 
         










    










 






 











 









WiserTogether Releases Next Generation Personalization for Improved Treatment Evaluation and Decision Making

Mar 31, 2015, 16:04 ET
		  		  					
						 from   WiserTogether, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


WASHINGTON, March 31, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- WiserTogether, Inc., which offers a personalized treatment comparison solution for consumers looking to understand, evaluate and select treatments, and make better-informed health decisions, today released the next generation of its decision personalization. 
The company's Wiser Health solution, currently reaching over 3 million people, allows users to compare treatments based on criteria that matter to them including medical evidence, cost, patient ratings, personal preferences, and values. In the next phase of personalization, Wiser Health introduced a new feature called "People Like Me" that allows users to learn about the health care decisions and outcomes of individuals like them. This innovative personalization feature is available as part of the My Wiser Health treatment transparency solution. 
"Personalization is an essential consumer need. It improves the consumer's experience in almost every purchase decision from buying products and services to engaging in services. Wiser Health is the only decision-making solution that offers effective personalization today," said Tomer Frey, Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product at WiserTogether. 
WiserTogether's personalization is driven by the Company's unique consumer health preferences knowledge base. With over four million consumer treatment decisions, and growing rapidly, the database powers the Wiser Health solution and helps consumers focus on treatments best suited to their concerns, values, and preferences, and to engage in productive and informed conversations with their medical providers.
"As technology advances, consumers are becoming more familiar with digital services and devices catering to the user's personalized preferences and values. Personalization diminishes the "one-size-fits-all" approach to health care and boosts the consumer's participation and ownership over their health and outcomes. Enabling health care consumers to become active participants in their health increases their overall satisfaction and compliance with their treatment," said Shub Debgupta, CEO of WiserTogether. "By marrying personalization and health care in a scalable way, WiserTogether is at the forefront of the consumerism and patient-centric revolution underway in healthcare. By engaging users as unique individuals and helping them make better shared decisions, WiserTogether helps achieve better health outcomes, lowers costs and improves satisfaction," added Mr. Debgupta.
About WiserTogether, Inc.WiserTogether's personalized healthcare treatment comparison software enables consumers to choose the right treatment – most effective in outcome, most personally suitable, and most cost-effective and affordable. The result is improved health and improved costs for consumers, their employers, payers and providers. The company serves over 3 million people through their employers and health plans. 
For more information about WiserTogether, please visit our website at www.wisertogether.com. 
WiserTogether Contact: Catherine Riedelcatherine@nextleveleverything.com 312-209-0250
 SOURCE  WiserTogether, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.wisertogether.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 29, 2015, 12:38 ET
Preview: SelectAccount Helps Account Holders Use Their HSA Dollars Smartly by Offering WiserTogether's Treatment Decision Support Solution













Mar 31, 2015, 16:01 ET
Preview: WiserTogether Announces the Addition of Healthwise as a Content Partner for its Award-Winning Wiser Health Solution






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Read More











Apr 17, 2017, 09:00 ET
WiserTogether empowers people through Actionable Treatment...














Apr 17, 2017, 09:00 ET
WiserTogether empodera a las personas proporcionándoles...






 More news releases in:

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Health Insurance
New Products & Services










Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

WiserTogether, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:33 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of WiserTogether, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
WiserTogether, Inc. provides shared decision-making tools to consumers, employers, health plans, payers, and providers. Its decision-making tools enable consumers to achieve better health outcomes; and employers, health plans, and payers to save money. The company offers Wiser Health, a personalized decision-making tool that assesses possible treatments, and helps consumers to determine the best option for them based on various factors, including clinical evidence, personal and popular preferences, cost, and coverage; Wiser Health Mail, a hyper-targeted message that helps clients to engage consumers in their own health care decisions; and Wiser Health Social that uses social media to continu...
WiserTogether, Inc. provides shared decision-making tools to consumers, employers, health plans, payers, and providers. Its decision-making tools enable consumers to achieve better health outcomes; and employers, health plans, and payers to save money. The company offers Wiser Health, a personalized decision-making tool that assesses possible treatments, and helps consumers to determine the best option for them based on various factors, including clinical evidence, personal and popular preferences, cost, and coverage; Wiser Health Mail, a hyper-targeted message that helps clients to engage consumers in their own health care decisions; and Wiser Health Social that uses social media to continuously engage consumers on their health and wellness decisions. It offers its solutions in various health areas, including musculoskeletal and cardiovascular conditions, diabetes, mental health, pregnancy, and respiratory illnesses. WiserTogether, Inc. was founded in 2008 and is based in Washington, District Of Columbia with an additional office in Boston, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


1054 Thomas Jefferson Street NWWashington, DC 20007United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 202-503-3700

Fax: 202-503-3400

www.wisertogether.com







Key Executives for WiserTogether, Inc.




Dr. Shub Debgupta


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Praveen V. Mooganur


      	Founder and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. David E. Ehrhardt


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Erik LaBianca


      	Chief Architect & Security Officer
      








Dr. James H. Herndon M.D., M.B.A.


      	Chief Medical Officer and Member of Medical Advisory Board
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

WiserTogether, Inc. Key Developments

WiserTogether , Inc. Relaunches it's Healthcare Treatment Platform for its Enterprise Clients and Their Employees, Members and Patients
Apr 17 17
WiserTogether announced a relaunch of it's healthcare treatment platform for its enterprise clients and their employees, members and patients. The new solution, Return to Health®, also introduced as a mobile app, empowers health consumers to improve their decision-making leading to greater adherence and decreased cost. Return to Health® integrates clinical guidelines, exclusive consumer preference ratings, cost transparency, and return to health timeline data with the specific condition and attributes of the user. The solution synthesizes this vast array of data into Best, Good and Poor treatment categories, enabling the individual to understand, act and adhere to the most appropriate next step on their road to improved health. WiserTogether's Return to Health® automates the steps necessary to act on their treatment choices and facilitates a true Shared Decision Process with their provider. The Return to Health® platform was launched in January 2017 and half of the WiserTogether client base has already chosen to launch the enhanced tool. Clients who have implemented are seeing an average increase of 62% in their population's utilization and engagement.


Benezon Adopts WiserTogether's WiserCoach to Educate Members and Drive Healthcare Transparency
Mar 29 16
WiserTogether, announced that WiserTogether's WiserCoach solution is now being utilized by Benezon. With the WiserCoach solution, Benezon subject matter experts (SMEs) can access and utilize WiserTogether's Wiser Health tool, a decision support solution focused on data-driven and evidence-based treatment transparency, to help educate members on questions to ask their doctor and treatment options that meet their personal preferences, improving productivity for plan members and reducing costs for Benezon clients and customers.


Dominion Resources Adopts WiserTogether Platform To Improve Health Care Decision-Making for Employees
Jan 20 16
WiserTogether, Inc. announced that Dominion Resources, Inc. will offer Wiser Health to its employees and their dependents. The company's Wiser Health product is a treatment decision-support solution that provides health consumers with comprehensive information on prevalent medical conditions and treatments. The Wiser Health solution brings together clinical evidence and patient preference data in an innovative, personalized consumer experience that can readily integrate with other wellness offerings and benefits, including cost transparency and telemedicine. Wiser Health's data-driven approach to health care and smart integrations help consumers take action while also driving engagement. Wiser Health enables consumers to understand, evaluate and select treatment options that are the most effective and cost-appropriate treatments for their specific needs, while saving time and money for employers.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 13, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact WiserTogether, Inc., please visit www.wisertogether.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Heather Zirkle | WiserTogether, Inc. | Email, Product Owner, @wisertogether.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Heather Zirkle

 WiserTogether, Inc.  Product Owner




export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


1875 Connecticut Avenue NW,

Washington, DC 20009


Email format for @wisertogether.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         7991  - Physical Fitness Facilities








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A Washington, DC-based organization, WiserTogether, Inc. is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @wisertogether.com email addresses, as well as details on Heather Zirkle's email, the organization's Product Owner. Their profile can be found in Biotech/healthcare category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Heather Zirkle, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Heather Zirkle are HZirkle@wisertogether.com, Heather.Zirkle@wisertogether.com, Heather@wisertogether.com, and Heather_Zirkle@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Heather Zaborowski - Other
Trying to find Heather Zaborowski's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Philadelphia Eagles Limited Partnership's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @philadelphiaeagles.com contact information.  Philadelphia Eagles Limited Partnership is an organization centered in Philadelphia, PA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Associations/organizations category.  Heather Zaborowski is their Graphic Design Post-Grad Intern.  Some possible email formats for Heather Zaborowski are HZaborowski@philadelphiaeagles.com, Heather.Zaborowski@philadelphiaeagles.com, Heather@philadelphiaeagles.com, and Heather_Zaborowski@philadelphiaeagles.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@philadelphiaeagles.com addresses.
Heather Zabriskie - Other
If you need @canadianoutback.com email addresses for Canadian Outback Adventures & Events, you can find them on Lead411 as Heather Zabriskie's email might be available. Heather Zabriskie, the company's Event Coordinator // Creative Writer // Product Development, also has extensive contact information, including Canadian Outback Adventures & Events's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. North Vancouver, -based Canadian Outback Adventures & Events can be found on Lead411 under the Professional services industry.  Some possible email formats for Heather Zabriskie are HZabriskie@canadianoutback.com, Heather.Zabriskie@canadianoutback.com, Heather@canadianoutback.com, and Heather_Zabriskie@canadianoutback.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@canadianoutback.com addresses.
Heather Zaccagnini - Technology
Located in Crystal Lake, IL McHenry County College has Heather Zaccagnini serving as the organization's Department Chair and College Instructor, Engineer. Need Heather Zaccagnini's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in McHenry County College Lead411 profile, along with their McHenry County College email addresses using the domain. Search for McHenry County College on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Heather Zaccagnini are HZaccagnini@mchenry.edu, Heather.Zaccagnini@mchenry.edu, Heather@mchenry.edu, and Heather_Zaccagnini@mchenry.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mchenry.edu addresses.



Similar Employees:
Shub Debgupta - Executive
Need to know Shub Debgupta's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on WiserTogether, Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Shub Debgupta is the Founder, CEO and President for WiserTogether, Inc., an organization which has its base in Washington, DC.  One can also find WiserTogether, Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @wisertogether.com url.  Biotech/healthcare is WiserTogether, Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Shub Debgupta are SDebgupta@wisertogether.com, Shub.Debgupta@wisertogether.com, Shub@wisertogether.com, and Shub_Debgupta@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.
Tomer Frey - Executive
If you need @wisertogether.com email addresses for WiserTogether, Inc., you can find them on Lead411 as Tomer Frey's email might be available. Tomer Frey, the company's CTO, SVP Product Development, also has extensive contact information, including WiserTogether, Inc.'s facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Washington, DC-based WiserTogether, Inc. can be found on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Tomer Frey are TFrey@wisertogether.com, Tomer.Frey@wisertogether.com, Tomer@wisertogether.com, and Tomer_Frey@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.
Julie Schroeder - Other
For WiserTogether, Inc. email addresses with the @wisertogether.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Julie Schroeder, you may check in WiserTogether, Inc.'s Lead411 profile. Julie Schroeder is currently the General Counsel (and Acting CSO) for WiserTogether, Inc.. The company's CEO is . The contact information of WiserTogether, Inc. on Lead411 is filed under the Biotech/healthcare. Their main offices are in Washington, DC.  Some possible email formats for Julie Schroeder are JSchroeder@wisertogether.com, Julie.Schroeder@wisertogether.com, Julie@wisertogether.com, and Julie_Schroeder@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.

People Directory > Heather Zirkle






























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.













John Heavisides | WiserTogether, Inc. | Email @wisertogether.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























John Heavisides

 WiserTogether, Inc.  Product


Updated On : 
                    Dec 02, 2016                            

export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


1875 Connecticut Avenue NW,

Washington, DC 20009


Email format for @wisertogether.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         7991  - Physical Fitness Facilities








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    John Heavisides's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in WiserTogether, Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other WiserTogether, Inc. email addresses with the @wisertogether.com domain format.  He is part of WiserTogether, Inc. where he serves as the Product.  WiserTogether, Inc.'s main office is set in Washington, DC. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Some possible email formats for John Heavisides are JHeavisides@wisertogether.com, John.Heavisides@wisertogether.com, John@wisertogether.com, and John_Heavisides@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.            


Similar People:
John H - Executive
John H is part of HomeFix Custom Remodeling, an organization which has its main offices in Arbutus, MD.  John serves as the Director of Recruiting at HomeFix Custom Remodeling.  If you're searching for HomeFix Custom Remodeling email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @homefixcustomremodeling.com along with John H's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.HomeFix Custom Remodeling's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Construction services industry.  Some possible email formats for John H are JH@homefixcustomremodeling.com, John.H@homefixcustomremodeling.com, John@homefixcustomremodeling.com, and John_H@homefixcustomremodeling.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@homefixcustomremodeling.com addresses.
John H - Executive
Big Life's Executive Director is where John H is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Pelican Bay, FL, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other industry. John H's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Big Life email addresses on Lead411 with the @blm.org domain.  Some possible email formats for John H are JH@blm.org, John.H@blm.org, John@blm.org, and John_H@blm.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@blm.org addresses.
John H - Other
John H's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Johnson Controls, Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other Johnson Controls, Inc. email addresses with the @johnsoncontrols.com domain format.  He is part of Johnson Controls, Inc. where he serves as the Superintendent.  Johnson Controls, Inc.'s main office is set in Milwaukee, WI. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Auto parts/services category.  Some possible email formats for John H are JH@johnsoncontrols.com, John.H@johnsoncontrols.com, John@johnsoncontrols.com, and John_H@johnsoncontrols.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@johnsoncontrols.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Heather Zirkle - Executive
A Washington, DC-based organization, WiserTogether, Inc. is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @wisertogether.com email addresses, as well as details on Heather Zirkle's email, the organization's Product Owner. Their profile can be found in Biotech/healthcare category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Heather Zirkle, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Heather Zirkle are HZirkle@wisertogether.com, Heather.Zirkle@wisertogether.com, Heather@wisertogether.com, and Heather_Zirkle@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.
Shub Debgupta - Executive
 is WiserTogether, Inc.'s CEO. Their Founder, CEO and President is Shub Debgupta. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/healthcare industry. If you're checking for WiserTogether, Inc. email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @wisertogether.com email format and possibly Shub Debgupta's email. WiserTogether, Inc. is based in Washington, DC. You can also get Shub Debgupta's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Some possible email formats for Shub Debgupta are SDebgupta@wisertogether.com, Shub.Debgupta@wisertogether.com, Shub@wisertogether.com, and Shub_Debgupta@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.
Tomer Frey - Executive
A Washington, DC-based organization, WiserTogether, Inc. is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @wisertogether.com email addresses, as well as details on Tomer Frey's email, the organization's CTO, SVP Product Development. Their profile can be found in Biotech/healthcare category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Tomer Frey, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Tomer Frey are TFrey@wisertogether.com, Tomer.Frey@wisertogether.com, Tomer@wisertogether.com, and Tomer_Frey@wisertogether.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@wisertogether.com addresses.

People Directory > John Heavisides



















WiserTogether Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























wisertogether inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
WiserTogether Inc. provides enterprise health IT solutions. The Company offers a web and mobile based treatment selection and shared decision support platform to help patients make evidence-based treatment decisions across musculoskeletal, cardiovascular, mental health, diabetes, pregnancy, and respiratory illnesses. WiserTogether serves employers and health care payers.




Corporate Information
Address:

1054 Thomas Jefferson St NW
Washington, DC 20007
United States


Phone:
1-202-503-3700


Fax:
1-202-503-3400


Web url:
www.wisertogether.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Chuck Cullen
Grotech Ventures


Brian Carney
Harbert Venture Partners LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


David E Ehrhardt


Chief Financial Officer




Tomer Frey


Chief Technology Officer




Matt Halle


Chief Growth Officer




Julie Schroeder


General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data















































For Everyone Else - Wiser Together



























































Wiser Solutions






For Everyone Else
Engage consumers early, stay with them longer, build value throughout




With this shift to CDHPs, people are looking to shop for health care like they do for other purchases making decisions based on the cost of care, best treatment options and peer support. To address the need for comprehensive information in a convenient location, WalletDoc has incorporated leading edge technology platforms like Wiser Health into our Online Member Service Center where people are checking their balances and paying claims when faced with health care expenses.
David Cantu, Vice President of Marketing, Sales and Public Relations, SelectAccount



Support consumers at the point-of-decision
By supporting members earlier in the decision process, you can engage and guide them more effectively.
 
Build value throughout the care journey
Value is built during every step of the consumer’s care journey, and you can now be present and help along the way.
 
Better understand and support your consumer
Create stickiness by personalizing support and care. Gain insight into consumer needs, intent, preferences and values to better support the consumer at the point-of-decision and action.


























Contact - Wiser Together































































DC Office
1875 Connecticut Avenue NW, 10th FloorWashington, D.C. 20009






Boston Office
51 Melcher St. 1st FloorBoston, MA 02210







Contact us to learn more about the Wiser platform.



Phone: 202.503.3700
Fax: 202.503.3400
Email: info@wisertogether.com


Connect With Wiser









Please feel free to contact us!

Name*


First



Last

Email*

Company*PhoneMessage

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 
























About Us - Wiser Together



























































About WiserTogether






WiserTogether is a leader in consumer-focused healthcare information technology solutions that advance clinical outcomes, financial and patient satisfaction results.
Our innovative Return to Health® solution enables people and populations to circumvent the immense amount of data on the internet and in the market and effectively guide individuals to the best and most effective treatment options for them. Our clients realize lower clinical costs, high compliance to best practices and better outcomes.


Meet the Executive Team





Max Kahn Chief Executive Officer 


Click for Bio							


Max Kahn Chief Executive Officer

Max Kahn brings over twenty years of Digital Health and Healthcare Services experience to his role as CEO of WiserTogether.
Max has worked in a broad range of operating, corporate development, business development, and strategy roles at leading companies including as a Managing Director of the Merck Global Health Innovation Fund, Director of Health Care Strategy and Alliances at Johnson & Johnson’s Healthcare Services Divisions, and as a consultant at McKinsey and Co. Max has also served on the Board of Directors of a number of venture stage Digital Health companies including PatientSafe Solutions, Healthsense, and Ayogo.
Max holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.





Scott Leisher Senior Vice President, Growth Click for Bio							


Scott Leisher Senior Vice President, Growth

Scott Leisher is the Senior Vice President, Growth at WiserTogether and is responsible for the sales organization. He is also an Operating Partner at 7wire Ventures, the Chicago-based investment firm focused on the healthcare market and WiserTogether is one of its’ portfolio companies. 
Prior to joining WiserTogether, Scott was an executive at Allscripts Healthcare Solutions [NASDAQ:MDRX] from 1998 through 2015. During his tenure at Allscripts, he held the role of Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, was responsible for the national and enterprise level client base and was a member of the executive cabinet helping to create and execute on the company strategy. Allscripts’ annual revenue grew from $30 million to approximately $1.5 billion and executed on a successful public offering during his tenure at the company.
Prior to joining Allscripts, he was a Senior Vice President at CCC Information Services, a technology and information services company delivering business process improvement solutions to the insurance industry from 1986 to 1998.
He is on the board of CURE Epilepsy, the leading independent organization committed to funding research in epilepsy.  He is also on the alumni board of Community Health, one of the largest free health clinics in the country.  
Scott and his wife, Judy, have five children and live in the Tampa area.





Jim Peers Chief Financial Officer Click for Bio							


Jim Peers Chief Financial Officer

Jim Peers has been working in accounting, finance and human resources for over 20 years, and has held financial leadership positions for over 15 years.  Most recently, Jim served as VP, Finance at Twine Health, a health tech startup hatched from the MIT Media Lab, which offers a patient activation platform. Twine enables patients and their health coaches to drive unprecedented outcomes for chronic diseases, such as hypertension and diabetes.  Jim helped the company grow from pre-revenue and pre-series A financing to millions of dollars in ARR and several successful rounds of venture financing.
Prior to that, Jim served as VP, Finance at Cloudant, another MIT-born, Y Combinator startup company offering an open source, NoSQL, distributed database as a service for massive data sets.  Jim joined as an early employee and over the next two years, helped Cloudant grow to over 60 people, 20x monthly recurring revenues, and closed several rounds of venture capital financing, which eventually led to the successful acquisition in 2014 by IBM.  
Jim has a rich and diversified background with early stage, venture backed companies in the healthcare technology, high-tech and telecommunications industries.
Jim holds a B.S. in Finance from Bridgewater State University.  Jim and his wife Rhonda have two children and live in the Boston area.





Karen Gardner SVP of Client Services Click for Bio							


Karen Gardner SVP of Client Services

Karen is responsible to ensure that WiserTogether’s products, service and value meet and exceed the expectations of her clients. Karen passionately believes a successful client experience is the cornerstone of a successful business. She brings 20 years of experience managing service delivery and user engagement in the employee benefits and healthcare industries. Prior to joining WiserTogether, Karen led customer success for Activate Networks, a network analytic company delivering behavior change tools for the life science, payor and provider markets. Karen designed client service delivery for Activate from inception through to its successful acquisition 5 years later. Karen has also led service delivery teams at Putnam Investments, Bank of Boston and John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company. Karen received her bachelor’s degree in Social Psychology from Brandeis University, and is published in the journal Social Cognition.





Craig Christophel Director of Data Management 


Click for Bio							


Craig Christophel Director of Data Management

Craig has spent the last 20 years driving innovation and productivity in the software development and delivery cycles. In his role as Director of Data Management he leads WiserTogether’s data and delivery functions.
Prior to WiserTogether, Craig was Director, Software Engineering for TriZetto Corporation, an integrated healthcare management technology provider. In that role he was responsible for transforming the technology and practices of the CareAdvance organization. He also held roles in architecture, hosting and services during his time at TriZetto. In addition Craig has held positions at CareKey, Inc, AmericanWell, Inc and Collective Technologies, Inc.












Medical Advisor
Our medical advisors are leading practitioners and thought leaders at some of the most renowned medical facilities in the country.

James H. Herndon, M.D.
Dr. Herndon is the Chief Medical Officer for WiserTogether and leads the group of advisors. He is an orthopedic surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital, a published author, an awarded teacher, and a nationally recognized leader in the medical academic field. He is currently Program Director for the Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency Program and is a William H. and Johanna A. Harris Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Herndon has more than 25 years of experience as chair of academic orthopaedic departments in medical schools and hospitals. He has taught at Brown University, the University of Pittsburgh, and Harvard Medical School. He has led research and authored or edited more than 250 published articles, book chapters, reviews, and editorials. He has held leadership positions with several professional associations, including the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery, the American Orthopaedic Association, and the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. Dr. Herndon received his medical degree from the University of California at Los Angeles. He also has an MBA from Boston University.



Investors
Some of the smartest investors in healthcare have come together to help realize our vision.
“It turns out that following the wisdom of the crowd, especially when that crowd includes physicians making personal decisions about their own health, leads to higher engagement and more effective decisions. That results in higher quality care and more satisfied patients at a lower cost.”
—Glen Tullman, Former CEO, Allscripts, Inc. and, Managing Director of 7Wire Ventures












Values
Healthcare is changing, but our values remain the same.




Answers to Hard Questions
We believe that hard problems get solved when bold people challenge conventional wisdom about what is possible.



Peace of Mind
We believe that what we do and how we do it should give peace of mind to our users, our clients and each other.



Openness to Ideas and People
We believe that we are at our best when we are open to other people’s ideas, input and experience, and we actively seek out talent from diverse backgrounds.





Awards
Check out our latest awards




2014



2014 eHealthcare Leadership Awards
Patient Access and Convenience





2014



2014 InTheCapital’s 50 on Fire
2014 Healthcare & Medicine Winner





2013



2013 Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award
“Best Place to Work” – 2 years in a row





2012



2012 Industry Innovator Award
“Most Innovative Company in Healthcare Consumerism”





2012



2012 eHealthcare Leadership Award
“Platinum and Gold awards”




























WiserTogether | Improved healthcare decision making solutions

































































Empower the healthcare consumer to be a true partner in the care process


                Learn More            







                Our clinically proven Treatment Guidance Solution improves outcomes and lowers clinical costs.            



Inform
Be the source for health related symptoms, conditions, and treatment options for the healthcare consumer. 


Guide
Actively guide healthcare consumers to evidence-based treatment plans that adhere to your organization’s best practices and industry protocols.


Act
Enable immediate access to treatment options so healthcare consumers can act on the guidance provided.


Results
Improved outcomes, faster recovery times, increased compliance, and lower healthcare costs.



            WiserTogether reduces healthcare costs and expedites the time to recovery by empowering people with clinically proven treatment guidance so they can manage and act on the best care plan for their situation.        




Would you like to see how easy it is to use WiserTogether?


                Request a demo today!            






WiserTogether is Available for the Following Markets




Health Plans
Empower members to select and act on the right treatments for them.



Providers
A personalized shared decision solution made simple.



Employers
Help employees find, compare and select treatments that improve outcomes and reduce costs.



Commercial
Attract consumers with quality data driven answers to their treatment questions.






Enabling individuals and populations to be knowledgeable about their treatment options and an equal partner in the treatment decision process leads to better compliance, better outcomes and lower costs for everyone. 

It is exciting to see the new capabilities within the Return to Health® platform from WiserTogether. The company is positioned to truly guide and empower people, delivering value to organizations responsible for populations.

Lee Shapiro, Managing Partner of 7wireVentures






News and Perspectives









News
July 26, 2017

WiserTogether partners with Peers Health to deliver an actionable treatment guidance solution, “Return to Health®” for Disability and Workers’ Compensation Markets










News
June 22, 2017

Everyone is Googling Health issues – Who is Answering?










News
April 14, 2017

WiserTogether empowers people through Actionable Treatment Guidance with its new Solution, “Return to Health®”







Partners

                        WiserTogether leverages complex data sets and solutions from some of the industry's leading data and analytics organizations. We are proud to partner with:                    


























































Request a Demo - Wiser Together


























































Seeing is believing.






Get in touch to see a demo of the Wiser platform.
Fill out my online form.
Use Wufoo templates to make your own HTML forms.



























For Health Systems - Wiser Together



























































Return to Health for Health Systems






Empower healthcare consumers to be a true partner in the care process
 
 
 


A Clinically Proven Healthcare Information & Treatment Guidance Solution
Enables healthcare consumers to understand, identify and leverage the health system to act on the best treatment options for their condition.




72%
of Americans google
their symptoms

3rd
Most popular search
category is health

86%
Users that would recommend
the tool to their peers

83%
Users that choose clinically
effective treatments



 
 
 
WiserTogether Return To Health: 
Improving Outcomes and increasing Market Share
 




Inform
 
Be the “Trusted Source” of healthcare information to healthcare consumers through consumer focused web and mobile applications.


Guide
 
Provide evidence based treatment guidance and clinically proven treatment plans that adhere to your organization’s best practices.


Act
 
Enable seamless access to the health system assets and resources so healthcare consumers can act on the guidance provided.


Results
 
Positioned as the Trusted Source of healthcare information for the market, increased adherence to best practices, increased utilization of health system assets – Improved Outcomes.



 
 
 


  Who Benefits from Return to Health?




Healthcare Consumers
by evaluating treatment plans that are evidence-based and include approved protocols they are able to make informed decisions about their care.


Healthcare Systems
By informing and guiding consumers to appropriate treatment plans and resources through digital mediums, they increase engagement with the health system, compliance and outcomes.



 
WiserTogether Return to Health creates a method for organizations to attract healthcare consumers and connect them to the appropriate resources within their community and organization.
 
 
 
How Does Return To Health Work?

The Return to Health platform guides people to the most appropriate and effective treatment options for that individual, resulting in higher compliance to best practices, a true Shared Decision process with the provider, leveraging of the health system’s assets and better outcomes for the individual.
 
Clinical Data
Return To Health’s web and mobile solution are based on Leading clinical guideline databases ensuring that the treatment options provided are evidence-based and clinically proven.
 
Cost Data
The Return To Health database includes treatment cost comparison content and general cost data available from public sources and customer-specific costs and/or cost transparency tools.
 
Consumer & Provider Ratings Data
Treatment success data, treatment ratings associated with specific conditions, and patient and provider reviews of various treatments are available within Return To Health.
 
Time to Recovery Data
ODG Return to Work guidelines are included with Return To Health, providing a complete view of treatment options and further informing and guiding consumers about the best treatment plans and time to recovery.
 
Analytical Data
The solution provides comprehensive analytics that measure the actions and behaviors of healthcare consumers enabling organizations to understand the behaviors and needs of the consumer population and proactively meet them.
 
 
WiserTogether Return To Health:
Empowering employees to be a true partner in the care process.
 


 
 
View Our Case Study



 
 


























About Us - Wiser Together



























































About WiserTogether






WiserTogether is a leader in consumer-focused healthcare information technology solutions that advance clinical outcomes, financial and patient satisfaction results.
Our innovative Return to Health® solution enables people and populations to circumvent the immense amount of data on the internet and in the market and effectively guide individuals to the best and most effective treatment options for them. Our clients realize lower clinical costs, high compliance to best practices and better outcomes.


Meet the Executive Team





Max Kahn Chief Executive Officer 


Click for Bio							


Max Kahn Chief Executive Officer

Max Kahn brings over twenty years of Digital Health and Healthcare Services experience to his role as CEO of WiserTogether.
Max has worked in a broad range of operating, corporate development, business development, and strategy roles at leading companies including as a Managing Director of the Merck Global Health Innovation Fund, Director of Health Care Strategy and Alliances at Johnson & Johnson’s Healthcare Services Divisions, and as a consultant at McKinsey and Co. Max has also served on the Board of Directors of a number of venture stage Digital Health companies including PatientSafe Solutions, Healthsense, and Ayogo.
Max holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Columbia University.





Scott Leisher Senior Vice President, Growth Click for Bio							


Scott Leisher Senior Vice President, Growth

Scott Leisher is the Senior Vice President, Growth at WiserTogether and is responsible for the sales organization. He is also an Operating Partner at 7wire Ventures, the Chicago-based investment firm focused on the healthcare market and WiserTogether is one of its’ portfolio companies. 
Prior to joining WiserTogether, Scott was an executive at Allscripts Healthcare Solutions [NASDAQ:MDRX] from 1998 through 2015. During his tenure at Allscripts, he held the role of Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, was responsible for the national and enterprise level client base and was a member of the executive cabinet helping to create and execute on the company strategy. Allscripts’ annual revenue grew from $30 million to approximately $1.5 billion and executed on a successful public offering during his tenure at the company.
Prior to joining Allscripts, he was a Senior Vice President at CCC Information Services, a technology and information services company delivering business process improvement solutions to the insurance industry from 1986 to 1998.
He is on the board of CURE Epilepsy, the leading independent organization committed to funding research in epilepsy.  He is also on the alumni board of Community Health, one of the largest free health clinics in the country.  
Scott and his wife, Judy, have five children and live in the Tampa area.





Jim Peers Chief Financial Officer Click for Bio							


Jim Peers Chief Financial Officer

Jim Peers has been working in accounting, finance and human resources for over 20 years, and has held financial leadership positions for over 15 years.  Most recently, Jim served as VP, Finance at Twine Health, a health tech startup hatched from the MIT Media Lab, which offers a patient activation platform. Twine enables patients and their health coaches to drive unprecedented outcomes for chronic diseases, such as hypertension and diabetes.  Jim helped the company grow from pre-revenue and pre-series A financing to millions of dollars in ARR and several successful rounds of venture financing.
Prior to that, Jim served as VP, Finance at Cloudant, another MIT-born, Y Combinator startup company offering an open source, NoSQL, distributed database as a service for massive data sets.  Jim joined as an early employee and over the next two years, helped Cloudant grow to over 60 people, 20x monthly recurring revenues, and closed several rounds of venture capital financing, which eventually led to the successful acquisition in 2014 by IBM.  
Jim has a rich and diversified background with early stage, venture backed companies in the healthcare technology, high-tech and telecommunications industries.
Jim holds a B.S. in Finance from Bridgewater State University.  Jim and his wife Rhonda have two children and live in the Boston area.





Karen Gardner SVP of Client Services Click for Bio							


Karen Gardner SVP of Client Services

Karen is responsible to ensure that WiserTogether’s products, service and value meet and exceed the expectations of her clients. Karen passionately believes a successful client experience is the cornerstone of a successful business. She brings 20 years of experience managing service delivery and user engagement in the employee benefits and healthcare industries. Prior to joining WiserTogether, Karen led customer success for Activate Networks, a network analytic company delivering behavior change tools for the life science, payor and provider markets. Karen designed client service delivery for Activate from inception through to its successful acquisition 5 years later. Karen has also led service delivery teams at Putnam Investments, Bank of Boston and John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company. Karen received her bachelor’s degree in Social Psychology from Brandeis University, and is published in the journal Social Cognition.





Craig Christophel Director of Data Management 


Click for Bio							


Craig Christophel Director of Data Management

Craig has spent the last 20 years driving innovation and productivity in the software development and delivery cycles. In his role as Director of Data Management he leads WiserTogether’s data and delivery functions.
Prior to WiserTogether, Craig was Director, Software Engineering for TriZetto Corporation, an integrated healthcare management technology provider. In that role he was responsible for transforming the technology and practices of the CareAdvance organization. He also held roles in architecture, hosting and services during his time at TriZetto. In addition Craig has held positions at CareKey, Inc, AmericanWell, Inc and Collective Technologies, Inc.












Medical Advisor
Our medical advisors are leading practitioners and thought leaders at some of the most renowned medical facilities in the country.

James H. Herndon, M.D.
Dr. Herndon is the Chief Medical Officer for WiserTogether and leads the group of advisors. He is an orthopedic surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital, a published author, an awarded teacher, and a nationally recognized leader in the medical academic field. He is currently Program Director for the Harvard Combined Orthopaedic Residency Program and is a William H. and Johanna A. Harris Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Herndon has more than 25 years of experience as chair of academic orthopaedic departments in medical schools and hospitals. He has taught at Brown University, the University of Pittsburgh, and Harvard Medical School. He has led research and authored or edited more than 250 published articles, book chapters, reviews, and editorials. He has held leadership positions with several professional associations, including the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery, the American Orthopaedic Association, and the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. Dr. Herndon received his medical degree from the University of California at Los Angeles. He also has an MBA from Boston University.



Investors
Some of the smartest investors in healthcare have come together to help realize our vision.
“It turns out that following the wisdom of the crowd, especially when that crowd includes physicians making personal decisions about their own health, leads to higher engagement and more effective decisions. That results in higher quality care and more satisfied patients at a lower cost.”
—Glen Tullman, Former CEO, Allscripts, Inc. and, Managing Director of 7Wire Ventures












Values
Healthcare is changing, but our values remain the same.




Answers to Hard Questions
We believe that hard problems get solved when bold people challenge conventional wisdom about what is possible.



Peace of Mind
We believe that what we do and how we do it should give peace of mind to our users, our clients and each other.



Openness to Ideas and People
We believe that we are at our best when we are open to other people’s ideas, input and experience, and we actively seek out talent from diverse backgrounds.





Awards
Check out our latest awards




2014



2014 eHealthcare Leadership Awards
Patient Access and Convenience





2014



2014 InTheCapital’s 50 on Fire
2014 Healthcare & Medicine Winner





2013



2013 Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award
“Best Place to Work” – 2 years in a row





2012



2012 Industry Innovator Award
“Most Innovative Company in Healthcare Consumerism”





2012



2012 eHealthcare Leadership Award
“Platinum and Gold awards”




























Careers - Wiser Together





























































WiserTogether Careers






We seek the best and the brightest looking to transform healthcare.
Innovating with the latest in decision and behavioral sciences, technology and data management, and visualization, our decision-making solutions are transforming the entire health care decision process, to enable consumers to achieve better health outcomes and to lower costs.


Current Openings



MA



Healthcare IT Operations Lead





What we are looking for
If you are motivated by solving tough problems in a creative and supportive environment, we would love to speak with you. The successful candidates will exemplify The Wiser Way — the three core values — pursuing answers to hard questions, striving for peace of mind, and openness to new ideas.
We offer an environment where our team members can excel in their lives. We hire the best and offer competitive salaries, equity packages, 401(k) savings plans, and – you guessed it — health benefits for all employees. We believe in making WiserTogether a place that truly fosters personal, professional, and career growth.
All in all, it’s a flexible, rewarding, and fun work environment with amazing people.
Join us. We are hiring! Change the future of health care!














WiserTogether partners with Peers Health to deliver an actionable treatment guidance solution, "Return to Health®" for Disability and Workers' Compensation MarketsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballWiserTogether partners with Peers Health to deliver an actionable treatment guidance solution, "Return to Health®" for Disability and Workers' Compensation MarketsPR NewswireJuly 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareReturn to Health® delivers validated clinical information that enables disability and workers' comp claimants to make effective and appropriate treatment decisions, facilitating an expedited return to healthBOSTON, July 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- WiserTogether today announces a partnership with Peers Health and the launch of the Return to Health® healthcare treatment platform for Disability and Workers' Compensation Markets. This solution is an enhanced version of the company's flagship Return to Health® platform specifically designed to address the unique needs of the workers' comp and disability markets. The platform informs, guides and initiates the treatment steps to returning to health, improving the claimants' decision process and leading to greater adherence and decreased cost.  (PRNewsfoto/WiserTogether, Inc.)MoreReturn to Health® integrates clinical guidelines, cost transparency, and return to health timeline data with the specific conditions and attributes of the claimant. The solution synthesizes this vast array of data into Best, Good and Poor treatment categories, enabling the individual to understand, act and adhere to the most appropriate treatments on their road to recovery.Peers Health is committed to delivering world-class resources that improve outcomes in the return to work markets. Return to Health® uses the timelines for recovery from the best practice guidelines of ODG®, the leading professional guidelines product in workers' compensation and disability markets, published by Data Institute (WLDI). This product extends the reach of the multi-year partnership between Peers and WLDI."With the exponential growth of clinical treatment information available online, some appropriate and some not, it is increasingly challenging for individuals to determine what the most appropriate treatment options are for them," said Max Kahn, WiserTogether CEO. "We are excited about the capabilities within the Return to Health® platform to effectively guide individuals to the right treatments and facilitate the steps to return to health, leading to better outcomes and lower costs for our clients."  "Enabling individuals and populations to be knowledgeable about their treatment options and to be equal partners in the treatment process leads to better decisions and better outcomes," commented Jon Seymour, CEO of Peers Health. "It is exciting to see the new capabilities within the Return to Health® platform from WiserTogether. By syncing the content with ODG's professional solutions, providing an easy-to-implement communication channel directly to the injured worker, we have positioned this product to truly impact the individuals with a disability or on the job injury."Key components of the Return to Health® platform include:Drives action through a consumer-friendly interface, available on any platform with native mobile apps for Apple and Android and a cloud-based web design. Aligns clinical guideline efficacy, cost, return to health timeline data, and consumer preference with treatment options for each condition. Categorizes each treatment into "Best", "Good" and "Poor" categories based on the condition identified and specific attributes of the patient. Provides referential information on both the condition and treatment, enabling the individual to understand their condition and treatment options. Facilitates the actions necessary to move forward on the appropriate treatments.For more information or to request a demo of Return to Health®, please contact John Nelson at jnelson@peershealth.com.  About WiserTogetherWiserTogether is a leader in consumer-focused healthcare information technology solutions that advance clinical outcomes, financial and patient satisfaction results. Our innovative solutions enable consumers to circumvent the immense amount of data on the internet and in the market and effectively guide individuals to the best treatment options for them. To learn more visit www.wisertogether.com.Read MoreAbout Peers HealthPeers Health creates and distributes information technology that has a measurable impact on people's health and productivity. To learn more visit www.peershealth.com.Media Contact:Karen GardnerWiserTogether Public Relationskaren.gardner@wisertogether.com (617) 549-1909View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wisertogether-partners-with-peers-health-to-deliver-an-actionable-treatment-guidance-solution-return-to-health-for-disability-and-workers-compensation-markets-300495470.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMom slams stranger who said he felt sorry for her for having so many kidsYahoo Canada StyleLouisiana Prison Escapee Kidnaps, Kills Assistant Warden's Teen StepdaughterPeopleTorrei Hart Addresses Amber Rose's Offensive ‘Traditionally Attractive’ CommentEssenceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWhy Arya Said "That's Not You" to Nymeria on Game of ThronesPopsugar USHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts 'entire' US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 55.3k




















WiserTogether | Improved healthcare decision making solutions

































































Empower the healthcare consumer to be a true partner in the care process


                Learn More            







                Our clinically proven Treatment Guidance Solution improves outcomes and lowers clinical costs.            



Inform
Be the source for health related symptoms, conditions, and treatment options for the healthcare consumer. 


Guide
Actively guide healthcare consumers to evidence-based treatment plans that adhere to your organization’s best practices and industry protocols.


Act
Enable immediate access to treatment options so healthcare consumers can act on the guidance provided.


Results
Improved outcomes, faster recovery times, increased compliance, and lower healthcare costs.



            WiserTogether reduces healthcare costs and expedites the time to recovery by empowering people with clinically proven treatment guidance so they can manage and act on the best care plan for their situation.        




Would you like to see how easy it is to use WiserTogether?


                Request a demo today!            






WiserTogether is Available for the Following Markets




Health Plans
Empower members to select and act on the right treatments for them.



Providers
A personalized shared decision solution made simple.



Employers
Help employees find, compare and select treatments that improve outcomes and reduce costs.



Commercial
Attract consumers with quality data driven answers to their treatment questions.






Enabling individuals and populations to be knowledgeable about their treatment options and an equal partner in the treatment decision process leads to better compliance, better outcomes and lower costs for everyone. 

It is exciting to see the new capabilities within the Return to Health® platform from WiserTogether. The company is positioned to truly guide and empower people, delivering value to organizations responsible for populations.

Lee Shapiro, Managing Partner of 7wireVentures






News and Perspectives









News
July 26, 2017

WiserTogether partners with Peers Health to deliver an actionable treatment guidance solution, “Return to Health®” for Disability and Workers’ Compensation Markets










News
June 22, 2017

Everyone is Googling Health issues – Who is Answering?










News
April 14, 2017

WiserTogether empowers people through Actionable Treatment Guidance with its new Solution, “Return to Health®”







Partners

                        WiserTogether leverages complex data sets and solutions from some of the industry's leading data and analytics organizations. We are proud to partner with:                    














































