




WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 - Pooled Investment Fund- Eager  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    717 Fifth Avenue 11th Floor 
    New York, NY, 10022Phone: 212-935-8750 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-15


Amended


$37,589,022


$0


Other


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-23


Amended


$39,403,494


$1,899,367


Other


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-10-09


Amended


$35,689,655


$35,689,655


Other


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-10-04


Amended


$0


$0


Other


06 3C.7


SEC link




	2010-09-16


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John J. Eager 
 Executive 


 William P. Jones, Jr. 
 Executive 


 N/A Williams, Jones & Associates, Llc 
 Promoter 





















 



















The First-Ever Ethereum IRA is a Game-Changer | Investopedia





















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                The First-Ever Ethereum IRA is a Game-Changer            


    By Prableen Bajpai, CFA (ICFAI) | April 18, 2017 — 9:16 AM EDT    






Share















































The wave of cryptocurrencies initiated by Bitcoin has been through its own ebb and flow. Nevertheless, the trend has been upward and this is reflective of their wider acceptance and growing user base. Today, some of the biggest technology companies and banks are experimenting with and investing in virtual currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum​, and Ripple. Even governments and regulators around the world are endorsing some of them, especially Bitcoin. With more and more people joining the bandwagon, cryptocurrencies will have a pivotal role to play in the future. Keeping this idea as the backdrop, several innovative financial products woven around cryptocurrencies are being launched, the most recent one being the Ethereum IRA.
A first of its kind, the Ethereum IRA comes from the stable of BitcoinIRA.com, a financial conduit that pioneered the deployment of Bitcoin as a retirement tool. Their product ‘Bitcoin IRA’ was launched around a year back in June 2016 and ever since, it has garnered some rave reviews. The products offered by BitcoinIRA are a unique alternative to traditional IRAs for investors looking at diversifying their portfolio beyond conventional asset classes. (Related reading, see: How To Add Bitcoins To Your Retirement Account)
Ethereum
Ethereum, launched in 2015, is a decentralized software platform that enables Smart Contracts and Distributed Applications (ĐApps) to be built and run without any downtime, fraud, control or interference from a third party. The applications on Ethereum are run on its platform-specific cryptographic token, ether, which acts like a vehicle for moving around on the Ethereum platform, and is sought by mostly developers looking to develop and run applications within. During 2014, Ethereum had launched a pre-sale for ether, which had received an overwhelming response. According to Ethereum, ether can be used to “codify, decentralize, secure and trade just about anything.” 
Following the attack on the DAO in 2016, Ethereum was split into Ethereum (ETH) and Ethereum Classic (ETC). Ethereum (ETH) has a market capitalization of $4.4 billion*, second after Bitcoin among all cryptocurrencies.
One of the big projects around Ethereum (ETH) is Microsoft’s partnership with ConsenSys, which offers “Ethereum Blockchain as a Service (EBaaS) on Microsoft Azure so Enterprise clients and developers can have a single click cloud-based blockchain developer environment.”
During 2017, Ethereum (ETH) made a big move with the establishment of Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, which focuses on building and promoting the best practices and standards that facilitate adoption of the Ethereum protocol for enterprises. Some of the biggest brands from banking, insurance, technology and consultancy are a part of Enterprise Ethereum; some of them are Morgan Chase & Co., Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, ING, UBS, Wipro, and British Petroleum, Santander and Credit Suisse. (Related reading, see: How Do Bitcoin Investors Combat Price Volatility?)
Ethereum IRA
With Ethereum IRA, investors can hold real Ethereum (ETH) in retirement accounts via a self-directed IRA by choosing between traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, SEP IRAs, 401(k)s and more.
The process to add Ethereum to one’s self-directed IRA is similar to that of Bitcoin IRA. It’s easy and involves opening of a self-directed IRA through a secure e-sign application and then funding it through a rollover or transfer, before completing with an allocation order.
The regulatory structure followed for regular IRAs will hold good for Ethereum IRA. This means that one’s funds are eligible for tax incentives but they cannot be accessed until one is 59½ years old, and if accessed before that, there is a penalty involved. BitcoinIRA charges a nominal upfront fee without any additional recurring charges, other than a small annual maintenance sum paid to the custodian.
Brave New Coin price data will be used as a reference rate for Ethereum IRA while Genesis Global Trading, Inc. will handle liquidity; storage of investor funds will be managed in collaboration with BitGo’s multi-signature wallet. (Related reading, see: Top Alternative Investments for Retirement)
The Bottom Line
The unique properties and the present progress around virtual currencies are solidifying their future. While challenges remain, calculated risks can result in sweet rewards for investors in the long term. However, it’s imperative to understand the product thoroughly before plunging; as Warren Buffet rightly says, “Risk comes from not knowing what you’re doing.”
*Market Capitalisation of ETH as on April 18, 2017
The author has no position in any stocks mentioned. Investors should consider the above information not as a de facto recommendation, but as an idea for further consideration. 









  






 








































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing















Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy



























WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10  Funding details


WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001501113IRS Number: 273286747Address: 717 FIFTH AVENUE 11TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-935-8750



Latest news
WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 raised $37,589,022 from 183 investors on 2016-12-15.



WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-15Amended Form DIndefinite$37,589,022Indefinite$25,00018306b 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-10-23Amended Form DIndefinite$39,403,494Indefinite$25,00019506b 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-10-09Amended Form DIndefinite$35,689,655Indefinite$25,00019606b 3C.7[SEC Filing]2012-10-04Amended Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$25,00020306 3C.7[SEC Filing]2010-09-16New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$25,000006 3C.7[SEC Filing]
WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10 raised $37,589,022 in total.



Directors and Executives of WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10
Key People in WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10:

William Jones, Jr.John EagerN/A Williams, Jones & Associates, LLC
Similar companiesWJA Hedge Fund 15, WJA Hedge Fund 8 Traunche 10, WJA Acorn XI, WJA Hedge Fund 16, WJA Hedge Fund 17, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-1, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-2, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-3, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-4, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-6, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-7, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-8








Last visited companies: AFR Value Partners, L.P., DIAMOND BAR INCOME PARTNERS LLC, DRIPTECH INC, DUNCASTLE GOLD CORP., Dark Bridge Hybrid Investment Fund I, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9 - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9
List of persons related to the company WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9.

CIK Number: 0001501114IRS Number: 273286675Company address: 717 FIFTH AVENUE 11TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-935-8750



People related to WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9
NamePositionStreetCityCountryJ. Eager  John717 Fifth Avenue 17th FloorNew YorkNYJ. Eager  John717 Fifth Avenue 11th FloorNew YorkNYP. Jones, Jr.  William717 Fifth Avenue 17th FloorNew YorkNYP. Jones, Jr.  William717 Fifth Avenue 11th FloorNew YorkNYN/A  Williams, Jones & Associates, LLC717 Fifth Avenue 17th FloorNew YorkNYN/A  Williams, Jones & Associates, LLC717 Fifth Avenue 11th FloorNew YorkNY




WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-9 on the Web
Related companiesWJA Acorn XI, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-1, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-11, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-12, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-13, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-14, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-15, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-16, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-17, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-18, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-19, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-2, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-20, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-21












 








WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC  Funding details


WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC Industry: ResidentialCIK Number: 0001510323IRS Number: 273992980Address: 23046 AVENIDA DE LA CARLOTA SUITE 150 LAGUNA HILLS 92653Phone number: 949-380-8600



Latest news
WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC raised $4,828,929 from 35 investors on 2016-06-22.



WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-06-22Amended Form D$10,000,000$4,828,929$5,171,071$10,0003506b[SEC Filing]This offering will remain open until such time as $10,000,000 has been raised or it is closed by the fund manager in its sole discretion.2015-11-19Amended Form D$10,000,000$5,450,901$4,549,099$10,0003506b[SEC Filing]This offering will remain open until such time as $10,000,000 has been raised or it is closed by the fund manager in its sole discretion.2014-09-08New Form D$10,000,000$5,453,581$4,546,419$10,0003406b[SEC Filing]This offering will remain open until such time as $10,000,000 has been raised or it is closed by the fund manager in its sole discretion.
WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC raised $4,828,929 in total.



Directors and Executives of WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC
Key People in WJA Secure Income Fund, LLC:

William Jordan
Similar companiesWJA Hedge Fund 15, WJA Hedge Fund 8 Traunche 10, WJA Acorn XI, WJA Hedge Fund 16, WJA Hedge Fund 17, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-1, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-10, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-2, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-3, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-4, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-6, WJA Alternative Investment Strategies I, LLC, Series I-7








Last visited companies: MMLISI FINANCIAL ALLIANCES LLC, MOTALLY INC, MPF Flagship Fund 14, LLC, Market Center at DTC LLC, Micro-Solar 1 LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Track Hedge Funds Using 13F Filings 

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















WhaleWisdom /
Filer Search /
WJA ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES I, LLC, SERIES I-10 /
Form D Filing





Form  D
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities
Item 1. Issuer's Identity


Name of Issuer:
WJA ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES I, LLC, SERIES I-10

          Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
        
DE
Year of Incorporation/Organization

          2010
        


Previous Name(s)




Entity Type
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY


Item 2 Issuer Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

      717 FIFTH AVENUE
      17TH FLOOR
      NEW YORK, NY  10022
      Phone Number:  
 subscription required

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
WILLIAM P.  JONES, JR.
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
JOHN J.  EAGER
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
N/A   WILLIAMS, JONES  ASSOCIATES, LLC
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

PROMOTER

Clarification of Response

Item 4. Industry Group

    POOLED INVESTMENT FUND
    - HEDGE FUND
  
Item 5. Issuer Size
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range (for issuer specifying "hedge" or "other investment" fund in item 4 above)
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000
Item 6. Federal Exemptions and Exclusions Claimed


06


3C.7


Item 7. Type of Filing
  New Notice
  Date of First Sale in this Offering:

    First Sale Yet to Occur
  
Item 8. Duration of Offering
Does the issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?
Yes
Item 9. Type(s) of Securities Offered


Other: LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS


Item 10. Business Combination Transaction
Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination
  transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?
No
Clarification of Response

Item 11. Minimum Investment
Minimum Investment accepted from any outside investor
25000
Item 13. Offering and Sales Amounts
Total Offering Amount
INDEFINITE
Total Amount Sold
0
Total Remaining to be Sold
INDEFINITE
Clarification of Response

Item 14. Investors
Securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons
  who do not qualify as accredited investors,
  

Number of non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering:

Total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0
Item 15. Sales Commissions and Finders' Fees Expenses
Sales Commissions:
0.0 
Finders' Fees
0.0 
Clarification of Response

Item 16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering
  that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required
  to be named as executive officers,directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above.
0.0 
Clarification of Response

Signature and Submission
Issuer Name
WJA ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES I, LLC, SERIES I-10
Issuer Signature
/S/ WILLIAM P. JONES, JR.
Signer Name
WILLIAM P. JONES, JR.
Signer Title
CHAIRMAN, WILLIAMS, JONES  ASSOCIATES, LLC, AS MANAGER
Signature Date
09/14/2010








Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 

Wja Alternative Investment Strategies I Llc Series I-10 raised funds  on September 14th, 2010































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/54535-wja-alternative-investment-strategies-i-llc-series-i-10section=deals&subsection=detail&id=54535  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Wja Alternative Investment Strategies I Llc Series I-10 raised funds  on September 14th, 2010.Get alertedif Wja Alternative Investment Strategies I Llc Series I-10 gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Wja Alternative Investment Strategies I Llc Series I-10Investors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:John Eager (Executive_Officer) William Jones, Jr. (Executive_Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - Form D/Archives/edgar/data/1501113/000110465910048849Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!