    Marcus Womack | iLike inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Marcus W. L. Womack: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:39 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Axon Enterprise, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Marcus W. L. Womack  Advisor, Axon Enterprise, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.40$637,929As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Marcus W. L. Womack has been an Advisor of Axon Enterprise, Inc. since May 24, 2017 and served as its General Manager of The Software and Sensors Segment from April 12, 2017 to May 24, 2017 and served as its Executive Vice President until May 24, 2017. Mr. Womack served as the General Manager of Evidence.Com at TASER International Inc. since March 06, 2014 until April 12, 2017 and serves as its General Manager of Axon Business Segment. As the Lead Creator of the ... Familiar app, Mr. Womack has over 12 years of experience in management, product design & development and launch strategy. His expertise in developing successful strategies has helped make Familiar one of the fastest growing new photo sharing apps for families. Mr. Womack served as the Chief Executive Officer of Familiar, Inc. from 2011 to October 2013. He served as the Product Director at iLike Events & Ticketing from 2007 to 2009 and Vice President and General Manager from 2009 to 2011, where he executed the business strategy that led to the sale of it in 2009 to MySpace. At iLike, he coordinated partnerships with and products for artists, events, artist syndication and more. From 2005 to 2007, he served as the Lead Program Manager for Microsoft Xbox Live. He worked at Microsoft in digital media and gaming on products including XBOX Live, Zune and MSN Music. He holds a BA from Pacific Lutheran University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
17800 North 85th StreetScottsdale, Arizona 85255United StatesPhone: 480-991-0797Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BA Pacific Lutheran University Inc
Other Affiliations
Pacific Lutheran University IncFamiliar, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$257,917Total Annual Compensation$257,917
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$225,000All Other Compensation$14,163
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$412,929Total Short Term Compensation$257,917Other Long Term Compensation$239,163Total Calculated Compensation$637,929




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRussell  Medina Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDefense Technology Systems Inc.--Ralph A. Clark President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorShotSpotter, Inc.$575.0KJaime W. Ellertson Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentEverbridge, Inc.$250.0KStanton E. Ross Chairman, CEO & PresidentDigital Ally, Inc.$1.2MC. Stephen Cochennet Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and SecretaryGuardian 8 Holdings$344.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Axon Enterprise, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Marcus W. Womack - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Marcus W. Womack
Advisor at Axon Enterprise, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Marcus W. Womack? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marcus W. Womack's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marcus W. Womack's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marcus W. Womack's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marcus W. Womack through your network of contacts.
												








Marcus W. Womack's Executive Work History


Current


Advisor, 
Axon Enterprise, Inc.


Past
To view Marcus W. Womack's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
40

 
 


Marcus W. Womack's Biography




			Mr. Womack previously served as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Familiar, Inc. from 2011 through its purchase by Axon in October 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Womack was VP and General Manager at iLike Events & Ticketing from 2009 to 2011. From 2007 to 2009 Mr. Womack was Director of Product Management at iLike and from 2005 to 2007, Mr. Womack was the Lead Program Manager for Microsoft Xbox Live. Mr. Womack holds a B.A. degree from Pacific Lutheran University.
		
Source: Axon Enterprise, Inc. on 04/14/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marcus W. Womack's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Marcus W. Womack. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marcus W. Womack's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marcus W. Womack's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marcus W. Womack through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Marcus W. Womack


















Marcus W. Womack's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Marcus W. Womack's 18 connections »









Richard H. Carmona
Board Member, The Clorox Company









Joshua M. Isner
Executive Vice President, Global Sales, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Luke S. Larson
President, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Daniel M. Behrendt
Former Chief Financial Officer, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Mark W. Kroll
Board Member, Haemonetics Corporation









Judy Martz
Former Board Member, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Douglas E. Klint
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Thomas P. Smith
Former Employee and Former Chairman of the Board, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Hadi Partovi
Board Member, Axon Enterprise, Inc.









Bret S. Taylor
Board Member, Twitter, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















MARCUS L WOMACK - SUWANEE, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



SUWANEE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            MARCUS L WOMACK
                                    



 





















M 


MARCUS L WOMACK
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2477 COLLINS PORT CV SUWANEE, GA 30024
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts MARCUS L WOMACK






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Marcus L Womack was founded in 2010, and is located at 2477 Collins Port Cv in Suwanee. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Check out the products to help you be more productive






































































For Your Company Keynotes In House Training Custom Programs Executive Coaching Get Momentum ProgramFor You Get Momentum Membership Executive Coaching Leadership Retreat ProductsBlog All Posts en Español Podcast InsightsMore About Articles In the Media Press Kit What Clients Say Where’s Womack? Contact

Select PageFor Your Company    Keynotes    In House Training    Custom Programs    Executive Coaching    Get Momentum ProgramFor You    Get Momentum Membership    Executive Coaching    Leadership Retreat    ProductsBlog    All Posts    en Español    Podcast    InsightsMore    About    Articles    In the Media    Press Kit    What Clients Say    Where’s Womack?    Contact












					Products 	
					 / Products to help you be more productive and a better leader 










Jason’s book, courses and membership program help you be more productive and a better leader.
 
Your Best Just Got BetterIn Your Best Just Got Better, productivity expert Jason Womack teaches readers that working longer hours doesn't make up for a flawed approach to productivity and performance. Workers need to clarify their habits, build mindset-based strategies, and be proactive. Womack's signature workplace performance techniques offer specific strategies to consistently and incrementally improve performance.
The Productivity PackThe productivity pack is the essential tool kit to helping you get to the next level of productivity. It includes Jason's latest book Your Best Just Got Better, and Jason's world renowned productivity audio CD and DVD training video.
 
 
 
Creative Live CourseThink Bigger. Make More with Jason Womack. Jason covers the basic principles of human performance, shares insights from positive organizational psychology, and reveals tips from his book, Your Best Just Got Better. You’ll learn the mindset for success, how to gain more customers, and how to be braver on a daily basis. 2 day course, recorded. $99 through Creative Live.

 
 
The Get Momentum ProgramGet Momentum is an online coaching program providing leaders like you with curated tools, information and the mindset
required to quickly and effectively develop talents in specific leadership skills. Plus one-on-one coaching calls and live group classes each month.
 



 






















© Copyright 2012-2017 by  Jason Womack Company. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy


805.640.6401facebooktwittervimeolinkedingoogleplus 





















Marcus Womack, Executive Vice President, Software & Services, Axon, “From Tasers to Body Cameras – a Company Transformation” – Rotary Club of Bellevue




























































































 






Rotary Club of Bellevue Bellevue’s largest Rotary Club, serving our community and the world since 1961. 


















Speakers

Marcus Womack, Executive Vice President, Software & Services, Axon, “From Tasers to Body Cameras – a Company Transformation” 

May 16, 2017








      Marcus Womack is responsible for all software R&D at Axon, where he is dedicated to transforming the enterprise software experience for law enforcement, public safety, and justice professionals. In his role, he leads product management, engineering, design, and security for the Axon software platform. He is also the General Manager for Axon’s Seattle office.
Marcus joined Axon in 2013, after his company Familiar, where he was CEO and co‑founder, was acquired by Axon. Prior to that, Marcus worked at the startup iLike, which was acquired by News Corporation, where he served in varying leadership roles from 2007 to 2011, most recently as Vice President and General Manager of the Events and Ticketing business.
Marcus began his career at Microsoft, in product management, focused on building technology and online services in the areas of digital media and entertainment for products including MSN Music and Xbox Live. He holds a B.A. degree from Pacific Lutheran University.












Related Posts



 



Speakers / 


David Loewe, Chief Executive Officer, Seattle Humane Society, “You’re Building a What?”







 



Speakers / 


Dan Satterberg, King County Prosecuting Attorney











 









SITE SEARCH


 





 



 



 

 














UPCOMING SPEAKERS > AUG 08. Jamie VosAUG 15. Alex Hopkins, Rotary District 5030 Governor ON THE CALENDAR > JUL 28-30.
Bellevue Rotary ARTSfair Ice Cream Sales!AUG 12.
Rotary First Harvest Work Party, 8:30AM, Northwest Harvest, KentAUG 31.
Bellevue Rotary Thirsty Thursday, 6PM, Suite Lounge, Wintergarden Plaza of The Hyatt, Bellevue

























Recent Bulletin Categories
Announcements
Event Photos
BRC Fellowship Events
Local Community Service
Weekly Photos



























































