    Jeffrey Woodbury | Exxon Mobil Corporation | ZoomInfo.com




Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo - Chiropractic specialist in Woodbury MN



































Home Doctors Minnesota Woodbury Jeffrey J Wisdo
 Doctors in Woodbury MN





share on 
                




Jeffrey J Wisdo
share on 
            



MEDICARE Chiropractic specialist in Woodbury MN

Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo is a Chiropractic Specialist in Woodbury, Minnesota. He graduated with honors from Palmer College Chiropractic - Davenport in 1999. Having more than 18 years of diverse experiences, especially in CHIROPRACTIC, Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Healthsource Of Cedar Rapids Pc. Call Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo on phone number (651) 735-8646 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.




7060 Valley Creek Plz #121 Woodbury, MN 55125-2269
 (651) 735-8646  (651) 730-9210 Map and Directions 






Doctor Profile


Basics



Full Name
Jeffrey J Wisdo


Gender
Male
 
PECOS ID
0648246736


Experience
18+ years of diverse experiences


Sole Proprietor
Yes - He owns an unincorporated business by himself.
 
Accepts Medicare Assignment
He does accept the payment amount Medicare approves and not to bill you for more than the Medicare deductible and coinsurance.





Medical Specialities
CHIROPRACTIC


Credentials
Doctor of Chiropractic (DC)
 
Education & Training
Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo attended to Palmer College Chiropractic - Davenport and then graduated in 1999


NPPES Information
NPI #: 1124060017
Enumeration Date: Jun 12th, 2006
Last Update Date: Jul 8th, 2007 
Request for update


Quality Reporting
Participated programs include
Medicare Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS).Medicare Electronic Health Record (EHR).


Medical Licenses
Dr. Jeffrey J Wisdo has been primarily specialised is Chiropractic for over 18 years.

SpecializationLicense NumberIssued State


Chiropractic Providers / Chiropractor
4705
Minnesota


 
Medical Group Practice

OrganizationNumber of Members


Healthsource Of Cedar Rapids Pc
2



Practice Location
7060 Valley Creek Plz
            #121            Woodbury, Minnesota 55125-2269
Phone: (651) 735-8646Fax: (651) 730-9210 Office Hours:Monday - Friday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PMSaturday - Sunday: Closed 
This doctor profile was extracted from the dataset publicized on Jul 20th, 2017 by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and from the corresponded NPI record updated on Jul 8th, 2007 on NPPES website. If you found out anything that is incorrect and want to change it, please follow this Update Data guide. Related Doctors and Physicians



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



Most Viewed Physicians



Kenneth A Mitchell
6025 Lake Rd Suite 200

Richard G Karlen
2080 Woodwinds Drive #240

Sara Spear Kaminski
449 Commerce Drive

Carrie J Frantzich
1875 Woodwinds Dr

Rosella Collins Puoch
6043 Hudson Rd Suite 372

Jamie Katherine Flohr
2080 Woodwinds Dr Ste 240

Naomi J Krueger
2090 Woodwinds Dr

Andrea M Balsimo
8450 Seasons Pkwy 




Nearby Physicians



Douglas P Friederich
1925 Woodwinds Dr

Danielle A Montague
8675 Valley Creek Rd

Matthew David Kroneberger
2110 Eagle Creek Ln

Sevdalina M Dabova-missova
8325 City Centre Dr

Michaela Dm Smith
1925 Woodwinds Dr

Reba D Peoples
1811 Weir Dr Suite 270 





Newly Added Physicians



Janell Leigh Giesler
8675 Valley Creek Rd

Dawn M Arens
8360 City Centre Dr #110

Melanie M Kraushaar
8425 Seasons Pkwy Suite 103

Tonya A Harty
8425 Seasons Pkwy

Pooja Devi Mundrati
2090 Woodwinds Dr

Amy J Hawks
8425 Seasons Pkwy 









×
Update Request



        Request to immediately synchronize Profile NPI #1124060017 from NPPES to Healthcare4PPL.com.
        



Close
Submit






Sections

Overview
Profile Medical Licenses Medical Group Practice Practice Location Reviews 
Doctors in Woodbury MN 

Sections








     




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Best Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Minnesota, Woodbury, USA



































Home Doctors Minnesota Woodbury
 Doctors in Minnesota


Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Woodbury MN
HealthCare4PPL is your most comprehensive directory of doctors and other health-care professionals in Woodbury MN. HealthCare4PPL provides detailed information, including personal overview, history of education and training, specialities, practice locations, affiliated hospitals and more, of 492 Medicare-certified and other providers.
List of Doctors and other Health Care Professionals in Woodbury MN
The list contains 492 physicians


Aaron J Mccabe DO
12+ years of experience Credential: Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (DO) Primary Speciality: Family Practice 

Aaron J Odonnell
1+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physical Therapy 

Aaron Jeremy Milbank MD
19+ years of experience Credential: Doctor of Medicine (MD) Primary Speciality: Urology 

Aaron W Tsai
22+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Ophthalmology 

Abigail E House
2+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physician Assistant 

Abigail Mae Clark
5+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Physician Assistant 

Adam M Schotzko
10+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Chiropractic 

Aimee N Neumann
10+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Nurse Practitioner 

Alan S Weingarden
38+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Ophthalmology 

Albert J Enriquez
30+ years of experience Primary Speciality: Obstetrics / Gynecology 





Newly Added Physicians



Janell Leigh Giesler
8675 Valley Creek Rd

Dawn M Arens
8360 City Centre Dr #110

Melanie M Kraushaar
8425 Seasons Pkwy Suite 103

Tonya A Harty
8425 Seasons Pkwy

Pooja Devi Mundrati
2090 Woodwinds Dr

Amy J Hawks
8425 Seasons Pkwy 




Other Services

Other health care providers in Woodbury MN

Supplier
Home Health
Nursing Home
Hospital
Dialysis Facility
Medical Group





Go to page: << First
< Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next >
Last >>





     





Jeffrey J Woodbury - South Portland, ME | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey J Woodbury in South Portland, ME


Jeffrey J Woodbury

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey J Woodbury  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from South Portland, ME.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Jeff  Woodbury


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey J Woodbury is in his 50s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

South Portland, ME
Portland, ME
Morning View, KY

Jeffrey's Relatives

Kathren Torraca







Jeffrey J Woodbury



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Co-president at Peregrine Press



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey J Woodbury
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey J Woodbury
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey J Woodbury
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey J Woodbury


Jeffrey J Woodbury's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey J Woodbury has lived as well as Jeffrey J Woodbury's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey J Woodbury Has Lived in 2 States
Maine Address for Jeffrey J Woodbury


65 H***** S* 

South Portland, ME


Has Lived In

South Portland, ME
Portland, ME


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey J Woodbury



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey J Woodbury



Get Email Report




Jeffrey J Woodbury's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jeffrey J Woodbury's academic history.  Find out which schools Jeffrey J Woodbury attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jeffrey J Woodbury received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey J Woodbury Has Attended 2 Schools
Arizona State University Jeffrey J Woodbury has a B.f.a. in Intermedia               
Pratt Institute                              Jeffrey J Woodbury has a M.f.a. in Painting               


Jeffrey J Woodbury's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey J Woodbury's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey J Woodbury has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey J Woodbury Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Peregrine Press
               Title: Co-president
Jeffrey J Woodbury's Experience
Title: Co-president
               Company: Peregrine Press
Job Details
               Peregrine Press, founded in 1991, is a non-profit, fine arts printmaking cooperative in Portland, Maine. Peregrine Press is the only such cooperative in Maine, and among the few of its kind in the nation. An elective board runs the studio, meetings are held biannually for the full membership to organize events, workshops, and to elect new officers. Currently, there are 30 members in the cooperative. The studio is operated and maintained on a cooperative basis and is available to members 24/7 to work in a variety of printmaking techniques such as collograph, woodcut, monotype, etching, photo-etching and other mixed media processes. Peregrine Press is working towards being as toxic free a studio as possible.
Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey J Woodbury

 See Jeffrey J Woodbury's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey J Woodbury's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey J Woodbury


Jeffrey J Woodbury's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey J Woodbury's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Woodbury
Username Matches

                  JeffreyWoodbury
                  WoodburyJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Woodbury
                  Woodbury.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Woodbury
                  Woodbury_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Woodbury
                  Woodbury-Jeffrey
                  JWoodbury
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Woodbury







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Jeffrey J. Woodbury of Exxon Mobil Corp Executive Profile

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Exxon Mobil Corp
 XOM


			Morningstar Rating
		



Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Key Executives
                > Jeffrey J. Woodbury
            
Jeffrey J. Woodbury, Vice President, Investor Relations and Secretary



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Mr. Jeffrey J. Woodbury was Vice President, Safety, Security, Health and Environment of Exxon Mobil Corporation July 1, 2011 - August 31, 2014. He became Vice President - Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation on September 1, 2014, positions he still holds as of this filing date.
    





Board Membership




Jeffrey J. Woodbury is not a member of any boards




 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











JEFFREY J MANDERFELD - WOODBURY, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



WOODBURY



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JEFFREY J MANDERFELD
                                    



 





















J 


JEFFREY J MANDERFELD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9271 CORTLAND ALCOVE WOODBURY, MN 55125
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Jeffrey K. Woodbury - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jeffrey K. Woodbury
Former Board Member at Investors Real Estate Trust


View Full Profile
Are you Jeffrey K. Woodbury? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey K. Woodbury's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey K. Woodbury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey K. Woodbury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey K. Woodbury through your network of contacts.
												








Jeffrey K. Woodbury's Executive Work History


Past
To view Jeffrey K. Woodbury's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 


Jeffrey K. Woodbury's Biography



Jeffrey K. Woodbury has served as a trustee of the Company since 2011. Since 1990, Mr. Woodbury has been Vice President of Acquisitions and Development for the Woodbury Corporation, a commercial real estate company based in Salt Lake City with a portfolio of over 13 million square feet of retail and office, 12 hotels and numerous other industrial and single tenant properties. In addition to Mr. Woodbury's more than three decades of professional experience with the legal, acquisition and development aspects of commercial real estate, he has been active in a number of community organizations, including current service on the National Advisory B ...
(Read More)

			Jeffrey K. Woodbury has served as a trustee of the Company since 2011. Since 1990, Mr. Woodbury has been Vice President of Acquisitions and Development for the Woodbury Corporation, a commercial real estate company based in Salt Lake City with a portfolio of over 13 million square feet of retail and office, 12 hotels and numerous other industrial and single tenant properties. In addition to Mr. Woodbury's more than three decades of professional experience with the legal, acquisition and development aspects of commercial real estate, he has been active in a number of community organizations, including current service on the National Advisory Board of Utah Valley University, Woodbury School of Business in Orem, Utah. He has served as a director and a member of the Investment Committee of Woodbury Strategic Partners since 2010, and has been the Managing Partner and/or Manager of over seventy real estate partnerships or limited liability companies. Mr. Woodbury, who received a J.D. from Drake University Law School, is a licensed attorney admitted to the Utah State Bar. He is also a CRE as designated by Counselors of Real Estate. 

Mr. Woodbury brings the following experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to the Board: general business management and strategic planning experience and real estate industry investment, development, acquisition, marketing and management experience from his approximately 35 years as an officer, director and legal counsel to the Woodbury Corporation; and extensive business and personal contacts and familiarity with real estate and general business conditions in the intermountain West region of the United States, including Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, Utah and Wyoming, several in which the Company owns property.
		
Source: Investors Real Estate Trust on 08/04/2016
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey K. Woodbury's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jeffrey K. Woodbury. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey K. Woodbury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey K. Woodbury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey K. Woodbury through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jeffrey K. Woodbury


















Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















 






ExxonMobil Announces Election of David Rosenthal as Vice President and Controller and Jeffrey Woodbury as Vice President of Investor Relations and Secretary | ExxonMobil News Releases


























































 























Login





























 ExxonMobil 

  Menu 


 ExpandEnergy 




Natural gas

 Environment and safety 
 Operations 
 Policy 
 Technology 






Oil

 Environment and safety 
 Policy 
 Technology 







Outlook for Energy

 Highlights 
 Transportation 
 Natural gas 
 Technology 
 Power generation 
 Role of oil 
 Charts 
 Videos 
 Downloads 







Research and development

 Advanced biofuels 
 Approach 
 University collaborations 








 ExpandTechnology 




Carbon capture and storage

 Advanced carbonate fuel cell technology 
 Controlled freeze zone 
 Developing cutting edge technology 



Deepwater drilling

 Environment and safety 
 Technology 






Energy efficiency

 Cogeneration 
 Mitigating greenhouse gas emissions in our operations 



Exploration and production

 Gas processing 
 High-performance computing 
 Seismic imaging 







Extended reach technology

 Environment and safety 
 Technology 



Hydraulic fracturing

 Environment and safety 
 Technology 







Liquefied natural gas

 Environment and safety 
 Operations 
 Policy 
 Technology 



Vehicle technologies

 Advanced motor oils 
 Advanced plastics 







 ExpandCurrent issues 




Accountability

 Conflict minerals 
 Political involvement 
 Transparency 



Arctic

 Experience 
 Presence 
 Working in the Arctic 
 Community of respect 






Climate

 ExxonMobil's perspective 
 Engaging on climate change 
 Meeting global needs 
 Reducing emissions 
 Driving innovation 
 Promoting efficiency 
 Understanding #ExxonKnew 



Energy policy

 LNG exports 
 U.S. energy policy 







Global Energy Trade

 Global energy commerce 
 U.S. LNG exports 
 Trade agreements and policy 



Oil sands

 Canadian oil sands 
 New and emerging technologies 



Hydraulic fracturing

 Environment and safety 
 Technology 







U.S. tax policy

 American competitiveness 
 Current tax issues 
 U.S. tax and duty payments 



Water

 Fundamentals 
 Policy considerations 
 Water and energy 
 Water framework 








 ExpandEnvironment 




Emergency preparedness

 Spill prevention and response 






Environmental performance

 Air emissions reductions 
 Ecosystem services 
 Environmental drilling initiatives 
 Environmental stewardship 
 Freshwater management 
 Site remediation 
 Spill performance 





 


 





 ExpandCommunity 




Corporate Citizenship Report

 Download the full report and highlights 
 About this report 
 Safety, health and the workplace 
 Environmental performance 
 Managing climate change risks 
 Community and social impact 
 Local development and supply chain management 
 Corporate governance 
 Feedback 






Human rights

 Managing community impacts 
 Respecting rights 
 Security concerns 



Local economic development

 Our approach 
 Local economic growth and development 
 Supplier development 
 Supply chain management 



Malaria

 Partners 
 Program 
 Successes 
 World Malaria Day 







Math and science

 Be an engineer 
 Bernard Harris Summer Science Camp 
 Change the Equation 
 Diversity and international initiatives 
 Mickelson ExxonMobil Teachers Academy 
 National Math and Science Initiative 
 Think it up 
 Other programs 




Socioeconomics

 Indigenous peoples 
 Cultural heritage and diversity 
 Human rights 
 Land use and resettlement 
 Transparency and anti-corruption 
 Community relations 
 Economic development 







Teacher Appreciation Week

 Let's celebrate our teachers 



Women's economic opportunity

 African First Ladies Summit 
 Award-winning mobile service for women entrepreneurs 
 Investing in women 
 Partners 
 Roadmap for promoting women’s economic empowerment 



Worldwide giving

 Employee giving 
 ExxonMobil Foundation 
 Giving guidelines 
 Worldwide Giving Report 








 ExpandCompany 




About us

 Guiding principles 
 History 
 Management 
 Safety and health 



Careers

 Career opportunities 
 Employment policies 
 Global diversity 
 Our employees 






Consumer products and services

 Customer support 
 ExxonMobil payment and rewards 
 Station locator 
 Motor oils 



Contact us

 Directory 
 Email us 
 Request a speaker 
 Business solicitation and recruiting scams 



Multimedia

 Apps 
 Energy lives hereTM 
 Energy Quiz 
 Publications 
 the Lamp 







Corporate governance

 Additional policies and guidelines 
 Board committees 
 Board of directors 
 By-laws 
 Certificate of incorporation 
 Code of ethics and business conduct 
 Contact directors 
 Corporate officers 
 Ethics 
 Guidelines 
 Powers of the board 







News and updates

 News releases and alerts 
 Media contacts 
 Speeches 
 Energy Factor



Worldwide operations

 Brands and products 
 Business divisions 
 Technology Licensing & Catalysts 
 Crude Trading 
 Locations 









  Search 

Navigation Search Bar
Search







Search















 






 ExxonMobil Announces Election of David Rosenthal as Vice President and Controller and Jeffrey Woodbury as Vice President of Investor Relations and Secretary 







    Aug 6, 2014 - 11:03 AM EDT  



      Dateline:          




                    IRVING, Texas        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:XOM 






IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Exxon 
      Mobil Corporation’s (NYSE:XOM) board of directors has elected David 
      S. Rosenthal as vice president and controller and Jeffrey J. Woodbury as 
      vice president of investor relations and secretary, effective Sept. 1.
    

      Rosenthal, 58, is currently vice president of investor relations and 
      secretary. He began his career with Exxon in 1979 as a financial analyst 
      at Exxon Chemical Americas in Houston, Texas.
    

      After holding a variety of financial and management positions of 
      increasing responsibility in Exxon Chemical Americas and Exxon Company 
      U.S.A., Rosenthal was appointed finance and administration manager of 
      Exxon's copper mining subsidiary in Santiago, Chile in 1994. He became 
      financial reporting manager for Exxon Corporation in 1997 and the 
      following year was made finance and administration manager for Exxon 
      Exploration Company.
    

      Rosenthal became controller of ExxonMobil Production Company in 2002 and 
      was assistant controller for Exxon Mobil Corporation for two years prior 
      to being elected to his current position in 2008.
    

      A native of Denver, Colorado, Rosenthal is a graduate of the University 
      of Georgia, where he received both a bachelors and masters degree in 
      business administration. He is a member of Financial Executives 
      International.
    

      Woodbury, 54, is currently vice president of safety, security, health 
      and environment for Exxon Mobil Corporation.
    

      He joined Exxon Corporation in 1983 as a reservoir engineer in Los 
      Angeles, California and held various technical, planning, operations and 
      management positions with Exxon Company USA, Esso Australia and 
      ExxonMobil Production Company.
    

      In 2001, Woodbury became president of ExxonMobil Canada and production 
      manager for Eastern Canada before moving to Moscow in 2003, where he was 
      president for ExxonMobil Russia. In 2005, Woodbury was appointed vice 
      president for engineering at ExxonMobil Production Company and in 2007 
      as vice president for LNG Infrastructure for ExxonMobil Development 
      Company.
    

      He was named executive vice president of ExxonMobil Development Company 
      in 2009 and appointed to his current role in 2011.
    

      Woodbury graduated from the University of Southern California with both 
      a bachelors and masters of science degree in petroleum engineering.
    

      He is board chairman of the National Safety Council, is on the board of 
      councilors of the University of Southern California Viterbi School of 
      Engineering and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
    

About ExxonMobil


ExxonMobil, 
      the largest publicly traded international oil and gas company, uses 
      technology and innovation to help meet the world’s growing energy needs. 
      ExxonMobil holds an industry-leading inventory of resources, is the 
      largest refiner and marketer of petroleum products, and its chemical 
      company is one of the largest in the world. For more information, visit www.exxonmobil.com.
    
 



      Contact:          




       ExxonMobilMedia Relations, 972-444-1107     














 news releasesspeechespublicationsadvertisingnewsfeedsapps  quick linksEnergy OutlookCorporate Citizenship ReportFinancial & Operating Review 


Search Press Releases




Search this site: 





























