

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















	Veneer Sheets can be matched to your needs and are available in a variety of sizes in both vertical and horizontal graining





























































Veneer Sheets










Our Sheets can be purchased with the following backers :

5 mil paper backer
10 mil paper backer
20 mil paper backer
30 mil paper backer
3M pressure sensitive adhesive
phenolic backer

We can have the sheets book matched, running matched , slip matched, plank matched, center matched, and balance matched.
We can have 4’ x 8’, 4’ x 10’, 5’ x 8’ and 5’ x 10’ made to suit our customer’s needs in both vertical and horizontal graining.
Return to Products Page...
















Speak to a “LIVE” Friendly DC Distributing Team Member Same Day Shipping of all stocked products In-House gluing and slitting  And many more services...
Toll Free: (800) 727-0917
Phone: (717) 259-1669
Fax: 1-888-633-5923

Email Us Here! 

















Copyright 2017 DC Distributing

Terms of Service   |   
Contact Us   |   
Homepage   |   
Login



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Wooden Jack-O-Lantern | Recycled Wooden Pumpkin | UncommonGoods




















































































 wish lists
registry
Our Blog: The Goods



Sign In




Email Address:

Password:





Forgot your password?







New Here?

create my account






Hi, 

my account
 wish lists
order lookup
sign out













































checkout






 Added to cart!



keep shopping


checkout






























































View Life Size Image







Wooden Jack-O-Lantern


created by
Margaret Taylor





$48.00


$ 9.95











created by
Margaret Taylor
read more about the maker










					Wooden Jack-O-Lantern
					Jack-O-Lantern
						
		      				
								SALE
								
									$9.95
								
								
							
							
						
					
						
							
								- SOLD OUT
							
							
						
					
					







































add to wish list






Email
Share
Save









the story
the maker
details
shipping











The Great Pumpkin
No need to scour the pumpkin patch, the best jack-o-lantern is right here! From its toothy grin, friendly eyes and cute little nose, this large, festive pumpkin is the perfect addition to any porch. Rustic leaves and weathered paint give it a wonderful handmade, charmingly rustic look. Handmade by artist Margaret Taylor in Georgia.Please note: Because this is a seasonal item, when we sell out we will not be able to get more for this holiday season. We apologize for any inconvenience.



get the details







Made in 













created by
Margaret Taylor
location
Georgia



 
Margaret Taylor's business of creating artful picture frames, mirrors, furniture, birdhouses, garden and wall art actually began as a hobby. Taylor gained experience and knowledge helping her father on house projects. She was inspired by the fundamental beauty of paint and texture, and she soon gained the confidence and ability to imagine and create anything. Her business, Dryads Dancing, is now in its eleventh year.

Taylor has recently started working with other artists and designers, such as Simone Wilson. The purpose of the business is to make art that is unique, affordable and available.









Handmade
Recycled



Made from



									
									
										
										
										tin,
										
									
								
							
								
								
								
									
									
										
										
										pine wood,
										
									
								
							
								
								
								
									
									
										
										recycled material


Measurements


24" H x 13" W x 3" D


Item ID


16775


Still haven't found the details you're looking for? Check out our Product Q&A!

add to registry
  







 Most of our items are in stock and will ship quickly. Orders for in-stock items placed before 5pm ET Monday through Friday, excluding Federal holidays, will ship:


Economy shipping:


within 8 days, arriving no later than the 9th business day after the order was placed.


Standard shipping:


within 4 days, arriving 5 business days after the order was placed.


Preferred shipping:


within 2 days, arriving 3 business days after the order was placed.


Expedited shipping:


within 1 day, arriving 2 business days after the order was placed.


Express shipping:


will ship the same day and arrive 1 business day later.


 This item has been discontinued. When it sells out, it will no longer be available. We apologize for any inconvenience. 



















also by Margaret Taylor 



 








				Repurposed Layered Wood Frames
				


				$34.00
			











				Reclaimed Tin & Wood Magnetic Frame
				


				$25.00
			







you might also like














					Long Distance Touch Lamp


					
							$150.00
					
					









					New York Times Custom Birthday Book


					
							$99.95
					
					









					Construction Plate & Utensils


					
							$17.50
					
					









					City Map Glass


					
							$14.00
					
					









					Personalized Whiskey Barrel


					
							$200.00
					
					









					Dog Bowl Water Bottle


					
							$15.00
					
					











Reviews
Product Q&A





























Thanks for sharing!






To:



From:



Message:
Hi there! I wanted to share this cool thing I just found at UncommonGoods:







Wooden Jack-O-Lantern on uncommongoods.com 
 





		















ok
cancel




















































	
    Antique Hand Painted Wood Jack Russell Terrier Dog Sculpture | Kathy Kuo Home
























































































































Free Shipping Every Day
up to 70% off 100+ new arrivals in the warehouse sale







CALL: 1-888-908-2925












Kathy Kuo HomeFurniture, Lighting & Home Decor
















My Cart
0




View shopping cart
CHECKOUT NOW






















Your brower does not have JavaScript enabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to view this site























Home
>
Decorative Accessories
>
Sculptures & Objects
>
Antique Hand Painted Wood Jack Russell Terrier Dog Sculpture



























view full size










SHOP THE ROOM#kathykuohome Tag your photos for a chance to be featured.









 

            ﻿                   
                
                    Antique Hand Painted Wood Jack Russell Terrier Dog Sculpture
                




$105.00


SKU#: 002070 




 

The pure charm of antique toys is celebrated in this wooden figure depicting mans best friend. An excellent addition to rustic farmhouses and even industrial in ... more
The pure charm of antique toys is celebrated in this wooden figure depicting mans best friend. An excellent addition to rustic farmhouses and even industrial influenced spaces.&nbspless

















 














quantity: 1


quantity
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20







Item has been discontinued.
























Share on Pinterest





















		                                Thanks for sharing! Enter your e-mail address here, and we will send you the code for
		                                10% OFF your next full-price purchase.





By submitting your e-mail address, you agree to our
		                                terms.
		                                Continue








Share on Facebook












Share on Twitter
Tweet











Share on Google Plus












Share on Tumblr











Email This Item
Print This Item
Questions? Contact Us






 

SPECIFICATIONS

10.5 inches high x 17.5 inches wide x 4 inches deep
Constructed from wood
Hand painted
Free Shipping.






  SHIPPING
FREE Standard Shipping on all orders within the contiguous US. Premium white glove delivery available for additional shipping fee. Learn more
DELIVERY
Ships within 14 business days. Please allow up to 1 additional week transit time for your item to arrive.

RETURNSThis is a final sale item and non-returnable.














Customer Reviews
There are currently no reviews for this item. Be the first.Write a review







Have a question about this product?&nbspAsk Us







Have a question about this product?
Enter your name, email, and question below, and we'll get back to you before you can say "chinoiserie"
There are errors with the information you have entered below.

*First Name

*Last Name

*Email

*Question











We Also Love...


















  Rustic Wire Decorative Bird Cages - Set of 2

$135.00  
                                      








  Whimsical Dragonfly Frog Sculpture

$226.00  
                                      








  Industrial Rustic Metal Large Letter A 36 Inch

$204.00  
                                      








  Octopus Coastal Beach Cast Iron Antique Silver Bronze Shelf Sculpture

$105.00  
                                      








  Modern Rustic Sculpted Plaster and Wood Ibex Horn Sculpture

$142.50  
                                      








  Rustic Iron Hand Forged Fountain Pen Sculpture Paper Weight

$43.00  
                                      








  Trio Sparrows Birds On a Branch Sculpture

$208.99  
                                      








  Antique Reproduction Global Bazaar Livestock Cowbell Sculpture Stand 3

$115.00  
                                      








  French Country Wood Carved Crest Sculpture on Stand

$324.00  
                                    SALE $162.00








  Antique Bronze Ceramic Meditating Buddha Lotus Seat Sculpture - 23 Inch

$428.00  
                                      








  Antique Reproduction Ferris Wheel Circus Model Votive Holder Sculpture

$382.99  
                                      








  Antique White Ceramic Meditating Buddha Lotus Seat Sculpture- 23 Inch

$429.00  
                                      








  Industrial Loft Iron Mechanics Wheel Sculpture - 6 Inch

$35.00  
                                      








  Industrial Rustic Metal Small Letter B 18 Inch

$136.00  
                                      








  Rustic Iron Hand Forged Sculpted Spectacles Glasses Paper Weight

$60.00  
                                      





















X
Everyday FREE Standard Shipping


                        We offer FREE Standard Shipping for all orders within the contiguous United States.On small items, this includes a no signature required, parcel delivery.For larger items, a signature-required threshold delivery is made into the first
dry area or garage with no stair carries or debris removal.
                    
Want an upgrade? You’ve got choices.



premium white glove
4 hour window, by appointment delivery.Signature required.Stair carry for up to 1 flight of stairs. 2 person in-room placement and debris removal.

$199
1 item


--or--


$299
2 or more items



Assembly
All the perks & cost of Premium White Glove delivery--PLUS--30 minute, non technical assembly.Does not include electrical component hookup.
+$99
per item


*Does not apply to international orders.









Email This Item









 wants to share the following from  www.kathykuohome.com :
                

                    ""
                






Antique Hand Painted Wood Jack Russell Terrier Dog Sculpture

http://www.kathykuohome.com/Product/Detail/2070

The pure charm of antique toys is celebrated in this wooden figure depicting mans best friend. An excellent addition to rustic farmhouses and even industrial influenced spaces.










All form fields are required.


Your Email








Sending Message

Do not close this window



















        useful information



            Customer Service


Contact Us
Shipping Policy
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
International Shipping
Gift Cards




            My Account


Account Information
Order History
My Addresses
Pay Methods
Wishlist
Sign in to Trade




            Our Company


About Kathy Kuo Home
Our Trade Program
Interior Design Services
Our Products
Press & Media
Become an Affiliate




Contact Us
My Account
Order History
Shipping Policy
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy




About Kathy Kuo Home
Our Trade Program

Interior Design Services
Press & Media
Become an Affiliate
Gift Cards






usdChange




SIGN UP & SAVE 10%

 




          let's be social


instagram

pinterest

facebook

twitter

polyvore

google-plus

youtube

tumblr









         


      © 2017 Kathy Kuo Home

      Desktop Version









Xclose this page
Shop & Ship International


             We ship to any country in the world, from Australia to Zimbabwe. Bring beautiful design and standout interiors to your very own corner of the world.
            



continue to our international site

- OR -
ship to usa


What to Expect at Checkout: All prices at Checkout are shown in your selected international currency. The order total shown covers all costs required to deliver your Kathy Kuo Home order internationally—and it’s guaranteed at the exchange rate in effect the moment you complete your transaction. For example, if you live in the U.S. but wish to ship to a recipient in another country, simply choose your shipping destination, then set your preferred currency to USD. Your order total will be shown in USD at Checkout and is guaranteed to cover all international delivery costs.
Note: Due to size and/or product restrictions, we cannot ship select items to international destinations. However, you can still purchase any oversized Kathy Kuo Home product and have it shipped to any country by requesting an International Quote. If your item is too large for standard international shipping, simply contact us for an International Quote, and we will email you a quote in U.S. dollars for the purchase and delivery of that item to anywhere in the world.




                















X








X



 






				 

				SUBMIT













Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software





























































 





























Kaufmann Mercantile - Cedar Wood Boot Jack At KM


















+1 (855) 848-3778     M−F     9AM−6PM EST





free shipping on all u.s. orders over $200






Free Returns in the U.S.




shop AHALIFE












 New

 Gifts


Sale


Home

 Kitchen


Accessories

 Office

 Beauty

 Outdoors

 Garden

 Field Notes











Shop All New 


What's New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					









Shop All Home
								Decor 
 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					














Decor 
							












 Storage
									& Cleaning 
							












 Craft
									& Sewing 
							












Bar 
							










Shop All Kitchen 
 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					













 Coffee
									& Tea 
							













Cooking, Canning & Baking 
							













Cutlery & Cutting Boards 
							












 Serving 
							













Food Storage & Cleaning 
							










Shop All Accessories 

 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					














Bags 
							













Pocket Friendly & Every Day Carry 
							













Wear 
							












 Cases
									& Closures 
							










Shop All Office 

 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					













 Writing
									Instruments 
							












 Notebooks
									& Stationery 
							












 Desktop
									& Deskdrawer 
							












 Organization 
							












 Scissors
									& Utility Knives 
							










Shop All Beauty 
 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					













 Shaving 
							












 Hair
									Care 
							












 Bath
									& Body 
							










Shop All Tools
								& Outdoors 
 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					













 Tools 
							












 Camp
									Gear 
							













Bike, Sports & Play 
							










Shop All Garden 

 What's
								New 
					
 Best
								Sellers 
					













 Garden
									Tools 
							












 Garden
									Wear & Maintenance 
							












 Outdoor
									Living 
							












Seeds 
							


































Garden /
					
					
				
					
					
						Garden Wear and Maintenance






 Left

















































why this product
use & care
production & design



		        		why this product
		        	

A good pair of boots deserves respect. We clean them, we condition them, we have them weather-proofed and re-soled, we may even rub them with exotic oils and liniments, all in the name of prolonging their life span. Because when you put on a good pair of boots, odds are they’re about to take a beating.  
As it turns out, what happens when you take those boots off can be just as important to preserving their longevity. With its low profile and simple shape, the humble boot jack might not look like much, but it’s ingeniously efficient and easy to use. Instead of resorting to the same violent game of tug of war, this lightweight tool makes it possible to remove your boots without putting any undue stress on the stitching and soles. Because you remain standing throughout the whole process, it’s also easy on the back — a nice way to show yourself the same care you devote to your favorite footwear.


		        		use & care
		        	

After laying the boot jack flat on the ground so that the perpendicular lip faces down and creates a see-saw effect, place the heel of one boot inside the semi-circular groove. Next, firmly press your other foot down on the end of the board that rests on the ground. You have now created enough powerful leverage to lift your foot free from the tallest, most tenacious boot.
To care for the boot jack, lightly sand with 120 grit sandpaper to revive the cedar's natural aroma. Over time you can expect the cedar, which begins as a mix of red and white grain, to develop a more brown appearance.


		        		production & design
		        	

Turned from Eastern red cedar scrap wood from the West Virginia forest region. The wood is kiln dried in a large oven, fueled by sawdust byproduct from wood cut in the manufacturer's own plant.  
The small New Hampshire manufacturer employs a cellular manufacturing process where the cedar items go from one process to the next, with one person in charge of each step. After being cut and shaped, the raw cedar boot jack is sanded and finished by hand.






about the designer











Cedar Wood Boot Jack

PRICEBUCKETLT50



$25.00

$25.00





Kaufmann Mercantile
 from New York, NY













You Get Free Shipping!
											    	This product qualifies forfree shipping.  Details.


PRODUCTSOLDOUT




 


Love this Product? Add to your KM collection








All options are required.
This item is currently not available.
Sorry, this combination is not available.







Share




p:149000042959
Handmade boot jack crafted from naturally aromatic red cedar wood. Ensures ease and comfort when removing your boots while preserving the integrity and longevity of their stitching and soles. This lightweight, durable tool is made in the USA. 
https://cdn1.ahalife.com/uploads/onboarding/images/427_open-uri20130816-17199-1ss7r6w.jpg
Cedar Wood Boot Jack by Kaufmann Mercantile
product














Description
Shipping & Returns
Guarantee




Handmade boot jack crafted from naturally aromatic red cedar wood. Ensures ease and comfort when removing your boots while preserving the integrity and longevity of their stitching and soles. This lightweight, durable tool is made in the USA. 


More Details





Technical Specifications: DIMENSIONS15" x 5.75" x 2.75" (38 cm x 14.6 cm x 7 cm)MATERIALSEastern red cedarMADE INVermont, USA


Shipping Dimensions: 
H 1.0 Inches
x
W 1.0 Inches
x
L 1.0 Inches


Product Code: V176000281687








Shipping & Returns


										This item ships directly from
										
										Kaufmann Mercantile
in
Raleigh, NC


										Item is ready to ship in 2 Business Day(s). Delivery date will vary depending on your shipping address.
									

										International orders may experience possible delays and take longer to arrive.
									

We accept complimentary returns within 14 days of receipt if the item is unused and in original condition.







Kaufmann Mercantile is committed to help you live a conscious and inspired life.
Many of the items you discover here are exclusive to Kaufmann Mercantile, which is what makes our community of designers and artisans so special.
If you find one of our products anywhere else for less than it's being sold on our site, we will match it. No questions asked.
Our dedicated Concierge Team is here to help. Reach out any time at:

concierge@kaufmann-mercantile.com
(646) 454-1110

								Monday through Friday, 9am to 6pm EST
						




Have Questions? Just ask our Concierge Team


More products from this brand










QUICK VIEW


Beeswax Birthday Candles
$8.00
Kaufmann Mercantile
from New York, NY










QUICK VIEW


Buffalo Check Mackinaw Wool Cap
$59.00
Kaufmann Mercantile
from New York, NY










QUICK VIEW


Burroughs Beard Oil
$21.00
Kaufmann Mercantile
from New York, NY






3 Left




QUICK VIEW


Carbon Steel Detailing Knife
$22.00
Kaufmann Mercantile
from New York, NY









Most Sought AfterSee All










QUICK VIEW


Moore & Giles Fine Leather Work Apron "Capps"
$375.00
Moore & Giles
from Lynchburg, VA










QUICK VIEW


Moore & Giles Fine Leather and Shearling Accessories Case
$180.00
Moore & Giles
from Lynchburg, VA










QUICK VIEW


Menu Marble Wall Clock
$200.00
Menu
from Copenhagen, Denmark










QUICK VIEW


Moore & Giles Fine Leather Travel Envelope "Smith"
$195.00
Moore & Giles
from Lynchburg, VA
















Just Added













Free U.S. Shipping & Returns on Orders over $200
Plus international delivery to 220+ countries.




Discover the best.
Shop from 4000+ designers and artisans in 45+ countries.




Need help?
Our Concierge Team is standing by.
















Just Added




































                Thanks for Becoming a member
            

                Congratulations on becoming a KM insider!
            

                You're now also part of rewards program. Automatically get 1 for ever $1 you spend, plus an additional
                50 with your first purchase. Learn More.
            

                You've just earned 50. Get 1 point for ever $1 you spend, plus a bonus 50 with your first purchase.
            

                You're now part of rewards program. Automatically get 50 for ever $1 you spend. Learn More.
            

Shop Now


Close












Products






































Wood Chips















Chips were created to add wood smoke flavor to food when using alternative fuel such as gas or electricity; however, they can also be used  with charcoal.


See the WOOD CHIP page for details.









Wood Chunks














Chunks can be used with charcoal to add smoke flavor, or they can replace charcoal as the fuel source altogether.


See the WOOD CHUNK page for details.








Wood Mini Logs














Mini Logs are intended for smokers that have large fire boxes and as firewood for fire pits and fireplaces.


See the MINI LOG page for details.








Lump Charcoal












Lump Charcoal is natural charcoal.  Use it wherever you would typically use briquettes.


See the LUMP CHARCOAL page for details.








Spices



Spices produced by WESTERN were created by some of the best Competition Cooks in the nation.  We currently offer Jack Daniel's Rubs and Steak Seasoning with a whole lot more to come.


See SPICES page for details.









Accessories


JACK DANIEL'S BBQ PRODUCTS



We've got just about everything you need for a great BBQ experience.
 
See the ACCESSORIES 
page for details.





The quality of Jack Daniel's extends into the world of barbecue with products, accessories, and a world barbecue competition to boot.
 
See the JACK DANIEL'S
page for more details.










100% NATURAL - In today’s world we have all learned the value of a natural product, especially when it comes to cooking. There are no chemicals used in any part of manufacturing our wood products. Also because of the purity of wood products vs. charcoal briquettes they only leave about a 2% residual ash in your BBQ pit to clean out. Charcoal briquettes depending on the quality will leave between 18% - 28% residual ash due to all the chemical binders that hold the briquettes together. Although several people add cooking chunks to their charcoal fire for flavor, the only way to cook completely naturally is to use 100% wood.


QUALITY – W W Wood, Inc. has been manufacturing cooking wood products for more than 25 years. Over these years we have realized the importance of consistency to you, our customers. We take great pride in the sizing and the drying process we use in the production of our wood products. The monitoring of the consistency of the moisture content we provide you our customer is what sets us apart from most cooking wood producers. Our products are dried in approximate batches of 10,000 pounds.  Each batch is tested for moisture content and recorded for guaranteed consistency.


STARTS FAST, BURNS HOTTER – Because we dry our product to a consistent moisture content, this not only kills any bugs that may be in the natural wood, but it also helps in the fire starting process of your barbeque. Our dried wood will allow you to start your fire and be ready to cook within 15-20 minutes. Remember, these are hardwood chunks, which burn hotter and longer than charcoal briquettes so be very careful when you are first learning to use them so as not to burn your food. Cooking off to the side of the fire will help you to prevent over-cooking until you have mastered this fuel in your pit. It may take a bit longer to cook your food at first, but once you become accustomed to using wood, there is no better fuel on the market today for adding great flavor and texture to your barbeque dishes.

















830.569.2501  |  info@woodinc.com  |  © Copyright  Western Premium BBQ Products, Inc.



Privacy Policy















Products | Wood-Jack

































































Home
About Us
Products
Gallery
Furniture

Furniture
Seating
Storage
Table


Testimonials
Contact
Links









844-966-3645































Products
Patiently crafted, not manufactured. Fitted and finished by hand using traditional carpentry tools and old world methods.
Here are some of our favorite and popular builds, some available for immediate delivery, some left unfinished waiting for your choice of stain.
We specialize in custom builds, as no project is too small or too complex for us to complete.
We welcome orders of any quantity, and deliver on this promise.
We archive all blueprints of designs, giving you a hand at complete customization.
 
 
 
SOLUTIONS

custom bars
custom builds
custom ceilings
libraries
custom stairs
hardwood mill-work
custom wine cellars
closets
fireplaces
window corners
bay window seating
display cabinets
aquatic stands & canopies

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































