6% Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans - Knowles Systems6% Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans - Knowles Systems                        Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans888-518-3113   AboutOur CultureFamily HistoryOur TeamTestimonialsCareer OpportunitiesProcessThe Knowledge of UOne Stop for LifeMoney StrategiesProductsCommercial Mortgage Bridge LoansTax Free StrategiesKey Man PolicyPremium Finance & Premium LeverageBlogContact   Search for:     6% Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans Home - Finance - 6% Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans24May6% Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans 0 0 FinanceThere are several reasons why the mortgage bridge loans are so safe:1.The company putting these deals together does extensive financial underwriting of the commercial real estate borrower to make absolutely sure they are in great financial position to be able to repay the loan interest and principal as agreed. In many cases, they have dealt with the same borrowers for many years and have a long track record with them.2.You as the lender are placed in first position on the mortgage note so you have priority over any other creditors and are fully secured.3.The commercial property is appraised conservatively by an independent appraiser.4.The maximum the borrower is allowed to borrow is 30%- 64% of the property’s value (example 50% loan-to-value ratio (LTV)) so there is plenty of equity to fall back on in the super- unlikely case that the property had to be foreclosed on.5. The company guarantees in writing that it will make all payments of interest and principal to you, the lender, in case the underlying borrower does not make any interest or principal payments when due. There is also a reserve fund already set aside with millions of dollars to make those payments even though it has never been used.6.The mortgage bridge loan does not trade,and therefore your principal is always safe and you get your principal back in 12-24 months. In contrast, you may earn a 6% yield from a stock, bond or mutual fund, but that security can drop in value far more than 6% quickly, wiping out the net impact of the yield you receive. Your stock, bond or mutual fund may never recover so your principal is not secure.If you have an IRA or Roth IRA or SEP IRA or any other tax qualified plan you can roll it over to a self directed IRA at Provident Trust which is set up to handle mortgage bridge loans and use the money to invest in the Mortgage Bridge program.Call us at 888-518-3113 for more information —ABOUT THE AUTHORKnowles SystemsRecent PostPopular Post   Law of the Garbage TruckBy Lynette Robbins25 Apr, 2017   How the best deals in Real Estate are Commercial Mortgage Bridge LoansBy Lynette Robbins07 Apr, 2017   Retired and Looking for Yield? Commercial Mortgage Notes May Be the Answer.By Lynette Robbins31 Mar, 2017   Law of the Garbage TruckBy Lynette Robbins25 Apr, 2017  Scammers charging $9.84 to stolen credit card numbersBy Knowles Systems24 Apr, 2014   Randomness Is Not Your FriendBy Knowles Systems24 Apr, 2014By CategoriesAbundance 4Banking 6Business 1Commercial Mortgage Bridge Loans 1Empowerment 2Finance 38Financial 20Gratitude 3Knowledge 4Retirement 9Success 5Technology 2Features postWanting to succeed is required!By Knowles SystemsApr 10, 2014in FinanceThe most important quality essential to success is perseverance.  It overcomes almost everything, even nature. Success is connected with continuous.Scammers charging $9.84 to stolen credit card numbersBy Knowles SystemsApr 24, 2014in FinanceA new credit card scam has surfaced. The Better Business Bureau says credit card users should be looking for a. Randomness Is Not Your FriendBy Knowles SystemsApr 24, 2014in FinanceWould you rather have a life of predictability or a life of randomness? Let’s try a simple math exercise. Pick.Social media                                    XNEWSLETTERGet timely updates from your favorite products     










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC: Board Committees & Members - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:42 AM ET

Company Overview of Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



There is no Committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Active Committee Members by CompetitorSymbolCommittee MemberNumber of CommitteesThere is no Active Committee Members data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC  Funding details


Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001650261IRS Number: 474663649Address: 14225 VENTURA BOULEVARD, SUITE 100  SHERMAN OAKS 91423Phone number: 866-865-7044



Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-22New Form D$100,000,000Yet To Sell$100,000,000$50,000006c[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC
Key People in Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC:

Robert Shapiro
Similar companiesWoodbridge Pre-Settlement Funding, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 1, LLC, Woodbridge REIT Inc., Woodbridge Pre-Settlement Funding 2, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 2, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 3, LLC, Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 3A, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 4, LLC








Last visited companies: JOHNSTON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUND II LP, Johnny's Holding, LLC, Juju Inc, Kareo Inc, Lindahl Wind Farm, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC $100,000,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC $100,000,000 Financing
Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC just submitted form D announcing $100,000,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $100,000,000. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $50,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-22. Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC is based in  14225 VENTURA BOULEVARD, SUITE 100  SHERMAN OAKS 91423. The firm's business is Other. The firm's revenue range is No Revenues. The form was signed by  Robert Shapiro.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001650261




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

14225 VENTURA BOULEVARD, SUITE 100

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


SHERMAN OAKS
CALIFORNIA
91423
866-865-7044


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Shapiro
Robert


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


14225 Ventura Blvd.
Suite 100


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Sherman Oaks
CALIFORNIA
91423



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



X
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


X
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


  
Rule 506(b)


X
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$50,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$100,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$100,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC
Robert Reed
Robert Reed
Authorized Signer
2016-11-22


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-22New Form D$100,000,000Yet To Sell$100,000,000$50,000006c[view]
Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC List of ExecutivesRobert Shapiro











Last visited: MONOMOY CAPITAL PARTNERS III, L.P., Marshall Wace Fund PLC - MW TOPS ERISA Fund, Magnitude Total Portfolio Fund, L.P., Merchants Bancorp, Meryx Inc.

								© 
							


















Learn About Our High Yield, Short Term Bridge Loans | Woodbridge




























866-941-8631





Learn More
						




New Product  Coming Soon!
						











Learn More
						
















 Commercial Bridge Loan Fund FAQ's


What are the anticipated returns for the Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund?

					The Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund was established to provide a yield of 6% to unit holders.


Am I investing directly in actual mortgages and real estate?

					No. Units represent participation in a diversified fund of flexible, short-term, bridge loans secured by commercial mortgages.


Do I have to tie up my capital for a long period of time?

					No. Woodbridge is committed to providing clients with the flexibility they deserve. The holding period for units is one year, at which time principal is returned to investors. However, investors who rollover their holdings each year for five years may earn an additional 1% on their capital contribution.


Are units in the Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund risky?

					Every investment carries uncertainty. With respect to units in the Fund, if a commercial real estate property value collateralizing a loan declines and becomes lower than the value of the loan, investors bear the risk of potential principal loss if prices do not recover. Prospective investors are urged to read the offering memorandum, available upon request, including without limitation the section entitled “Risk Factors.”


How does the Fund manage risk?

					The Fund does not and will not lend an amount greater than 50% of the value of the property securing the loan’s collateral, and each loan will be the only one secured by that particular commercial mortgage. Additionally, the one-year term of units shortens the period over which real estate values may fall. If values do fall, the geographic mix and diversity of property types securing the loans held by the Fund means declines in real estate values may be isolated, limiting losses to the portfolio at large.


How do I know the underlying mortgages are sound and prudent?

					Our finance team has a proven track record of success with a variety of markets, property types, and market conditions. This experience is coupled with appraisals, broker price options and comprehensive title searches. Any documentation such as appraisals, title etc. can be provided upon request on any portion of the portfolio.


Who can invest in the Fund?

					The Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund is open to accredited investors.


What is the minimum required investment in the Fund?

					The minimum required investment is $100,000. Units of less than $100,000 may be considered on a case-by-case basis.


  What types of funds can I use for lending?

Lenders can use qualified or non-qualified funds, an IRA, Trust, LLC, Pension, 401k or lend in their own name.


   How can I get started?
Please click here to request an Offering Memorandum.





"I became a Woodbridge Wealth client soon after I retired. I wanted an additional income stream and was willing to put some of my capital to work to accomplish that, if I could find the right fit. The Woodbridge team was patient, transparent, and honest with me. They directed me to the product that delivered what I needed in precisely the manner in which I needed it." – Sheldon Goldman


Second Quarterly Market Analysis 2017
				





Our Q2 Quarterly Analysis provides an investigation into the major headlines of Q2.
























 Download our eBook































Close
















Download Additional Information About Our Financial Options


Take a look at our brochures, frequently asked questions, etc...
				






Download
				












Submit a Pass-It-On Enrollment Form


A financial planner referral program for first position commercial mortgage notes...
				






Enroll
			












15 Need-to-Know Fundamentals About Financial Alternatives


Learn how financial alternatives can help your retirement goals.
				






Download
				

















 Login



















Close























































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started














































Our Bridge Loans Earn Investors Up to 6% Annually | Woodbridge 





























866-941-8631





Learn More
						




New Product  Coming Soon!
						











Learn More
						
















Commercial Bridge Loan Fund
			
			Are you seeking more financial flexibility and independence? Partnering with us allows you to invest in a security that earns a 6% annual preferred return, payable monthly, for one year.
			
			Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC is available to accredited investors interested in potentially generating a return of 6% annually, through this meaningful, measurable investment opportunity. 
			
			The investment puts you in control. It can be held for one to five years, and you can determine each year whether to continue in the security. If the investment is held for the full-term, you’re eligible to receive an additional 1% accrued incentive, for an aggregate payout of 7% annually over five years. 
			
The Offering

$50 Million of Units
$100,000 per Unit
Total Unit Offering of 500 Units
$100,000 Minimum Investment (the Company may accept smaller subscriptions in its sole discretion)
Accredited Investors Only (Must be able to prove Accredited status)
12 month term
6% preferred dividend, per annum paid monthly
Plus an additional 1% accrued preferred dividend after five years from the date of purchase of each respective Unit

			§ Securities are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Prospective investors are urged to read the Confidential Offering Memorandum, available upon request, including without limitation the section entitled “Risk Factors.”  This message does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities.  
			
			
Get in touch with us!
			You worked hard for your money. It’s time for your money to work hard for you. We look forward to learning more about your financial goals, and how first position commercial mortgages, commercial bridge loan fund or structured settlements / annuity purchases can help deliver the financial future you deserve.
To get started, please fill out the form below to request your Woodbridge Application Package. For faster service, call one of our Woodbridge financial professionals now at 1-866-941-8631.




		


"When I was looking at financial products, I had no shortage of firm choices. What I did have a shortage of was people at those firms who took the time to listen to me instead of trying to sell me on something that didn’t fit my needs. Woodbridge offered a completely different experience. They were more interested in listening to me than selling to me. They won my respect then, and they have continued to earn it every day since." – Robert A. Daddis




15 Need-to-Know FundamentalsAbout Financial Alternatives


Learn how financial alternatives can help your retirement goals.Download the guide now. 
























 Download our eBook































Close
















Download Additional Information About Our Financial Options


Take a look at our brochures, frequently asked questions, etc...
				






Download
				












Submit a Pass-It-On Enrollment Form


A financial planner referral program for first position commercial mortgage notes...
				






Enroll
			












15 Need-to-Know Fundamentals About Financial Alternatives


Learn how financial alternatives can help your retirement goals.
				






Download
				

















 Login



















Close





















































