










 













 







Woodford Horizontal Project #12, LLC - Oil and Gas- Wise  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Woodford Horizontal Project #12, LLC

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    13140 Coit Road Suite 510  
    Dallas, TX, 75240Phone: 9725286644 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-21


New


$325,000


$325,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Chris Wise 
 Director, Executive 















WCM Industries Inc


























Click  logos  above for each individual website.
WCM Industries Inc.  Proud Manufacturers of the following Industry Leading Product Lines:



Woodford 
Wall Faucets
Wall Hydrants 
Roof Hydrants 
Yard Hydrants


Watco
Watco Bath and Lavatory Drains, Trim Kits


Isimet
Isimet Utility Controllers forScience Labs andFire Stations


Mapa
Mapa Rooftop Plumbing andPipe supports

Roger's
Roger's 
        Snowmaking
        Hydrants


Eagle Mountain Products Co.
Retail Sales





2121 Waynoka Rd. Colorado Springs, CO 80915 
             Phone 800.621.6032 | Fax 800.765.4115 
	  Email: webmaster@wcmind.com
Copyright © 2016 · All Rights Reserved · WCM Industries Inc.













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
































Woodford Manufacturing Company 1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12 in. L Freezeless Anti-Rupture Hot and Cold Sillcock-22CP-12-MH - The Home Depot














Store Finder


Truck & Tool Rental


For the Pro


Gift Cards


Credit Services


Track Order


Help












The Home Depot Logo










































			To See Inventory
			Choose A Store
























Cancel












My Account


























  Sign in  



Register





Orders & Purchases


My Credit Card Account


Account Profile


My Lists


Find a List



Sign Out










Cart
0
items










































All Departments


DIY Projects & Ideas


Home Services


Specials & Offers


Local Ad











Appliances


Bath & Faucets


Blinds & Decor


Building Materials


Doors & Windows


Electrical


Flooring & Area Rugs


Hardware


Heating & Cooling


Kitchen


Lawn & Garden


Lighting & Ceiling Fans


Outdoor Living


Paint


Plumbing


Storage & Organization


Tools






































My Account



















                All Departments
              












                DIY Projects & Ideas
              


















                Home Services
              









                Specials & Offers
              








                Local Ad
              






Store Finder


Truck & Tool Rental


For the Pro


Gift Cards


Credit Services


Track Order


Help








          Back
        

All Departments



Appliances


Bath & Faucets


Blinds & Decor


Building Materials


Doors & Windows


Electrical


Flooring & Area Rugs


Hardware


Heating & Cooling


Kitchen


Lawn & Garden


Lighting & Ceiling Fans


Outdoor Living


Paint


Plumbing


Storage & Organization


Tools








          Back
        








          Back
        
















Home












Woodford Manufacturing Company
Model # 22CP-12-MH




1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12 in. L Freezeless Anti-Rupture Hot and Cold Sillcock









Product Overview
Specifications
Questions & Answers
Customer Reviews








        Model # 22CP-12-MH
    

        Internet #204799952















share Share
        



save to list Save to List
        



print Print
        






0671090075973



            
            Woodford Manufacturing Company
        
1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12 in. L Freezeless Anti-Rupture Hot and Cold Sillcock















$10679

					/each
						















 









store icon Loading Buying Options...










package icon Loading Buying Options...












    Sorry, but we ran into issues loading these options. Please try refreshing.













































Frequently Bought Together









Product Overview





			            The Woodford Model 22 freezeless sillcock is designed to provide year round hot and cold water service regardless of outside conditions. Separate hot and cold inlet tubes and operating handles allow for manual operated water temperature control. The Woodford Model 22 has an internal resetting pressure reducing valve that prevents the faucet casing tube from bursting in. freezing conditions, even if a hose is unintentionally left connected to the faucet. An Anti-siphon backflow device protects the faucet from any potential back pressure and contaminated water flowing back into the main line and a stainless-steel seat and rubber packing prevent faucet from leaking. Repair parts are readily available.
			        

			                California residents: see  
			                
			                    Proposition 65 information 



CP inlet - 1/2 in. male pipe thread; 1/2 in. female sweat
Patented pressure relief valve (PRV) prevents bursting during freezing conditions, even if a hose is inadvertently left connected to the faucet
EPDM rubber packing helps prevent leaking behind the packing nut
Stainless steel seat to prevent from leaking at the back of the faucet
Full-circle operating threads cover the valve body and retainer for a secure and tight fit
Powder-coated die-cast aluminum oval handle for strength
Standard O in. size seat washer
No-lead solder
Repair parts readily available
12 in. wall thickness plus the 1-7/8 in. inlet = 13-7/8 in. from the back of the faucet

 


Info & Guides

Warranty


			            		You will need Adobe® Acrobat® Reader to view PDF documents.
			            		 Download
			            		a free copy from the Adobe Web site.
			            	






 




Specifications




Dimensions



Product Depth (in.)
18


Product Height (in.)
3


Product Length (in.)
18.00


Product Width (in.)
8


Valve Inlet Diameter (in.)
.50


Valve Outlet Diameter (in.)
.75



Details



Application
Water Supply


Compatible Pipe Material
Brass


Connection
MIP x Sweat


Features
Threaded


Indoor/Outdoor
Indoor,Outdoor


Material
Brass


Maximum Pressure (psi)
125


Maximum Working Temperature (F)
120


Product Weight (lb.)
4.40lb


Returnable
90-Day


Valve Type
Sillcock



Warranty / Certifications



Manufacturer Warranty
Limited one year warranty against defects in material or workmanship.

























More Products With These Features







							Connection: 
							MIP x Sweat









							Valve Inlet Diameter (in.): 
							.50









							Valve Outlet Diameter (in.): 
							.75









							Price: 
							$100 - $150









							Brand: 
							Woodford Manufacturing Company









							Review Rating: 
							4 & Up







Search







Customer Questions & Answers




bvseo_sdk, java_sdk, bvseo-3.1.1
CLOUD, getContent, 13ms
QUESTIONS, PRODUCT
bvseo-msg: The resource to the URL or file is currently unavailable.;








Customer Reviews








1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12 in. L Freezeless Anti-Rupture Hot and Cold Sillcock is rated
    5.0 out of
    5 by
    1.







            Rated 5 out of
            5
 by
        doctor from
        Perfect
This is a great addition to any beach or lake house. Installation requires knowledge of basic plumbing (soldering and pipe fitting) to connect this faucet to hot and cold pipes inside the house. All it takes to install it on the outside are two holes to slide it through the wall and two screws to attach it. Depending on your interior plumbing the entire project takes just a couple of hours start to finish. I connected it with a garden hose to a free standing shower (approx $100) in my backyard and planted bamboo plants to form a shower stall. All very inexpensive but works and looks great! All my guests and kids love it.
Date published: 2014-11-06






y_2017, m_7, d_25, h_6
bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_1.0.0-hotfix-1
cp_1, bvpage1
co_hasreviews, tv_0, tr_1
loc_, sid_204799952, prod, sort_[SortEntry(order=RELEVANCE, direction=DESCENDING)]
clientName_homedepot



bvseo_sdk, java_sdk, bvseo-3.1.1
CLOUD, getContent, 12ms
REVIEWS, PRODUCT













Related Searches



siphon outdoor faucet


brass sweat valves


brass mpt x mht


anti siphon valve outdoor faucet


mip x sweat woodford manufacturing company








Related Products







1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat Mild Climate
The Woodford Model 101 is an anti-siphon protected
The Woodford Model 101 is an anti-siphon protected sillcock designed with the classic Woodford look for irrigation and outdoor watering in. mild climate areas. The Model 101 utilizes Woodford atmospheric vent and patented check to provide anti-siphon protection. For non-freezing climates only. California residents: see &nbsp; Proposition 65 information For ...
 More +
Product Details


Close








1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12
The Woodford Model 30 freezeless sillcock automatically drains
The Woodford Model 30 freezeless sillcock automatically drains with or without a hose attached. Includes a Nidel Model 50HA double-check backflow preventer that prevents sprayback. Repair parts readily available. California residents: see &nbsp; Proposition 65 information CP inlet - 1/2 in. male pipe thread; 1/2 in. female sweat Backflow protected ...
 More +
Product Details


Close








1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12
Woodford Model 25 is an automatic draining freezeless
Woodford Model 25 is an automatic draining freezeless sillcock that drains as the handle is shut off even if hose is attached. Includes a Nidel Model 34HA single-check vacuum breaker. Repair parts readily available. California residents: see &nbsp; Proposition 65 information CP inlet - 1/2 in. male pipe thread; 1/2 ...
 More +
Product Details


Close








1/2 in. x 1/2 in. MPT x Female Sweat x 12
Woodford Model 27 is an automatic draining freezeless
Woodford Model 27 is an automatic draining freezeless sillcock that drains as the handle is shut off even if hose is attached. Includes a Nidel Model 50HA double-check backflow preventer that prevents sprayback. This unit offers anti-siphon protection only. Repair parts readily available. California residents: see &nbsp; Proposition 65 information ...
 More +
Product Details


Close







































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Woodford Shale - Woodford Shale Map -  Woodford Gas Field

























Woodford Shale - Woodford Shale Maps - Oklahoma Oil & Natural Gas Field





















Oil - Natural Gas News


Classified Ads - Oil & Gas


Directory


North America Shale - Index


Antrim Shale


Austin Chalk Formation


Avalon Shale


Bakken Shale Oil Field


Barnett Shale Natural Gas Field


Bossier Shale - Natural Gas Field


Cardium Shale Formation


Chainman Shale Discovery


Chattanooga Shale


Collingwood Shale


Cumnock Shale Formation


Duvernay Shale


Eagle Ford Shale Discovery


Exshaw Shale Formation


Fayetteville Shale Natural Gas Field


Granite Wash - Texas


Haynesville Shale - Natural Gas Field Map


Haynesville Shale Stocks


Horn River Basin Shale - Natural Gas Field


Huron Shale - Lower Huron Shale


Kern Oil Field - California


Marcellus Shale - Natural Gas Field


Monterey Shale


Montney Shale Formation - British Columbia Natural Gas Field


Niobrara Shale Oil Discovery


Permian Basin Oil Field - Texas


Piceance Basin


Smackover Brown Dense Formation


Tuscaloosa Marine Shale


Utica Shale - Oil & Gas Field


Wolfcamp Shale


Woodford Shale - Oil & Gas Field


Shale Jobs


Mineral Rights


China Shale


Alabama Shale Plays


ANWAR Oil Field - Alaska


Brazil Tupi Oil Field - Santos Basin


Beverly Hills - Los Angeles Oil Fields


Canadian Oil Sands


Green River Basin Oil Shale Formation


Offshore Oil Drilling


Oil Shale Gas Site Map
























Woodford Shale - Oil & Natural Gas Field - Arkoma Basin
                           Oklahoma

Looking for a Job in the Woodford Shale? Click Here

























What is the Woodford Shale Formation?  The
                                             Woodford Shale Natural Gas Field ( Oklahoma Shale ) is located in Southeastern Oklahoma.  To many oil and gas
                                             companies, the Woodford Shale field holds a promising source of Natural Gas.  This Natural Gas is trapped in the shale
                                             rock thousands of feet below the ground.  Companies first drill vertical wells, and then drill horizontally with fracturing
                                             techniques which involves fracturing  the shale rock deposits with high pressured water.  This then releases
                                             the trapped gas.  The Woodford Shale play is the result of what has happened in the Barnett Shale find for the past 20 years.  Companies have gained a vast amount of their experience drilling wells in Barnett
                                             and can use this experience along with new technologies when they drill in the Woodford Shale Gas Field.Over
                                             1,500 wells have already been drilled with many more to come.  The sweet spots located in the Woodford Shale are McIntosh
                                             County to Hughes, Coal, Pittsburg and Atoka counties.  Companies are leasing land in order to explore natural gas.  In addition, these landholders often get up to 15% royalties on the Natural Gas found in the Woodford Shale.  Fresh news in 2009, Marathon
                                             Oil has announced they are drilling in Canadian County, OK.Back to Horizontal Drilling.  Many years ago companies
                                             wouldn't be drilling this Woodford shale because of old technology's and the price of natural gas was low.  Now it makes
                                             economic sense.  Although Horizontal wells at Woodford Shale cost alot more then vertical wells, soaring natural gas
                                             prices have made these shale plays a gold mine.  Its a huge frenzy similar to the gold rush.  People are becoming
                                             millionaires just for leasing their land to natural gas companies!Geologists have know about woodford shale
                                             for a long time but companies have only started exploring it ten years ago.  Drilling only started several years ago. 
                                             This has boosted the average salary of the citizens from 26,000 to near 35,000-40,000 per year in McAlester.  Some say
                                             if you drive through Atoka, Coalgate, and McAlester, they are totally transformed.  Great wealth is being created every
                                             year.While Devon Energy drilled the first well back in 2005, many companies have taken over the Woodford Shale
                                             in hopes to strike in big.  Estimates are coming in that the Woodford Shale holds around 4 trillion cubic feet of
                                             Natural Gas.  The Woodford Shale Gas Field is not the only hot shale play out there...check out these other shale plays. 
                                             Haynesville Shale -  Marcellus Shale -  Horn River Shale - Bakken Oil Shale - Fayetteville Shale - Brazil Oil Field - Barnett Shale - Chattanooga Shale - Utica Shale

Cana-Woodford Shale - The Cana Woodford Shale is located
                                             in Western Oklahoma.  This area has become a rather nice oil play with many companies below striking oil in their acreage. 
                                             While the Cana Woodford Shale is mostly liquids rich in oil, natural gas is found there as well.  In Eastern Oklahoma
                                             we have the Woodford Shale, in Western Oklahoma we have the Cana-Woodford.  More to come on the Cana Woodford Shale very
                                             soon.....





















Woodford Shale FactsState - OklahomaThickness - 120-220 feetDepth - 6,000-12,000
                                             feetGeologic Age - MississippianReservoir Pressure -  3,000-5,000 psiBasin - Arkoma, AnadarkoCost to Drill Well - 2-3 million
















Woodfood Shale Map - Oklahoma






























Woodford Shale Stocks - Companies
                                    Drilling Woodford Shale & Cana Woodford Shale

Discuss Stocks -  http://stockstobuy.org 

Continental Resources  CLR - Continental Resources (CLR) is active in the Woodford Shale  -  Woodford Shale Play (Oklahoma)
Highlighting the Company's Anadarko Woodford operations in the first quarter was the completion of the Tom's 1-21XH (84%
                                    WI) in Blaine County in January 2012. The Tom's 1-21XH was
                                    the first multiple-unit spaced well drilled in Oklahoma, and its horizontal section was twice
                                    the length of previous Anadarko Woodford wells drilled in the play. The Tom's 1-21XH flowed 1,270 Boepd (76% oil) in its initial
                                    one-day test period.Continental expects longer laterals in the Anadarko Woodford will have a significant, positive
                                    impact on well productivity and economics. It is currently completing its second multiple-unit well.Overall, Continental
                                    participated in completing 21 gross wells in the Anadarko Woodford in the first quarter of 2012. In terms of operated wells,
                                    Continental completed 12 gross (9 net) wells in the quarter. Initial one-day test production rates for Company-operated wells
                                    in the Anadarko Woodford averaged approximately 728 Boepd.Continental currently has eight operated rigs in the Southeast
                                    Cana section of the Anadarko Woodford and two in the Northwest Cana, all of which are focused on crude oil and liquids-rich
                                    areas.In the Arkoma Woodford of Oklahoma, the Company's production was 3,637 Boepd
                                    in the first quarter of 2012, compared with 4,065 Boepd in the first quarter of 2011. Continental has suspended drilling in
                                    the Arkoma Woodford due to the low price for dry gas. At March 31, 2012, the Company
                                    had 280,610 net acres leased in the Anadarko Woodford and 36,729 in the Arkoma Woodford.

Exxon Mobile (XOM) - Exxon Mobile (XOM) Woodford Shale Update - We continue to increase our lease holdings in emerging liquids-rich
                                    plays, like the Woodford Ardmore. Our acreage
                                    position in the Woodford Ardmore play tripled
                                    in 2011 to more than 170,000 acres, with acquisition costs on a per-acre basis roughly 50% below major industry acquisitions
                                    in the Eagle Ford play. 

Devon Energy DVN -  Devon Energy (DVN) has interests in the Cana-Woodford Shale - Moving now to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma.
                                    Our Cana gas plant was back fully operational in December, following repairs of the damage incurred last May from a tornado.
                                    This helped us achieve our target exit rate for the Cana of 275 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Fourth quarter net
                                    production increased 83% over the year-ago quarter to a record 250 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, including
                                    3,100 barrels of oil and 7,400 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. This significant liquids contribution, combined with
                                    our low acreage and royalty costs, enable us to generate strong full-cycle returns in the current commodity price environment.
                                    In 2012, we plan to invest some $870 million of capital and drill nearly 200 wells in Cana. Our Cana activity will be focused
                                    in the oil and natural gas liquids-rich portion of the core area. Liquids should represent almost 40% of the production stream
                                    generated by the 2012 capital program. Cana oil and liquids production is expected to grow over 85% to an average of 16,000
                                    barrels per day in 2012.From a reserves performance perspective, Cana was a leading growth area for the company in
                                    2011. Extensions, discoveries and performance revisions at Cana accounted for 160 million barrels of oil equivalent of additions.
                                    At year end, we had 328 million equivalent barrels booked in the Cana-Woodford. With almost 2 billion barrels equivalent of
                                    risked resource potential and more than 5,000 risked locations remaining, we expect Cana to deliver many more years of highly
                                    economic production and reserves growth.Update - The company’s Cana-Woodford Shale production averaged a record 271 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per
                                    day in the first quarter of 2012. Liquids production averaged 13,000 barrels per day, an 80 percent year-over-year increase.
                                    

-
                                    Penn Virginia PVA- PVA announces that it has established a position in the Woodford Shale ( Caney ).  In
                                    the third quarter of 2008, we participated in three (0.5 net) non-operated horizontal Woodford Shale wells in the Arkoma Basin,
                                    producing at initial rates of approximately 3.6, 4.6 and 2.7 MMcfe per day (working interests of 11, 31 and 13 percent, respectively).
                                    Based on the encouraging results of the five Woodford Shale wells in which we have participated to date, we plan to continue
                                    to participate in the drilling of additional wells in the near term in the Arkoma Basin. Our internally generated Woodford
                                    Shale prospect in the Anadarko Basin will be tested during the fourth quarter of 2008.  Update:  One (1.0 net) Woodford Shale well is under evaluation and all of the remaining wells were successfully drilled and
                                    completed. Production in the first quarter averaged 31.7 MMcfe per day, 98 percent higher than the 16.1 MMcfe per day produced
                                    in the first quarter of 2008 and flat compared to the 31.8 MMcfe per day produced in the fourth quarter of 2008. - PetroQuest Energy PQ - PetroQuest Energy PQ Woodford Shale Update - The Company recently commenced production from 11 additional operated Woodford
                                    wells (average NRI – 23%). This group of wells had an average lateral length of 4,991 feet and achieved an average maximum
                                    24 hour gross rate of 5,285 Mcf per day. In addition, the Company is currently completing six liquids rich Woodford
                                    wells and expects to complete an additional three liquids rich Woodford wells on the western
                                    section of its leasehold position during the second quarter. The Company's mid-stream partner recently completed its 21 mile
                                    pipeline to connect the liquids rich area of the Woodford trend to its processing facilities.
                                    As a result, the Company is currently processing its liquids rich Woodford natural gas and
                                    capturing an approximate $2.00-$3.00 uplift to the present natural gas price. The Company now
                                    expects to drill 25-30 liquids rich Woodford wells during 2012 versus its original plan of
                                    20- 25 wells.- SM Energy SM -  In the Woodford shale, the Company is finishing the drilling of four (4) wells
                                    that are scheduled for simul-frac completion in December 2010. The activity in this program is focused in the rich gas window
                                    of the play, which is located in the central part of our acreage position. - Quicksilver Resources KWK-  Quicksilver KWK is exploring the Woodford and Barnett Shales: The company is beginning to test the Woodford formation out in our Delaware Basin project in West Texas. We will be drilling
                                    several more wells in the next few months. Our plan is to commingle the Woodford with the overlying Barnett. The team will also evaluate additional formations up the hole. And we'll
                                    talk about these results as we've said before, probably by year-end..- Questar  STR-  Questar STR is active in the Woodford Shale Play.   And
                                    we're also pleased with early results in the emerging Anadarko Woodford shale play in Canadian and Blaine Counties in Western Oklahoma. With our revised capital program,
                                    we plan to drill or participate in 20 Woodford
                                    shale wells in '09.- Cimarex Energy  XEC - Cimarex Energy (XEC) Cana-Woodford Shale -  In the first quarter of 2012 Cimarex drilled and completed 33
                                    gross (12 net) Mid-Content wells. At quarter-end, 39 gross (18 net) wells were awaiting completion. Mid-Continent production
                                    averaged 313.9 MMcfe/d for the first quarter of 2012, an 18% increase over first-quarter 2011 average of 266.0 MMcfe/d. For
                                    the first-quarter, essentially all the drilling activity was in the Anadarko Basin, Cana-Woodford shale play, where Cimarex
                                    drilled and completed 24 gross (11 net) wells. At March 31, 2012 there were 39 gross (18 net)
                                    Cana wells being completed or awaiting completion.At year-end 2011 there were 13 gross (4.9 net) wells waiting on completion
                                    in Cana. The increase in wells waiting on completion as compared to year-end is a result of commencing of infill development
                                    drilling in 2012.Since the Cana play began in late 2007, Cimarex has participated in 366 gross (135 net) wells. First-quarter
                                    2012 net production from Cana-Woodford averaged 161.3 MMcfe/d, a 56% increase versus the first-quarter 2011 average of 103.5
                                    MMcfe/d.

- Marathon Oil  MRO - Marathon Oil (MRO) Woodford Shale -  ANADARKO WOODFORD:
                                    The Company averaged 5,000 net boed during the first quarter compared to 3,000 net boed in the previous quarter. Marathon
                                    Oil has six drilling rigs working in the Anadarko Woodford play in Oklahoma. Performance is being driven by continued strong
                                    results in the Cana core area, and additional Company-operated activity on the Knox acreage position. This year, the Company
                                    has completed three wells in the Knox area of the play with 24-hour IP rates ranging from 800 to 1,700 boed. The K.Richards
                                    well tested at 1,700 boed and was approximately 50 percent liquids. The Company is planning to begin an 80-acre infill project
                                    in the Knox area in May.

Newfield Exploration NFX - Newfield Exploration NFX  Woodford Shale - Woodford Shale – Current
                                    net production in the Arkoma Woodford is approximately 180 MMcfe/d. The Company does not plan to drill any additional wells
                                    in the Arkoma Woodford in 2012. Cana Woodford – Newfield has shifted drilling
                                    activities from the Granite Wash and Arkoma Woodford to its new efforts in the oil and "liquids rich" Cana
                                    Woodford, located in the Anadarko Basin. The Company has a 125,000 net-acre lease position in the play and is running
                                    five operated rigs to assess the acreage with plans to increase to as many as seven rigs in late 2012. Results-to-date are
                                    in line with assessment expectations and the Company plans to provide an update on the initial drilling program around mid-year
                                    2012.

Evolution Petroleum  EPM - EPM is active in the Woodford Shale - We began actively acquiring leases in these two projects in May
                                    2007.  At September 30, 2008, we had acquired approximately 18,000 net acres across the two projects. The northern
                                    project targets the Woodford Shale at a depth of approximately 1500’ and has been offset by more than 50 wells drilled
                                    to the Woodford by another operator. The southern project targets the Woodford Shale at depths from 4000’ to 5000’
                                    and has been offset by at least one producing Woodford Shale well at an initial rate of approximately 1 MMCFD.Cana
                                    Woodford – Newfield’s drilling efforts have shifted from the Arkoma Woodford to the oil and “liquids
                                    rich” Cana Woodford, located in the Anadarko Basin. The Company assembled a 125,000 net-acre lease position as a southeast
                                    extension of this play in 2011. The Company plans to operate up to seven rigs in 2012 to assess this new acreage.

Unit Corp - UNT - Unit (UNT) Woodford Shale - On July 28, 2011, Unit acquired certain producing oil and gas properties for $30.5 million
                                    in cash, subject to closing adjustments, from an unaffiliated seller. Included in the acquisition were more than 500 wells
                                    located principally in the Oklahoma Arkoma Woodford and Hartshorne Coal plays along with other properties located throughout
                                    Oklahoma and Texas. The proved reserves associated with the acquisition are approximately 31.2 Bcfe (99% natural gas), 83%
                                    of which is proved developed. The acquisition also included approximately 55,000 net acres of which 96% is held by production.

Panhandle Oil & Gas  PHX - During the most recent quarter, Panhandle participated with a 7.9% Net Revenue Interest (NRI) in a Southeastern Oklahoma
                                    Woodford Shale well, which was producing 12,500 Mcf per day after being on sales for 15 days. As of April
                                    30th, 2010 we have nine working interest wells drilling or completing in our three major shale plays, and there are
                                    another 29 working interest wells, which we have approved to drill. "We anticipate that the
                                    first well in our Joiner City prospect in Southern Oklahoma will begin drilling this summer.
                                    Panhandle will have an average NRI of 7% in this prospect, which will test a liquids-rich area of the Woodford Shale. If successful,
                                    this test has the potential to add an additional shale resource play to the Company's portfolio. "We
                                    have also entered into an agreement to explore for and develop high potential oil prospects utilizing 36 square miles of modern,
                                    high quality 3-D seismic in Oklahoma.  The project utilizes existing 3-D seismic; therefore
                                    the Company's cost of entry into the venture was very low.  Panhandle will have a 50% interest in this project, and we
                                    anticipate that our first well will spud during this fiscal year.  This new area is an exploration prospect for Panhandle,
                                    but, given the seismic data we have evaluated to date, we believe this project could develop into an exciting Mid-Continent
                                    vertical oil play"

Range Resources RRC - Range Resources RRC recently started drilling the Woodford Shale and the Cana Shale - In the Woodford
                                    play of the Ardmore Basin, three wells were connected to sales during the quarter at combined rates of 2,738 gross (1,307
                                    net) boe per day. Activity by other companies in the Cana Woodford is further de-risking our held by production leasehold
                                    position of 42,000 net acres in the play. Range has participated in three non-operated wells in the Cana during the year.Leasing activity expanded during the quarter in the Mississippian horizontal play of northern Oklahoma. Having started
                                    the year with 15,000 net acres, Range's position has increased to 105,000 net acres. Reserve projections are estimated in
                                    the range of 400-500 Mboe per well for approximately 2,000 foot laterals at depths of 5,000 feet. These potential reserves
                                    generate attractive finding and development costs, along with strong rates of return in this liquids-rich play. Range's production
                                    from the Mississippi horizontal area continues to hold at 3,400 gross (2,709 net) boe per day. With its larger acreage position,
                                    Range is targeting a two rig drilling program in 2012 and is currently focused on adding the necessary infrastructure to facilitate
                                    future development.

 Crimson Exploration (CXPO) - Woodbine Horizontal Oil Redevelopment – Madison
                                    County, TexasIn Madison and Grimes counties,
                                    TX, Crimson is actively pursuing a drilling program on our 17,500 net acre position that is prospective for the Woodbine, Lewisville and Georgetown formations, among others. The Mosley #1H (88.8% WI), our first horizontal well
                                    targeting the Woodbine formation, began flowback operations on Friday, March
                                    9th. Initial rates have been very positive as we clean the well up on a smaller choke. We expect to bring the well up to full
                                    rate over the next few weeks and will report results at that time. The well was drilled to a total measured depth of 15,650
                                    feet, including a 6,300 foot lateral, and was completed using 23 stages of fracture stimulation.At present, we are also drilling two additional horizontal wells in Madison
                                    County. Approximately 1 mile north of the Mosley #1H, the Grace Hall #1H (87% WI), targeting the Woodbine formation, is drilling
                                    at 8,900 feet, toward a total measured depth of 16,230 feet. The Vick Trust #1H (75% WI), is located approximately 6 miles east of the Mosley #1H and will
                                    also target the Woodbine formation. This well is currently drilling at 5,229 feet toward a total measured depth of 15,200
                                    feet. Lateral lengths in both wells will range between 6,000 – 7,000 feet with 20 – 25 stages of fracture stimulation.
                                    Production from these wells is expected to commence mid-second quarter.Allan D. Keel, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, “We are very encouraged by the initial results
                                    of the Mosley well and look forward to sharing results upon finalizing flowback operations. Initial production appears to
                                    be in-line with results area operators have experienced and we expect the Woodbine to provide the oil growth necessary to
                                    achieve 50% liquids production.”









My Shale Blog
↑ Grab this Headline Animator

Site Map




What Stocks are you Buying?





Join and Receive Free Stock Alerts



Follow @stockstobuy

Copyright (c) 2014 OilShaleGas.com















    Charles Wickstrom | Spyglass Resources Corp | ZoomInfo.com

Regional geologic characteristics relevant to horizontal drilling, Woodford Shale, Anadarko basin, Oklahoma (Conference) | SciTech Connect



















skip to main content










SciTech Connect





Searching: Full Text
		


Searching: Citations
		


Searching: Multimedia
		


Searching: Datasets
		


Searching: Patents
		


Searching: Software
		


Searching: Everything
		


Change ... 

Full Text
Citations
Datasets
Patents
Multimedia
Software

Everything




















Electronic Full Text 


Electronic Full Text
Citations
Datasets
Patents
Multimedia
Software

All Categories



Search terms:







Semantic Search 


Term Search 


+  Advanced SearchAdv.






×
Advanced Search




All Fields:





Semantic 

Semantic
Term








Title: 






Full Text: 






Bibliographic Data: 






Creator / Author: 






Name 

Name
ORCID








Product Type: 


All
Book/Monograph
Conference/Event
Journal Article
Miscellaneous
Program Document
Software Manual
Technical Report
Thesis/Dissertation





Subject: 






Identifier Numbers: 






Site: 


All
Alaska Power Administration, Juneau, Alaska (United States)
Albany Research Center (ARC), Albany, OR (United States)
Albuquerque Complex - NNSA
Albuquerque Operations Office, Albuquerque, NM (United States)
Amarillo National Resource Center for Plutonium, Amarillo, TX (United States)
AmeriFlux
Ames Laboratory (AMES), Ames, IA (United States)
Argonne National Laboratory (ANL), Argonne, IL (United States)
Argonne National Laboratory-Advanced Photon Source, Argonne, IL (United States)
Atlanta Regional Office, Atlanta, GA (United States)
Atmosphere to Electrons (A2e) Data Archive and Portal, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
Atmospheric System Research
Bartlesville Project Office, OK (United States)
Battelle Memorial Institute (United States)
Bechtel Hanford Inc. (BHI), Richland, WA (United States)
Bechtel National Inc., Richland, WA (United States)
Bechtel Nevada Corporation (BNC) (United States)
Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory (BAPL), West Mifflin, PA (United States)
Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), Portland, OR (United States)
Boston Regional Office, Boston, MA (United States)
Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL), Upton, NY (United States)
Carlsbad Field Office (United States)
Chicago Operations Office, Argonne, IL (United States)
Chicago Regional Office, Chicago, IL (United States)
Clinch River Breeder Reactor Project, Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
DOE HSS Office of Classification, Office of Document Reviews
DOE Office of Science Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Program (United States)
DOEEI USDOE Energy Information Administration (EIA)
Dallas Support Office, Dallas, TX (United States)
Denver Regional Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Department of Energy's (DOE) Nuclear Energy (NE) Radioisotope Power Systems (RPS) Program
Desert Research Institute, Nevada University, Reno, NV (United States)
EERE Publication and Product Library
East Tennessee Technology Park (ETTP), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Energy Frontier Research Centers
Energy Technology Engineering Center (ETEC), Canoga Park, CA (United States)
Environmental Measurements Laboratory (EML), New York, NY (United States)
Federal Energy Technology Center (FETC), Morgantown, WV, and Pittsburgh, PA (United States)
Fermi National Accelerator  Laboratory (FNAL), Batavia, IL (United States)
Fernald Area Office (United States)
Fernald Environmental Management Project, OH (United States)
FluxNet
General Atomics Site, San Diego, CA (United States)
General Electric Company
Golden Field Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Grand Forks Energy Technology Center (United States)
Grand Junction Project Office, Grand Junction, CO (United States)
HSS Office of Classification
Hanford Site (HNF), Richland, WA (United States)
Idaho Chemical Processing Plant, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Engineering Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Laboratory - Idaho Cleanup Project (United States)
Idaho National Laboratory Specific Manufacturing Plant
Idaho National Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho Operations Office, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Inhalation Toxicology Research Institute (ITRI), Albuquerque, NM (United States)
International Soil Carbon Network (ISCN)
International Technologies Corporation, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Kansas City Area Office, Kansas City, MO (United States)
Kansas City Plant (KCP), Kansas City, MO (United States)
Kansas City Support Office (United States)
Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory (KAPL), Niskayuna, NY (United States)
LBNL Materials Project
Laramie Energy Technology Center (United States)
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), Berkeley, CA (United States)
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), Livermore, CA (United States)
Livermore Site Office
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), Los Alamos, NM (United States)
Los Alamos Site Office, NM (United States)
Marine and Hydrokinetic Data Repository (MHKDR)
Morgantown Energy Technology Center, Morgantown, WV (United States)
Mound Area Office, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
Mound Plant, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
NE-75, USDOE Office of Space and Defense Power Systems
NNSA Kansas City Site Office (United States)
National Energy Technology Laboratory - Energy Data eXchange
National Energy Technology Laboratory - In-house Research
National Energy Technology Laboratory, Pittsburgh, PA, and Morgantown, WV (United States)
National Institute for Petroleum and Energy Research, Bartlesville, OK (United States)
National Nuclear Security Administration
National Nuclear Security Agency Service Center (United States)
National Petroleum Technology Office (NPTO), Tulsa, OK (United States)
National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), Golden, CO (United States)
Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves (United States)
Navarro
Navarro Nevada Environmental Services
Nevada Field Office, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Nevada Nuclear Testing Archive
Nevada Test Site (NTS), Mercury, NV (United States)
Nevada Test Site/National Security Technologies, LLC (United States)
Nevada Test Site/Navarro-Intera, LLC
New Brunswick Laboratory (NBL), Argonne, IL (United States)
New York Support Office, New York, NY (United States)
North American Aviation, Inc.
North Las Vegas Facility, North Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Oak Ridge Gaseous Diffusion Plant (K-25), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Office, Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Y-12 Plant (Y-12), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oakland Operations Office, Oakland, CA (United States)
Office of Economic Impact and Diversity
Office of Environmental Management-Consolidated Business Center
Office of Groundwater and Soil Remediation
Office of Nonproliferation and National Security,  Office of Declass (United States)
Office of Nonproliferation and Verification Research and Development (NA-22)
Office of River Protection (United States)
Office of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board (AB) (United States)
Ohio Field Office, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
PNNL Microscopy Data Portal
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), Richland, WA (United States)
Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, Paducah, KY (United States)
Pantex Plant (PTX), Amarillo, TX (United States)
Pertoleum Oil Reserves Office
Philadelphia Regional Office, Philadelphia, PA (United States)
Pinellas Area Office (United States)
Pinellas Plant, Largo, FL (United States)
Pittsburgh Energy Technology Center, Pittsburgh, PA (United States)
Pittsburgh Naval Reactors Office, West Mifflin, PA (United States)
Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant, Piketon, OH (United States)
Portsmouth Project Office, OH (United States)
Pratt and Whitney Aircraft (United States)
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory (PPPL), Princeton, NJ (United States)
Richland Operations Office, Richland, WA (United States)
Richland Support Office (United States)
Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site (RFP), Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site, Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Flats Field Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, Casper, WY (United States)
S. M. Stoller (United States)
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC), Menlo Park, CA (United States)
STI Submitter (STIS), Anywhere (United States)
Salt Repository Project Office (United States)
San Francisco Support Office, Oakland, CA (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories (SNL), Albuquerque, NM, and Livermore, CA (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories, Livermore, CA (United States)
Sandia Site Office
Savannah River Ecology Laboratory (SREL), Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River National Laboratory (formerly SRTC) (United States)
Savannah River Operations Office, Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River Site (SRS), Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River Site Office
Schenectady Naval Reactors Office, Schenectady, NY (United States)
Seattle Regional Office (United States)
Shaw Environmental, Inc. (United States)
Southeastern Power Administration, Elberton, GA (United States)
Southwestern Power Administration, Tulsa, OK (United States)
Stoller-Navarro Joint Venture (United States)
Strategic Petroleum Reserve Office, New Orleans, LA (United States)
Superconducting Super Collider Project Office (United States)
Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility, Newport News, VA (United States)
US Department of Energy, NE-75, Orbital Fairchild
US Department of Energy/Office of Legacy Management
USDOE Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy (ARPA-E)
USDOE Energy Information Administration (EI) (United States)
USDOE National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Chief Financial Officer (CR) (United States)
USDOE Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management (RW) (United States)
USDOE Office of Counterintelligence (United States)
USDOE Office of Defense Programs (DP) (United States)
USDOE Office of ES&H, Office of Epidemiologic Studies (United States)
USDOE Office of ES&H, Office of National Environmental Policy Act (United States)
USDOE Office of Economic Impact and Diversity (ED) (United States)
USDOE Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability (OE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Geothermal Tech Pgm (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Research (ER) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environment, Health, Safety and Security (AU)
USDOE Office of Environment, Safety and Health (EH) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environmental Management (EM) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environmental Management Science Program (United States)
USDOE Office of Field Management (FM) (United States)
USDOE Office of Fissile Materials Disposition (MD) (United States)
USDOE Office of Fossil Energy (FE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Hearings and Appeals (HG) (United States)
USDOE Office of Human Resources and Administration (HR) (United States)
USDOE Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs (IE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence (IN) (United States)
USDOE Office of International Affairs (IA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Management and Administration (United States)
USDOE Office of Nonproliferation and National Security (NN) (United States)
USDOE Office of Nuclear Detonation Detection (United States)
USDOE Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology (NE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Policy and International Affairs  (PO) (United States)
USDOE Office of Public Affairs (PA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Science (SC) (United States)
USDOE Office of Worker and Community Transition (WT) (United States)
USDOE Office of the General Counsel (GC) (United States)
USDOE Office of the Inspector General (IG) (United States)
USDOE Office of the Secretary of Energy (United States)
USE CAO   Carlsbad Area Office, Carlsbad, NM (United States)
USE YMP   Yucca Mountain Site Characterization Office, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
USE YMP Yucca Mountain Site, Las Vegas, Nevada (United States)
Use CBFO - Carlsbad Area Office, Carlsbad, NM (United States)
Use SRNL  -  Savannah River Technology Center (SRTC), Aiken, SC (United States)
Washington Closure Hanford (United States)
Washington Procurement Operations Office, Washington, DC (United States)
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP), Carlsbad, NM (United States)
Weldon Spring Site Remedial Action Project, MO (United States)
West Valley Demonstration Project, West Valley, NY (United States)
Western Area Power Administration, Golden, CO (United States)
Yucca Mountain Project, Las Vegas, Nevada (United States)
Yucca Mountain Project/Office of Repository Development (United States)





Research Org: 






Sponsoring Org: 






Publication Date: 


												    to    
                                                




Update Date: 


												    to    
                                                




Sort: 


Relevance (highest to lowest)
Publication Date (newest to oldest)
Publication Date (oldest to newest)
Most Cited








Close
Clear All
 Find











SciTech Connect
Conference: Regional geologic characteristics relevant to horizontal drilling, Woodford Shale, Anadarko basin, Oklahoma








Citation Details
In-Document Search



Title: Regional geologic characteristics relevant to horizontal drilling, Woodford Shale, Anadarko basin, Oklahoma













            Horizontal drilling in the Late Devonian-Early Mississippian Bakken Formation of the Williston basin has spurred new interest in other black shales as primary hydrocarbon reservoirs. The Late Devonian-Early Mississippian Woodford Shale, which is similar in some respects to the Bakken Formation, is a major source of oil and gas in the Anadarko basin of Oklahoma and could prove to be a significant reservoir rock as well. The three regional geologic characteristics of the Woodford discussed here are of likely importance to horizontal drilling programs, although direct relations to drilling strategy cannot be developed until empirical data from horizontal tests become available. First, the Woodford Shale is composed of three distinct depositional units (the upper, middle, and lower informal members) with different physical and geochemical properties. Second, a paleotopographic high that was rising before and during Woodford deposition divided the Woodford Shale into northeast and southwest depocenters. Third, Woodford depositional patterns are overprinted by thermal-maturity trends shaped primarily by differential burial of the Woodford during Pennsylvanian and Permian time. The Woodford Shale northeast of the forebulge is generally immature to marginally mature, whereas its thermal maturity southwest of the forebulge ranges from mature to postmature with respect to oil generation. Amore » formation resistivity of about 35 ohm-m approximates the updip limit of oil-saturated Woodford Shale from which free oil might be produced from fracture systems.« less


Authors:
Hester, T.C.
; Schmoker, J.W. [1]

+ Show Author Affiliations

(Geological Survey, Denver, CO (United States))



Publication Date:1991-06-01
OSTI Identifier:5982434
Report Number(s):CONF-9107109--Journal ID: ISSN 0149-1423; CODEN: AABUD
Resource Type:Conference
Resource Relation:Journal Name: AAPG Bulletin (American Association of Petroleum Geologists); (United States); Journal Volume: 75:6; Conference: American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) Rocky Mountain Section meeting, Billings, MT (United States), 28-31 Jul 1991
Country of Publication:United States
Language:English
Subject:
02 PETROLEUM; 03 NATURAL GAS; NATURAL GAS WELLS; DIRECTIONAL DRILLING; OIL WELLS; OKLAHOMA; NATURAL GAS DEPOSITS; PETROLEUM DEPOSITS; SEDIMENTARY BASINS; PETROLEUM GEOLOGY; CARBONIFEROUS PERIOD; DEVONIAN PERIOD; GEOCHEMISTRY; GEOLOGIC FORMATIONS; GEOLOGIC FRACTURES; GEOLOGIC TRAPS; KEROGEN; RESERVOIR ROCK; SHALES; STRATIGRAPHY; BITUMINOUS MATERIALS; CARBONACEOUS MATERIALS; CHEMISTRY; DEVELOPED COUNTRIES; DRILLING; FEDERAL REGION VI; GEOLOGIC AGES; GEOLOGIC DEPOSITS; GEOLOGIC STRUCTURES; GEOLOGY; MATERIALS; MATTER; MINERAL RESOURCES; NORTH AMERICA; ORGANIC MATTER; PALEOZOIC ERA; RESOURCES; ROCKS; SEDIMENTARY ROCKS; USA; WELLS 020200*  -- Petroleum-- Reserves, Geology, & Exploration; 020300  -- Petroleum-- Drilling & Production; 030200  -- Natural Gas-- Reserves, Geology, & Exploration; 030300  -- Natural Gas-- Drilling, Production, & Processing




Word Cloud
More Like This
















Full Text
Conferences / Events

Please see Document Availability for additional information on obtaining the full-text document. Library patrons may search WorldCat to identify libraries that hold this conference proceeding.




Save / Share this Record


Citation Formats 

MLA
APA
Chicago
Bibtex





Export Metadata 

Endnote
RIS
Excel
CSV
XML



Save to My Library
Send to Email




×
Send to Email




Email address:




Content:






Close
 Send








×Cite: MLA Format

Close


×Cite: APA Format

Close


×Cite: Chicago Format

Close


×Cite: Bibtex Format

Close











Some links on this page may take you to non-federal websites. Their policies may differ from this site.

















