    Michael Wooldridge | Varnum , Riddering , Schmidt & Howlett LLP | ZoomInfo.com










 





UFPI Michael G. Wooldridge Insider Trades for Universal Forest Products Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Universal Forest Products Inc.

                  NASDAQ: UFPI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Universal Forest Products Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


UFPI

/quotes/zigman/55323/composite


$
85.29




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 14,377
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/55323/composite
Previous close

$
			86.36
		


$
				85.29
			
Change

-1.07
-1.24%





Day low
Day high
$85.10
$87.09










52 week low
52 week high

            $82.25
        

            $110.97
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Michael G. Wooldridge



Mr. Michael G. Wooldridge is Partner at Varnum LLP. He is on the Board of Directors at Universal Forest Products, Inc. and YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids. He received his undergraduate degree from Alma College and an undergraduate degree from Cornell Law School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/02/2017
500


 
Acquisition at $99.24 per share.


49,620


02/23/2017
1,000


 
Award at $96.09 per share.


96,090


02/01/2017
308


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Patrick M. Webster 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Matthew J. Missad 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael R. Cole 
Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer




Mr. Allen T. Peters 
President-UFP Western Division




Mr. Jonathan E. West 
Executive Vice President-South Division




Mr. Patrick M. Benton 
Executive Vice President-Eastern North Division




Mr. Robert D. Coleman 
Executive Vice President-Manufacturing




Mr. Bill  Foster 
Manager-Interactive Marketing




Mr. Mark  Deremo 
Director-Marketing Communications




Mr. Charles Scott Greene 
Executive Vice President-Marketing




Mr. Donald L. James 
Executive Vice President-National Sales




Ms. Lynn  Afendoulis 
Director-Corporate Communications




Mr. David A. Tutas 
Secretary & General Counsel




Mr. William G. Currie 
Chairman




Mr. Michael G. Wooldridge 
Independent Director




Mr. Brian C. Walker 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary E. Tuuk 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas W. Rhodes 
Independent Director




Mr. Bruce A. Merino 
Independent Director




Mr. John M. Engler 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary F. Goode 
Independent Director
















Log In




3:45 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Michael G. Wooldridge - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael G. Wooldridge
Board Member at Universal Forest Products, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Michael G. Wooldridge? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael G. Wooldridge's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael G. Wooldridge's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael G. Wooldridge's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael G. Wooldridge through your network of contacts.
												








Michael G. Wooldridge's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Universal Forest Products, Inc.


Past
To view Michael G. Wooldridge's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
57

 
 


Michael G. Wooldridge's Biography



Michael G. Wooldridge (57) is a Partner with the law firm of Varnum LLP, headquartered in Grand Rapids, MI. He joined Varnum in 1985, and is a partner in the firm's corporate practice group, focusing on corporate governance, securities, and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Wooldridge has been included in The Best Lawyers in America since 2005. He also serves on the boards of several community organizations.

    

Mr. Wooldridge serves as an advisor and counsel to a number of publically held companies on a variety of corporate and securities law matters. His advice on compliance matters, corporate governance disclosure requirements, and other is ...
(Read More)

			Michael G. Wooldridge (57) is a Partner with the law firm of Varnum LLP, headquartered in Grand Rapids, MI. He joined Varnum in 1985, and is a partner in the firm's corporate practice group, focusing on corporate governance, securities, and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Wooldridge has been included in The Best Lawyers in America since 2005. He also serves on the boards of several community organizations.

    

Mr. Wooldridge serves as an advisor and counsel to a number of publically held companies on a variety of corporate and securities law matters. His advice on compliance matters, corporate governance disclosure requirements, and other issues is invaluable, as is his experience in advising other publically held companies.
		
Source: Universal Forest Products, Inc. on 03/09/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael G. Wooldridge's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael G. Wooldridge. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael G. Wooldridge's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael G. Wooldridge's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael G. Wooldridge through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael G. Wooldridge


















Michael G. Wooldridge's Connections (22)





Sign up now to view Michael G. Wooldridge's 22 connections »









John M. Engler
Board Member, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Patrick M. Webster
President and Chief Operating Officer, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Michael R. Cole
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Robert D. Coleman
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF MANUFACTURING, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Matthew J. Missad
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









William G. Currie
Chairman of the Board, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Allen T. Peters
President, UFP Western Division, Inc., Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Charles S. Greene
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, Universal Forest Products, Inc.









Gary F. Goode
Board Member, Gentex Corporation









Thomas W. Rhodes
Board Member, Universal Forest Products, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











MICHAEL G WOOLDRIDGE - SCOTTSBURG, IN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



SCOTTSBURG



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MICHAEL G WOOLDRIDGE
                                    



 





















M 


MICHAEL G WOOLDRIDGE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1785 S LAKE RD S SCOTTSBURG, IN 47170
Get Directions



(812) 752-6523





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $61,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Michael G Wooldridge was founded in 2006. Michael G Wooldridge specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Michael G Wooldridge has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $61,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Director of Universal Forest Products (NASDAQ:UFPI), Wooldridge Michael G., buys 500 shares worth ,620








































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases
















Director of Universal Forest Products (NASDAQ:UFPI), Wooldridge Michael G., buys 500 shares worth $49,620
According to Universal Forest Products's most recent Form 4 filing with the SEC dated Mar 06 08:25 AM, company Director, Wooldridge Michael G. disclosed buying 500 shares at a cost of $99.24. At the time of this transaction (Mar 02), this trade was worth $49,620 in total. As of Mar 02, Wooldridge Michael G. now owns 1,808 shares in total worth about $175,357.92. 
For the last few recent trades made by Universal Forest Products (NASDAQ:UFPI) Director, Wooldridge Michael G., we have the following information:







					Posted by  



George Daniels 

					
					on Monday March 06 2017, 9:16 AM EDT. 

All trademarks acknowledged. 
Filed under Stocks.

	Comments and Trackbacks closed.	
 Follow responses: 
RSS 2.0




Comments are closed


 Latest News 
EVP and Chief Legal Officer of iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT), Weinstein Glen Daniel, sells 11,375 shares worth $1,194,585
SVP, Chief Accounting Officer of TrueCar (NASDAQ:TRUE), Pierantoni John, sells 55,895 shares worth $1,107,501
EVP & General Counsel of TrueCar (NASDAQ:TRUE), Swart Jeff, sells 34,863 shares worth $690,861
EVP, Chief Marketing Officer of TrueCar (NASDAQ:TRUE), Gunsagar Neeraj, sells 70,182 shares worth $1,389,605
CFO of TrueCar (NASDAQ:TRUE), Guthrie Michael, sells 70,353 shares worth $1,393,117
Chief Executive Officer of iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT), Angle Colin M, sells 5,886 shares worth $625,104
Director of ProLogis (NYSE:PLD), Webb Carl B, sells 20,000 shares worth $1,227,600
Chief Financial Officer of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ARLZ), Charles Scott J, sells 10,804 shares worth $13,509
EVP and Group President of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Bryant Diane M, sells 2,119 shares worth $73,480
Chief Executive Officer of Electronics for Imaging (NASDAQ:EFII), Gecht Guy, sells 9,000 shares worth $434,288

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,182)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,486)

Featured Press Release (252,701)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (17)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (194)

Travel (286)

World (1,367)


  Featured Press Releases 
Worldwide Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectrometer (NMR) Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast 2017 – 2022
Global Animal Health Market Research Report 2017
Global Automated Pallet Truck Market Research Report Forecast 2017 to 2022
Global BioMEMS and microsystems Market Research Report Forecast 2017 to 2022
Anti-Jamming 2017 Global Sales Market Report including key players Company (US) & Rockwell Collins (US)
Global and China VITAMINS Industry Professional Market Report 2017
Antifouling Coating 2017 Global Sales Market Report including key players Jotun (Norway) & Hempel (Denmark).
Antibacterial Coating 2017 Global Sales Market Report including key players as BASF SE & Akzonobel
Angle-of-attack Probes 2017 Global Sales Market Report including key players Flight Systems & Honeywell
Analog-to-Digital Converter(ADC) 2017 Global Sales Market Report including key players  Texas Instruments  & Analog Devices







Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 


























Universal Forest Products appointed Mike Wooldridge to the Board of Directors





























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Universal Forest Products appointed Mike Wooldridge to the Board of Directors Universal Forest Products appointed Mike Wooldridge to the Board of Directors








February 2, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, MI – Universal Forest Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: UFPI) today announced that Michael G. Wooldridge, a partner with the Grand Rapids, Mich.-based law firm Varnum LLP, was appointed to its Board of Directors, effective January 28, 2016.
Wooldridge joined Varnum, LLP in 1985, and today is a partner in the firm’s corporate practice team, focusing on corporate governance, securities, and mergers and acquisitions. He advises publicly traded companies on compliance matters, corporate structure, disclosure requirements and other issues, and has managed and led a variety of public equity and debt offerings for financial services and manufacturing companies.
“For years, Mike has provided us with invaluable legal and strategic counsel that has contributed to our success,” said UFPI Chairman William G. Currie. “Having him on our board enhances his ability to influence the direction and success of the companies of Universal. We are fortunate and pleased to add Mike to our board, and we know that the company will be well-served by Mike and the experience and knowledge he brings.”
Wooldridge is serving until the April 20, 2016, UFPI shareholder meeting, at which time shareholders will be asked to approve his appointment to a one-year term expiring in April 2017. He holds the eleventh seat on the board, which represents an expansion of one seat, also approved at the board’s January 28, 2016, meeting.
A graduate of Alma College and Cornell University Law School, Wooldridge has earned numerous awards and recognitions, and has been included in The Best Lawyers in America® since 2005. His current community engagements include serving on the board of the YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids, as well as on the Dean’s Advisory Board of the Seidman College of Business at Grand Valley State University.
About Universal Forest Products, Inc.
Universal Forest Products, Inc. is a holding company that provides capital, management and administrative resources to subsidiaries that supply wood, wood composite and other products to three robust markets: retail, construction and industrial. Founded in 1955, the Company is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Mich., with affiliates throughout North America and in Australia.
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Macatawa Bank appoints Dr Michael Le Roy to its Board of DirectorsBurgaflex North America appoints Erik Roeren as new CEOIndependent Bank appoints Christina Keller to its Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsAllena PharmaceuticalsTandem Diabetes Carebluebird bioElanGivaudan











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -

































Micheal G Wooldridge Solicitors





































 



Wooldridge Appointed to UFPI Board of Directors
























toggle nav
Varnum



Grand Rapids
Detroit
Novi
Kalamazoo
Grand Haven
Lansing
Ann Arbor
Hastings








Wooldridge Appointed to UFPI Board of Directors
« All News


March 1, 2016

	Universal Forest Products, Inc. has announced that Varnum partner Michael G. Wooldridge has been appointed to its Board of Directors, effective Jan. 28, 2016. Wooldridge is a partner in the firm's corporate practice, focusing on corporate governance, securities, and mergers and acquisitions.


	"For years, Mike has provided us with invaluable legal and strategic counsel that has contributed to our success," said UFPI Chairman William G. Currie. "Having him on our board enhances his ability to influence the direction and success of the companies of Universal. We are fortunate and pleased to add Mike to our board, and we know that the company will be well served by Mike and the experience and knowledge that he brings."


	A full press release issued by UFPI can be found here: Attorney Michael Wooldridge Appointed to UFPI Board of Directors.


	Universal Forest Products, Inc. is a holding company that provides capital, management and administrative resources to subsidiaries that design, manufacture and market wood and wood-alternative products for building materials retailers and wholesalers, structural lumber and other products for the manufactured housing and residential and construction markets, and specialty wood packaging and components and packing materials for various industries. For more about Universal, visit www.ufpi.com.


















Michael G. Wooldridge

Partner

Grand Rapids
616/336-6903 
mgwooldridge@varnumlaw.com 


Services


Business and Corporate Services


Mergers and Acquisitions


Securities Law










 Print Page
 Send Email














	Universal Forest Products: Attorney Michael Wooldridge appointed to UFPI Board of Directors
































Universal Forest Products


Locations
Contact Us
For Employees







Home


				What We Do



				Products




				Outdoor Living



                                        Decking, Railing & Accessories



                                        Fencing



                                        Lattice



                                        Landscaping & Garden





				Building Materials & Components



                                        Lumber



                                        Engineered Wood & Components



                                        Siding, Trim & Moulding



                                        Insulated Sheathing







				Packaging & Industrial Materials



                                        Custom Pallets



                                        Packaging & Supplies



                                        Lumber & Components





				Concrete Forming





				Agricultural



                                        Packaging & Display Components



                                        Agricultural Fencing





				Inside the Home



                                        Wood Fuel Pellets






                                        View All Products 






				Our Brands



				Services




				UFP Exports






				Investor Relations




				Stock Information



                                        Stock Quote



                                        Stock Chart



                                        Historical Price Lookup



                                        Investment Calculator



                                        Dividend History





				Financial Information



                                        Annual Reports



                                        SEC Filings





				News Releases





				Investor Information



                                        Earnings Estimates



                                        Analysts & Market Makers



                                        Investor FAQ



                                        Fundamentals





				Corporate Governance



                                        Board of Directors





				California Transparency in Supply Chains





				Events and Presentations



                                        Upcoming Events



                                        Past Events



                                        Presentations



                                        Audio Archives





				Contact



                                        Information Request



                                        E-mail Alerts








				About UFP




				Markets



                                        Retail



                                        Industrial



                                        Construction





				Locations



				Careers



                                        Apply for Jobs



                                        Video Gallery



                                        Who is UFP?



                                        Build your Career



                                        Benefits







				News



                                        News Releases



                                        UFP Media Kit



                                        Press Contacts





				Environment



                                        Our Commitment



                                        Our Sources



                                        Our Practices



                                        Our Impact



                                        Wood Is Good



                                        FSC Certification





				Leadership





				History



				Employees



				Foundation





 









ufpi.com > about ufp > news > news releases > 02/2/16





Markets


Locations


Careers


News


News Releases


UFP Media Kit


Press Contacts




Environment


Leadership


History


Employees


Foundation


Top of Page




    Attorney Michael Wooldridge appointed to UFPI Board of Directors



    Tuesday, February 2, 2016


GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., FEBRUARY 2, 2016 – Universal Forest Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: UFPI) today announced that Michael G. Wooldridge, a partner with the Grand Rapids, Mich.-based law firm Varnum LLP, was appointed to its Board of Directors, effective January 28, 2016.
Wooldridge joined Varnum, LLP in 1985, and today is a partner in the firm’s corporate practice team, focusing on corporate governance, securities, and mergers and acquisitions. He advises publicly traded companies on compliance matters, corporate structure, disclosure requirements and other issues, and has managed and led a variety of public equity and debt offerings for financial services and manufacturing companies.
“For years, Mike has provided us with invaluable legal and strategic counsel that has contributed to our success,” said UFPI Chairman William G. Currie. “Having him on our board enhances his ability to influence the direction and success of the companies of Universal. We are fortunate and pleased to add Mike to our board, and we know that the company will be well-served by Mike and the experience and knowledge he brings.”
Wooldridge is serving until the April 20, 2016, UFPI shareholder meeting, at which time shareholders will be asked to approve his appointment to a one-year term expiring in April 2017. He holds the eleventh seat on the board, which represents an expansion of one seat, also approved at the board’s January 28, 2016, meeting.
A graduate of Alma College and Cornell University Law School, Wooldridge has earned numerous awards and recognitions, and has been included in The Best Lawyers in America® since 2005. His current community engagements include serving on the board of the YMCA of Greater Grand Rapids, as well as on the Dean’s Advisory Board of the Seidman College of Business at Grand Valley State University.



UNIVERSAL FOREST PRODUCTS, INC.
Universal Forest Products, Inc. is a holding company that provides capital, management and administrative resources to subsidiaries that supply wood, wood composite and other products to three robust markets: retail, construction and industrial. Founded in 1955, the Company is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Mich., with affiliates throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. For more about Universal Forest Products, go to www.ufpi.com.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, that are based on management’s beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates and projections about the markets we serve, the economy and the Company itself. Words like “anticipates,” “believes,” “confident,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “likely,” “plans,” “projects,” “should,” variations of such words, and similar expressions identify such forward-looking statements. These statements do not guarantee future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, events, or assumptions that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. Actual results could differ materially from those included in such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are the following: fluctuations in the price of lumber; adverse or unusual weather conditions; adverse economic conditions in the markets we serve; government regulations, particularly involving environmental and safety regulations; and our ability to make successful business acquisitions. Certain of these risk factors as well as other risk factors and additional information are included in the Company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.





Universal Forest Products is a holding company that provides capital, management and administrative resources to subsidiaries in three robust markets: retail, construction and industrial. Founded in 1955, the Company is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Mich., with affiliates throughout North America and Australia.

            

What We Do


Products
Outdoor Living
Building Materials & Components
Packaging & Industrial Materials
Concrete Forming
Agricultural
Inside the Home
View All Products


Investor Relations
Stock Information
Financial Information
News Releases
Investor Information
Corporate Governance
California Transparency in Supply Chains
Events and Presentations
Contact


About UFP
Markets
Locations
Careers
News
Environment
Leadership
History
Employees
Foundation


                ©2017
                Universal Forest Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
                    Policy | Terms of Use | Site
                        Map











