




























World Asset Management Inc Reduces Stake in Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Simon Property Group Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Simon Property Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Hibbett Sports, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIBB)
Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS
TCF Financial Corporation to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.31 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (TCF)
FY2018 EPS Estimates for DNB Financial Corp (NASDAQ:DNBF) Lowered by Analyst
HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) Upgraded to Overweight by Morgan Stanley
Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. (NYSE:HPP) Cut to Strong Sell at BidaskClub
MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) Downgraded by BidaskClub
ITT Inc. (ITT) Downgraded by BidaskClub
FY2018 EPS Estimates for Eli Lilly and Company Cut by Jefferies Group (LLY)
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates Sector Perform Rating for Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB)
Illinois Tool Works Inc. Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.57 Per Share (NYSE:ITW)
iShares S&P Natnl AMT – Free Munpl Bd Fd (NYSE:MUB) Stake Decreased by Gamble Jones Investment Counsel
Diageo PLC (DEO) Shares Bought by Gamble Jones Investment Counsel
Head-To-Head Analysis: Royal Gold (NASDAQ:RGLD) versus Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX)
World Asset Management Inc Reduces Stake in Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG)
K2M Group Holdings, Inc. (KTWO) Position Maintained by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust
Comparing Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS) and Rambus (RMBS)
Head to Head Review: Sizmek (SZMK) and MDC Partners (NASDAQ:MDCA)
Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Lawson Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:LAWS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.13 Per Share



 


World Asset Management Inc Reduces Stake in Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












World Asset Management Inc lowered its position in  Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG) by 11.4% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 34,874 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 4,495 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Simon Property Group were worth $5,641,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of SPG. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  Simon Property Group by 1,886.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 29,769,454 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5,121,238,000 after buying an additional 28,270,599 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in  Simon Property Group by 2.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 45,481,675 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,824,213,000 after buying an additional 923,592 shares during the period.  PGGM Investments raised its position in  Simon Property Group by 31.8% in the first quarter. PGGM Investments now owns 3,473,850 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $597,606,000 after buying an additional 839,043 shares during the period.  APG Asset Management US Inc. raised its position in  Simon Property Group by 7.4% in the second quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 7,258,540 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,174,141,000 after buying an additional 498,800 shares during the period.  Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in  Simon Property Group by 73.2% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,074,905 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $184,916,000 after buying an additional 454,400 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  95.29% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Simon Property Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE SPG) traded down 3.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $160.50. 1,572,930 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $159.72 and its 200 day moving average price is $168.85. Simon Property Group, Inc. has a one year low of $150.15 and a one year high of $229.10. The firm has a market capitalization of $50.11 billion, a PE ratio of 27.46 and a beta of 0.58. 




Simon Property Group (NYSE:SPG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.74 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.76 by $0.02. Simon Property Group had a return on equity of 40.16% and a net margin of 34.99%. The business had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.36 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $2.63 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Simon Property Group, Inc. will post $6.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “World Asset Management Inc Reduces Stake in Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/world-asset-management-inc-reduces-stake-in-simon-property-group-inc-spg.html. 
A number of research firms have recently commented on SPG. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $190.00 price objective on shares of Simon Property Group in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Stifel Nicolaus began coverage on shares of Simon Property Group in a research report on Friday, July 14th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $170.00 price objective for the company. Barclays PLC cut their price objective on shares of Simon Property Group from $191.00 to $188.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Simon Property Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Sunday, July 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Simon Property Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating and ten have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $191.65.
Simon Property Group Company Profile
Simon Property Group, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns, develops and manages retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets and The Mills. Simon Property Group, L.P. (Operating Partnership), is the Company’s partnership subsidiary that owns all of its real estate properties and other assets.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SPG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG).







Receive News & Ratings for Simon Property Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Simon Property Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Hibbett Sports, Inc. 





Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS





TCF Financial Corporation to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.31 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts 





FY2018 EPS Estimates for DNB Financial Corp  Lowered by Analyst





HDFC Bank Limited  Upgraded to Overweight by Morgan Stanley





Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  Cut to Strong Sell at BidaskClub






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Sanofi (SNY) Position Lowered by World Asset Management Inc - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Sanofi
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sanofi with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

American Superconductor Corporation (AMSC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
ABIOMED, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABMD) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
Apple’s (AAPL) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group
Cormark Comments on Calfrac Well Services Ltd’s Q1 2018 Earnings (CFW)
Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Freeport-McMoran, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (FCX)
Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. Reduced by FBR & Co (NASDAQ:FOXA)
Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 3,093 Shares of Aon PLC (AON)
Texas Permanent School Fund Has $7.93 Million Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS)
Texas Permanent School Fund Decreases Position in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE)
Texas Permanent School Fund Has $8.60 Million Stake in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)
Texas Permanent School Fund Has $9.08 Million Position in Intuit Inc. (INTU)
Reik & CO. LLC Sells 80 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM)
Cantor Fitzgerald Investment Adviser L.P. Takes Position in NetApp, Inc. (NTAP)
Franco-Nevada Corporation (FNV) Position Held by Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.
Sanofi (SNY) Position Lowered by World Asset Management Inc
World Asset Management Inc Sells 8,963 Shares of Vodafone Group PLC (VOD)
Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Continues to Hold Stake in Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. (OLLI)
Avon Products (AVP) & USANA Health Sciences (NYSE:USNA) Financial Survey
HFF (HF) versus Leju Holdings Limited (NYSE:LEJU) Head-To-Head Contrast
Rodney I. Smith Sells 4,700 Shares of Smith-Midland Corp. (OTCMKTS:SMID) Stock



 


Sanofi (SNY) Position Lowered by World Asset Management Inc

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












World Asset Management Inc reduced its position in shares of  Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) by 5.5% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 112,257 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,485 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Sanofi were worth $5,378,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Grove Bank & Trust increased its position in  Sanofi by 8.2% in the second quarter. Grove Bank & Trust now owns 15,035 shares of the company’s stock worth $720,000 after buying an additional 1,141 shares during the last quarter.  Grandfield & Dodd LLC increased its position in  Sanofi by 0.9% in the second quarter. Grandfield & Dodd LLC now owns 237,568 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,382,000 after buying an additional 2,225 shares during the last quarter.  CAPROCK Group Inc. acquired a new position in  Sanofi during the second quarter worth approximately $281,000.  Cardinal Capital Management increased its position in  Sanofi by 20.4% in the second quarter. Cardinal Capital Management now owns 53,544 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,565,000 after buying an additional 9,087 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its position in  Sanofi by 6.6% in the second quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 114,388 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,480,000 after buying an additional 7,051 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  9.97% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Sanofi alerts:



Shares of Sanofi (NYSE SNY) traded down 0.489% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $47.855. The company had a trading volume of 1,621,778 shares. The stock has a market cap of $120.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.538 and a beta of 0.89. Sanofi has a 52-week low of $36.81 and a 52-week high of $50.24. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $48.16 and its 200-day moving average is $45.61. 




Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.03. Sanofi had a net margin of 26.55% and a return on equity of 25.89%. The firm had revenue of $8.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.40 billion. The firm’s revenue was up 1.2% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts forecast that  Sanofi will post $3.20 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sanofi (SNY) Position Lowered by World Asset Management Inc” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/sanofi-sny-position-lowered-by-world-asset-management-inc.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. BidaskClub downgraded Sanofi from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday. Argus upped their target price on Sanofi from $50.00 to $55.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised Sanofi from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Berenberg Bank cut Sanofi from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, TheStreet raised Sanofi from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $67.67.
About Sanofi
Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sanofi (NYSE:SNY).







Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




American Superconductor Corporation  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research





Apple’s  Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group





ABIOMED, Inc.  Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub





Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. Reduced by FBR & Co 





Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Freeport-McMoran, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings 





Cormark Comments on Calfrac Well Services Ltd’s Q1 2018 Earnings 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿






























World Asset Management Inc Has $291,000 Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The)

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Sells 331 Shares of Duke Realty Corporation (NYSE:DRE)
Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Position Decreased by Lcnb Corp
Bank of Nova Scotia Has $802,000 Stake in HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $724,000 Stake in Entergy Corporation (ETR)
Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB) Stake Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $658,000 Stake in CNA Financial Corporation (NYSE:CNA)
KAMES CAPITAL plc Has $482,000 Position in AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT)
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation’s (NYSE:MNR) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co
Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird
Shire PLC (LON:SHP) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NYSE:NOV) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
ANSYS, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANSS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts
Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $614,000 Stake in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX)
Comerica Securities Inc. Has $276,000 Position in Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)
Express Scripts Holding Company (NASDAQ:ESRX) Position Reduced by Neuberger Berman Group LLC
Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (WTS) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE:WM) Shares Bought by Clark Capital Management Group Inc.
Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Stake Decreased by TCW Group Inc.







World Asset Management Inc Has $291,000 Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 3rd, 2017 // No Comments




World Asset Management Inc raised its position in shares of  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG) by 12.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,118 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 356 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) were worth $291,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) during the fourth quarter valued at $2,460,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) by 469.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 219,410 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $20,965,000 after buying an additional 180,907 shares in the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) by 3.5% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 266,326 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $24,871,000 after buying an additional 8,960 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) by 6.1% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 21,637 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $2,021,000 after buying an additional 1,248 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Creative Planning increased its stake in  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) by 4.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 1,451 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. 68.05% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) alerts:



Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (NYSE:SMG) traded up 1.20% during trading on Monday, reaching $90.53. 280,003 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Scotts Miracle-Gro Company has a 12-month low of $68.24 and a 12-month high of $98.82. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $87.46 and a 200-day moving average price of $91.84. The company has a market cap of $5.39 billion, a PE ratio of 19.41 and a beta of 0.39. 





Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (NYSE:SMG) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $2.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.93 by $0.15. The company had revenue of $1.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.28 billion. Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) had a net margin of 10.23% and a return on equity of 31.76%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $3.15 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Scotts Miracle-Gro Company will post $4.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 9th. Investors of record on Friday, May 26th were given a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, May 24th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.21%. Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 42.37%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/03/scotts-miracle-gro-co-smg-position-boosted-by-world-asset-management-inc-updated-updated.html. 
Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, one  has issued  a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $97.00.
In other Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) news, CFO Thomas Randal Coleman sold 5,112 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.56, for a total value of $447,606.72. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 14,090 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,233,720.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Ivan C. Smith sold 3,787 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.84, for a total transaction of $332,650.08. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,849 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,655,696.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 63,854 shares of company stock valued at $5,662,079 in the last quarter. 28.16% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The)
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (Scotts Miracle-Gro) is a manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer lawn and garden products. The Company’s segments include Global Consumer. In North America, its brands include Scotts and Turf Builder lawn and grass seed products; Miracle-Gro, Nature’s Care, Scotts, LiquaFeed and Osmocote gardening and landscape products; and Ortho, Roundup, Home Defense and Tomcat branded insect control, weed control and rodent control products.







Receive News & Ratings for Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

















































World Asset Management | A Comerica Company











Contact Us: 313.222.1227
MENU






Broadly-diversified, passively-managed portfolios with a global reach.



News and Events		      





Investment Commentary : The Road Ahead




The KfW $1 Bn Global Green Bond transaction saw strong global demand, including from World Asset Management : View Case Study
 





Founded in 1994, World Asset Management, Inc. is a registered investment advisor (RIA) focused on managing passive and custom portfolios for institutional clients. Assets under management total $13.6 billion.1 Our team of investment professionals combines experience, systematic processes and our technology platform to objectively construct and manage portfolios. As a subsidiary of Comerica Bank, we have a long-term record of success, providing our clients exposure to the returns of the global financial markets at a competitively low cost.




Securities and other non-deposit investment products are not insured by the FDIC; are not deposits or other obligations of, or guaranteed by, Comerica Bank or any of its affiliates; and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
World Asset Management, Inc. is a subsidiary of Comerica Bank and is a federally registered investment advisor. Registrations do not imply a certain level of skill or training. Information presented is for general information only and is subject to change. Comerica Bank and its affiliates do not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your specific situation.
World Asset ManagementSM and the World Asset Management logo are registered service marks of Comerica Bank.
1 As of 03/31/2017.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Bridges Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Valmont Industries Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Valmont Industries Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Zacks: Houston Wire & Cable Company (HWCC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Head-To-Head Review: CAE (CAE) vs. Franklin Covey (FC)
Analyzing Aemetis (NASDAQ:AMTX) and Green Plains (GPRE)
Rothschild Investment Corp IL Purchases 765 Shares of Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU)
M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB) Shares Bought by Huntington National Bank
Bridges Investment Counsel Inc. Has $219,000 Position in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC)
Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) Stake Increased by Forsta AP Fonden
2,800 Shares in Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Acquired by Bridges Investment Counsel Inc.
Bridges Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI)
Upland Software’s (UPLD) Buy Rating Reiterated at Needham & Company LLC
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Triton International Limited (NASDAQ:TRTN) to Announce $0.57 Earnings Per Share
Highland Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT)
Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ:ILMN) Shares Bought by Hemenway Trust Co LLC
Private Bank & Trust Co. Purchases 1,200 Shares of Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC)
Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (ROIC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Progressive Corporation (The) (PGR) Price Target Increased to $40.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Flextronics International Ltd. (NASDAQ:FLEX) to Hold
Altice USA Inc (NASDAQ:ATUS) Coverage Initiated at Guggenheim
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bank of Hawaii Corporation (BOH) to Buy
Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Buy Rating for Trimble Navigation Ltd. (NASDAQ:TRMB)







Bridges Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Bridges Investment Management Inc. bought a new position in  Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 2,550 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $381,000. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Pinnacle Bank acquired a new stake in  Valmont Industries during the first quarter worth approximately $117,000.  Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL acquired a new stake in  Valmont Industries during the first quarter worth approximately $205,000.  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC acquired a new stake in  Valmont Industries during the first quarter worth approximately $207,000.  Timber Hill LLC acquired a new stake in  Valmont Industries during the first quarter worth approximately $209,000.  Finally, Verity Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  Valmont Industries during the first quarter worth approximately $228,000. 84.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Valmont Industries Inc. alerts:



Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) traded down 1.27% during trading on Monday, reaching $155.95. The company had a trading volume of 17,897 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.32 and a beta of 0.97. Valmont Industries, Inc. has a 52 week low of $120.65 and a 52 week high of $165.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $150.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $149.26. 





Valmont Industries (NYSE:VMI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, July 19th. The industrial products company reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.96 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $712.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $668.06 million. Valmont Industries had a return on equity of 14.89% and a net margin of 6.94%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.85 EPS.  Analysts predict that  Valmont Industries, Inc. will post $7.10 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a dividend of $0.375 per share. This represents a $1.50 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. Valmont Industries’s payout ratio is currently 18.59%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Bridges Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/bridges-investment-management-inc-takes-position-in-valmont-industries-inc-vmi.html. 
A number of analysts have commented on VMI shares. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on Valmont Industries from $167.00 to $170.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Valmont Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and one  has given a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $168.00.
Valmont Industries Company Profile
Valmont Industries, Inc is a producer of fabricated metal products, and steel, aluminum and composite pole, tower and other structures, and mechanized irrigation systems. The Company’s segments are Engineered Support Structures (ESS); Utility Support Structures; Energy and Mining; Coatings; Irrigation, and Other.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VMI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI).







Receive News & Ratings for Valmont Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valmont Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











World Asset Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback













































world asset management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
World Asset Management, Inc. operates as an investment firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, high net worth individuals, trusts, estates, charitable organizations, and corporations in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

411 West Lafeyette Blvd
Detroit, MI 48226
United States


Phone:
1-313-222-1227


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.worldasset.com





Board Members




Chairman/Chief Invsmt Officer
Company


Dennis Johnson
Wilson Kemp & Associates Inc








Chief Compliance Ofcr
Company


Lawrence Granata
Wilson Kemp & Associates Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Dennis Anthony Johnson


Chairman/Chief Invsmt Officer




Peter Sorrentino


Senior VP/CIO




Eric Lessnau


Dir:Domestic Equity




Jim Rowe


Dir:Institutional Sales







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































World Asset Management, Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report


















World Asset Management, Inc.Company Information

500 Woodward AveDetroit, MI, 48226 United States(248) 594-5218 †
http://www.worldasset.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

World Asset Management, Inc. Company Profile
Investment advice
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional World Asset Management, Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Detroit, MI, United States
Financial Planners & Investment Advisers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























NEW WORLD ASSET MANAGEMENT INC - CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



CITY OF INDUSTRY



Management Services



Management Services



                            NEW WORLD ASSET MANAGEMENT INC
                                    



 





















N 


NEW WORLD ASSET MANAGEMENT INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



17800 CASTLETON ST # 200 CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA 91748
Get Directions



(626) 810-7874





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


New World Asset Management Inc was founded in 2001, and is located at 17800 Castleton St # 200 in City Of Industry. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $150,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















World Asset Management | A Comerica Company | Contact Us











Contact Us: 313.222.1227
MENU





Contact World Asset Management

World Asset Management, Inc.
MC 3379
				  411 W. Lafeyette Blvd.
Detroit, Michigan 48226


Kelly Fetterman
Phone: 313.222.1227
Email Kelly Fetterman


 





Securities and other non-deposit investment products are not insured by the FDIC; are not deposits or other obligations of, or guaranteed by, Comerica Bank or any of its affiliates; and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
World Asset Management, Inc. is a subsidiary of Comerica Bank and is a federally registered investment advisor. Registrations do not imply a certain level of skill or training. Information presented is for general information only and is subject to change. Comerica Bank and its affiliates do not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your specific situation.
World Asset ManagementSM and the World Asset Management logo are registered service marks of Comerica Bank.















World Asset Management, Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report















World Asset Management, Inc. Revenue and Financial Data
Investment advice







Financials Information for World Asset Management, Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$4.589675 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Medium
                        These businesses have a moderate projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure.






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































