










 







WORLDSENSE HOLDINGS, LTD. - Other Technology- Dapuzzo  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









WORLDSENSE HOLDINGS, LTD.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Rua Dos Guajajaras, 628 Sala 212, Centro 
    Belo Horizonte, D5, 30180-913Phone: 55-31-99313-5968 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


$56,499


$56,499


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Carlo Dapuzzo 
 Director 


 Diego Lopes Nogueira 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Davi De Castro Reis 
 Director, Executive 












Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc.  Funding details


Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc. Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001650199IRS Number: 471940765Address: 6400 CHRISTIE AVENUE #2321 EMERYVILLE 94608Phone number: (717) 713-3610



Latest news
Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc. raised $100,000 from 2 investors on 2016-03-10.



Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-03-10New Form D$125,000$100,000$25,000$0206b[SEC Filing]2016-02-12New Form D$10,000$10,0000$0206b[SEC Filing]2015-08-05New Form D$15,000$15,0000$0206b[SEC Filing]
Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc. raised $125,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc.
Key People in Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc.:

Gabriel BakerCederik Haverbeke
Similar companiesWorlds of Wonder Press, LLC, WORLDS INC, WORLDSENSE HOLDINGS, LTD.








Last visited companies: WNC Tax Credits 37, LLC, Windy City Partners L.P., NantKwest, Inc., Zyngenia, Inc., c4castcom inc

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















WORLDS INC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











WORLDS INC  Funding details


WORLDS INC Industry: Other TechnologyCIK Number: 0000001961IRS Number: 221848316Industry name: SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]Trading symbol: WDDDAddress: 11 ROYAL ROAD  BROOKLINE 02445Phone number: 617-725-8900Former name: COMPUTER INDUSTRIES LTD, date of change: 1969-03-18Former name: ACADEMIC COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC, date of change: 1992-07-03Former name: WORLDS INC, date of change: 1998-02-13Former name: WORLDS COM INC, date of change: 2000-05-19Former name: WORLD.COM, date of change: 



Latest news
WORLDS INC raised $302,000 from 15 investors on 2013-02-14.



WORLDS INC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2013-02-14New Form D$500,000$302,000$198,000$5,0001505 06 46[SEC Filing]
WORLDS INC raised $302,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of WORLDS INC
Key People in WORLDS INC:

THOMAS KIDRINBERNARD STOLARROBERT FIREMANCHRISTOPHER RYAN
Similar companiesWorlds of Wonder Press, LLC, Worlds Beyond Studios, Inc., WORLDSENSE HOLDINGS, LTD.








Last visited companies: Nano Precision Medical, Inc., Ostra Capital Partners 8, LP, PAG Asia Loan II Feeder Fund II L.P., PC Strawberry Creek Fund, L.P., PEAR SPORTS LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Timeturns Holdings Limited - Our Products















 


Home
About Us
Products & Services
Our Markets
Contact Us











We began life in 2005 in The Kingdom of Nepal (Spicenepal) as the first privately owned GSM mobile operator, and since the initiation of our expansion strategy in 2006, we have expanded rapidly. Timeturns has built its GSM mobile network using the most advanced telecommunication equipments available in the market in order to provide its valued subscribers with the highest quality of services. Timeturns strives to bring a wide range of mobile phone services that are already available or as they become available in the world. Our goal is to make our brand synonymous with innovation and quality.The telecommunication trends are in many ways similar in the emerging markets and more developed markets. Today timeturns operates in many countries. 
More Information
Majority-owned companies:

 Latelz Co. Ltd. - Cambodia
 Lacell Co. Ltd. - Burundi
 Benson Informatics Ltd. - Tanzania
 Suretelcom Uganda Ltd. - Uganda
 Yozma Timeturns Spr. - DRC
 Intergroup Telecom - Sierra Leone

Associated company:

 Ncell (Spice Nepal) - Nepal




Click on the map below to read more about our markets.



 









                    Copyright © Timeturns Holdings Limited, 2010. All Rights Reserved
                    Website Design & Development by Extreme Web Technologies














S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:44 AM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd. produces dairy products and is based in Shanghai, China. S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Shanghai Industrial Holdings Ltd.


Shanghai,  China










Key Executives for S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd.


S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 21Cake Food Co., Ltd. Asia A.K. Quantum Agriculture Technology Corp. Asia AgFeed Animal Nutrition Holdings, Inc. Asia Agricapital (Tianjin) Limited Asia Agricultural Academy of Wuwei Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact S.I. Food Products Holdings Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Golden Source Holdings Ltd - Hong Kong Manufacturer | HKTDC




















































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room
 |

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout










Select Your Language









Google Real-Time Translation 








Cancel

This service is provided by Google Inc. If any part of the translated version is unclear, reference should be made to the English version.




























All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Book & Printed Item
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Product
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbag & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Product
Medical Supply and Medicine
Packaging Product & Material
Pet & Pet Supply
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Raw Material & Chemical
Service
Specialised Product
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Toy & Game
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Book & Printed Item
Computer & Peripherals
Environmental Protection Equipment 
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Medical Supply & Medicine
Pet & Pet Supply
Raw Material & Chemical
Specialised Product
Stationery & Office Equipment
Toy & Game
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Product
Building Material, Hardware & Machinery
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Handbag & Travel Goods
Household Product
Lighting Product
Packaging Product & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Sports Goods
Telecommunication
Watch & Clock
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre























































































																		 Company Home







																	 Company Profile






·

Certification








																	 Products / Services






·

All (10)








																 Promotion & Publicity






·

HKTDC Magazine












































Company Information








														Office Address:
													


 
														
														
																Room 14, 12/F, Block A Hoi Luen Industrial Centre 55 Hoi Yuen Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
															




 

														Office Hour:
													

														0930-1800
													
 

														Contact Person:
													

 
													
														Miss Sanny Hung 
														
															

 







 
														
														
														Contact Supplier





Chat with Us:














































			Golden Source Holdings Ltd
		

			Office Address: Room 14, 12/F, Block A Hoi Luen Industrial Centre 55 Hoi Yuen Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
		


			Contact Person: Miss Sanny Hung 
		

			Telephone:
			


			Fax:
			























Golden Source Holdings Ltd

- Hong Kong
				
				

























































Golden Source Holdings Ltd
Golden Source Holdings LtdLess





















Product/Service Highlights














 














 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier











 











Other Products/Services














 















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier






















 



  Ladies Underwear
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Bra And Brief Set
															 





Contact Supplier












 








All Products/Services






Company Profile
















Year of Establishment:



2001








Nature of Business:


Manufacturer
											
										








Industry:



Garments, Textiles & Accessories









Product/Service Range:




											
										
											Knitted Underwear & Swimwear
											
										









OEM Capability:




											
											    Yes
											    
											
										








ODM Capability:




											
											    Yes
											    
											
























Company Location




















Contact Information







Company:


 
								
		                  			Golden Source Holdings Ltd
		                  		
									




Contact Person:


 
								
		                			Miss Sanny Hung 
		                		
									



Office Address:

						
						
		                	Room 14, 12/F, Block A Hoi Luen Industrial Centre 55 Hoi Yuen Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
		                
		                	
			                	




Country/Region:

Hong Kong







Telephone:



Fax:



Website:


								www.hktdc.com/em/gsc															 				
								     
							
					
							
								
									
									
										www.gsc.com.hk
									
								
							

							






    					    More














Contact Supplier





























Contact this Supplier













Contact this Supplier









Email your message



Please enter your message














Contact this Supplier









Email your message

Add More Details






I would like to know more about your company and your products.
I would like to know more about your company and your products.










Submit



























































 






         Font


Print this page



Email this page




﻿ Newsletter



﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device






														﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
												





﻿ Suppliers
											














 Regional Websites:


































 






hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 






















































www.hktdc.com


Copyright © 2000-
2017
Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


Reproduction in whole or in part without HKTDC's permission is prohibited. 








 

Products  |  Intime Holdings Ltd



























































































 



 

Follow Us

twitterlinkedin 


 











					Products	

HomeProducts 






PROPERTY SERVICES












Water Treatment

						Intime Holdings is an established and experienced supplier of specialist Water Management Services. These services include L8 compliant legionella risk…					











Fire Protection

						Your fire prevention system is a part of your building’s life support, keeping your employees and business safe from potential…					











Security Protection

						Intime Holdings offers a wide range of professional security services which include Intruder Alarm, CCTV, Access Control, Remote Monitoring and…					




 










 





























×
				We use Cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookies policy.			

 




Products - SkywindGroup Holdings LTD







































































Menu
















 









Products & Services
Our expertise in handling some of the industry’s most prominent clients is evident in our success record, and highlighted by the global achievements of customers and partners who benefit from our products and services.





GMS
Global Management System – A comprehensive hub of services to cover all your management needs.
 

 

B2B/C Multi-Tiered Business Structure
Accessible via GUI and/ or Secured API
Royalty Assurance and Settlement
Structure-Driven Authentication (Privileges)
Affiliate System
Support Applications
Flexible Reporting And BI Tools
Real Time Data Driven Marketing Engine
Deep Learning Behavioural Engine
Advanced User Segmentation
Multi-Currency and Multi-Language
Intelligent Fraud Prevention Tools
Content Management System
Seamless Wallet
Payment Gateway Agnostic
Compliance And Regulatory Framework
Reliability, DR, Fail-over, Cyber Security
And So Much More..







Falcon
Our gaming platform is build from the ground up for ultra high loads and offers numerous integration tools to any content provider. Offering a cross channel Jack-Pot Network and a comprehensive set of API’s allowing you to seamlessly combine with your home grown management tools or with the GMS. Gain access to our deep learning behavioural engine through our non-intrusive integration tools and start engaging with your users in real-time on-screen marketing, up-sale, cross-sale and in-game promotions.
 

Built For Speed (up to 100K bets/sec)
Seamless Integration
Progressive Jack-Pot Network
Stand Alone OR Integrated
Built-In Connectors To All Major Content Providers
Custom Integration To Any 3rd Party Content Provider
Reporting
And So Much More..







Virtual Studio
Our revolutionary do-it-yourself Virtual Studio allows you to create high-quality, unique games in mere weeks, turning any asset into an HTML5-friendly game. Once you’re happy with your game, get it up-and-running with Falcon and start engaging your users immediately.
 

Drag & Drop WYSIWYG Editor
Timeline Animations
Spine Integration
Texture Packer Integration
Huge Library Of Ready Game UI Components
Assets Sizing Optimization Tools
Sound Encoding
Slot’s Specific Reel Settings
Timeline Events And Triggers
Locales Live Preview
Custom Fonts
And So Much More..







Retail
We are 100% Retail compatible. All our products and services support retail and land based gaming floors. With a comprehensive suite of API’s and SDK’s we are able to tap into any terminal device.
 

Integration with QR / Bar Code Readers
Physical Cashier Centers Support
Limits, Restrictions & Configuration
Reporting
Interface For Players’ Registration (for land-based Kiosks system)
And So Much More..




To Learn moreContact us
 


 
 



 

 
 

WordPress Lightbox Plugin














DDN Holdings., Ltd Products | Suppliers from Manufacturer.com
















Join NowSign In








Free MemberNot Verified




DDN Holdings., Ltd
It's our pleasure to introduce our company, DDN Holding Ltd. We are one of the professional BOPET/Polyester, BOPP, CPP, PET, BOPA film manufacturers and export and have been in business for almost 35years. Our products c ...




 Home
Company Profile
Products
Videos
Contact Us








DDN Holdings., Ltd
				14F Qianjiang International Business Center
				8# Qianjian Road
				Hangzhou, China 310008
				China				
Manufacturer

Product Categories

Films [14]
Plastic Packaging Materials [12]












All Products




Select to



View as:





Show:
10
20
30
50







CPP Plain film for printing and lamination
CPP Plain film for printing and lamination CPP Plain Film CPP Film: 2 produce lines 10000MT/year Specifications: Thickness: 20mic-75mic Width: 350mm-1600mm Application: CPP Plain Film is a co-extruded cast polypropylene film with one side heat sealable la ...






BOPA Film Simul
BOPA Film Simul Specification: Thickness: 12mic, 15mic, 25mic Width: 500mm-1600mm Application: Widely used in the following: (1) retort grade food packaging; (2) freezing food packaging; (3) Electric product packaging






BOPET Color film, polyester film, white film, milky film
BOPET Color film, polyester film, white film, milky film BOPET Color film, polyester film, white film, milky film BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 30mic-350mic Width: 500m ...






BOPET Hot stamping / Transfer film, polyester film
BOPET Hot stamping / Transfer film, polyester film BOPET Hot stamping / Transfer film, polyester film BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 12mic-150mic Width: 350mm-1600mm App ...






BOPET Metalized film, VM-BOPET film, polyester film
BOPET Metalized film, VM-BOPET film, Polyester BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 12mic-150mic Width: 350mm-1600mm Application: It is good barrier for aroma, moisture, oxyge ...






BOPET Matte film polyester film
BOPET Matte film polyester film BOPET Matte film polyester film for printing and lamination BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 25mic-75mic Width: 350mm-1600mm






BOPET Matte film polyester film
BOPET Matte film polyester film BOPET Matte film polyester film for printing and lamination BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 25mic-75mic Width: 350mm-1600mm






BOPET Plain film polyester film for printing and lamination
BOPET Plain film polyester film for printing and lamination BOPET Plain film polyester film for printing and lamination BOPET Film: 4 producing lines 46000MT/year. (Equipments came from Germany, named Bruckner) Specification: Thickness: 12mic-350mic Width ...






CPP Retort pouch film for food packing
CPP Retort pouch film for food packing CPP Retort pouch film CPP Film: 2 produce lines 10000MT/year Specifications: Thickness: 20mic-75mic Width: 350mm-1600mm Application: It's good for meat, soup, rice, cooked food packing with high barrier, for ready to ...






CPP Metalized film, VM-CPP film
CPP Metalized film, VM-CPP film CPP Metalized film, VM-CPP film CPP Film: 2 produce lines 10000MT/year Specifications: Thickness: 20mic-75mic Width: 350mm-1600mm Application: It can be widely used on food packing, medicine, cosmetic and biscuits...It's a  ...




Select to










Displaying products 1 - 10 of 26

1
2
3
of
3


























Company

About Us
Why Manufacturer.com
Press Center
Media Partners
Affiliate Program



Buy on Manufacturer.com

How to Buy
Post Product Requests
Become a Buyer
Made in the USA Products



Sell on Manufacturer.com

How to Sell
Newest Product Requests
Display Products
Premium Membership
Made in the USA



Community Tools

Answers
Videos
Trade Shows
Trade Chat



Support

Help Center
Safety & Security
Intellectual Property Rights
Contact Us












Wholesale Product Channels:

Electronics  ·  
          Apparel  ·  
          Toys  ·  
          Jewelry  ·  
          Fashion Accessories  ·  
          Handbags  ·  
          Shoes  ·  
          Tools  ·  
          Closeouts
Sunglasses  ·  
          Automotive  ·  
          Dollar Store Items  ·  
          Seasonal Items  ·  
          Health & Beauty  ·  
          Home Appliances




© 2005-2017 JP Communications, Inc - All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use  |  
        Privacy Policy















