    Allison Woss: Business Profiles | ZoomInfo.com    Allison Woss | WEYCO GROUP INC | ZoomInfo.com


Allison Woss | Florsheim Inc | Email Director, Purchasing | @florsheim.com | Phone: 414-908-1600








































 









 



  Business Card for Allison Woss:


  Allison Woss
 Director, Purchasing
Milwaukee, WI areaEmail Avail: 3 Day Free Trial 





Florsheim Inc 
 
                  333 W Estabrook Blvd                  

Milwaukee, WI 53212-1067  

                  Tel: (414) 908-1600 

www.florsheim.com
 Last updated on 2016-12-02 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Allison Woss:

Allison Woss  works as an Director, Purchasing for Florsheim Inc at Milwaukee, WI.  The company's webpage is http://www.florsheim.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Director, Purchasing and other executives of Florsheim Inc at Milwaukee, WI, check
                  Florsheim Inc                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Allison Woss you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Allison Woss. 

 Allison Woss's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Allison Woss's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Allison Woss's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 29, 2017, Allison Woss has
                2                co-workers under the company name
                Florsheim Inc                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Florsheim Inc:

Florsheim Inc is located at 333 W Estabrook Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53212-1067. It has around 100 - 250 employees. Its revenue is around $100 - 500M. The SIC Classification for this organization is 5661 - Shoe stores--Chain of shoe stores|Location: Headquarters|DBAs: Florsheim|The products of this company include: Footwear - Mens, Leather Goods, Luggage, Mens Hosiery, Shoe Care, Footwear - Boys|Department(s) include: Loyalty Marketing Program 

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

Nancy ShapiroVice President of Store OperationJoyce Leslie IncJeanice GantusIT ManagerAbercrombie & Fitch Co.James GaringMIS ManagerEastbayRandy SwainVice President Facility/MaintenanceHelzberg Diamond Shops, Inc.Brian BanisterStore Information Technology CoordinatorFrederick's of HollywoodLarry PromiselVice President of E-CommerceBarneys New York, Inc. 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.







SEC Filings









 Salesmen Order Entry
Customer Order Entry 
Customer Utilities
Vendors
Careers 
California Supply Chains Act 
CPC 




 

Home
 Investor Relations
Press Release 
SEC Filing
Corporate Governance 
Corporate Officers 
Dividend History 



Corporate Officers 
Updated 05/02/2017





Directors
Thomas W. Florsheim
              Chairman Emeritus
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr.
              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John W. Florsheim
              President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary
Robert Feitler
              Chairman, Executive Committee
Tina Chang
              Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of SysLogic, Inc. 
Cory L. Nettles
              Managing Director, Generation Growth Capital, Inc.
Frederick P. Stratton, Jr.
              Chairman Emeritus, Briggs & Stratton Corporation. 









Executive Officers 
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr. 
              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 John W. Florsheim
              President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary 
John F. Wittkowske
              Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
Judy Anderson
Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Mike Bernsteen
              Vice President, and President of Nunn Bush Brand
Dustin Combs
Vice President, and President of BOGS and Rafters Brands
Brian Flannery
              Vice President, and President of Stacy Adams Brand
            
Kevin Schiff
Vice President and President of Florsheim Brand
George Sotiros
Vice President, Information Technology and Vice President, Distribution
Allison Woss
Vice President, Supply Chain         









Officers            
William Combs
              Vice President, Founder and Director of Product of BOGS and Rafters Brands
Riley Combs
              Vice President Sales, BOGS and Rafters Brands 
David Cook
              Vice President, BOGS Marketing
            
Steele Davidoff
              Vice President, Licensing 
Jeff Douglass
              Vice President, Marketing
            
Beverly Goldberg
            Vice President Sales, Florsheim Brand
Al Jackson
              Vice President, Customer Relations/Vendor Compliance 
Kim Kesler
              Vice President, Credit
Kevin Kious
            Vice President Work Sales, BOGS Brand
DeAnna Osteen
              Vice President, Human Resources
            
David Polansky
              Vice President Sales, Stacy Adams Brand
Keven Ringgold
              Vice President, Design 
Mary Kelly, Santos
              Vice President Product Development, BOGS and Rafters Brands            
Maria Stavrides
            Vice President, Weyco Canada            
Joshua Wisenthal
Vice President, Product Development - Canada 





 


ÂŠ2011  | www.weycogroup.com | sitemap 














Allison Woss | Weyco Group, Inc. | Email, VP Purchasing, @weycogroup.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Allison Woss

 Weyco Group, Inc.  VP Purchasing


Updated On : 
                    Jun 29, 2017                            

export

















333 W. Estabrook Blvd.

Milwaukee, WI 53212


Email format for @weycogroup.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Retail->Apparel Retail                    
SIC Code:  
                         5139  - Footwear








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Weyco Group, Inc.'s VP Purchasing is Allison Woss. They are based in Milwaukee, WI, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Apparel retail industry. Allison Woss's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Weyco Group, Inc. contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @weycogroup.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Allison Woss are AWoss@weycogroup.com, Allison.Woss@weycogroup.com, Allison@weycogroup.com, and Allison_Woss@weycogroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@weycogroup.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Allison W - Executive
A Ashburn, VA-based organization, Dimension Consulting Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @dimcon.com email addresses, as well as details on Allison W's email, the organization's Client Services Manager. Their profile can be found in Technology consulting/services category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Allison W, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Allison W are AW@dimcon.com, Allison.W@dimcon.com, Allison@dimcon.com, and Allison_W@dimcon.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@dimcon.com addresses.
Allison W - Other
A Staff at Cardiff University / Prifysgol Caerdydd based in Cardiff, ENG, Allison W has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Cardiff University / Prifysgol Caerdydd in our Education/training category. The company CEO is Keith Brain. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Allison W' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Allison W.  Some possible email formats for Allison W are AW@cardiff.ac.uk, Allison.W@cardiff.ac.uk, Allison@cardiff.ac.uk, and Allison_W@cardiff.ac.uk. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cardiff.ac.uk addresses.
Allison W - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Allison W?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also CH2M email addresses within the @ch2m.com profile so Allison W's email could be included.  Allison W is part of the CH2M which has its main offices in Birmingham, AL.  Currently holds the post of Environmental Technician.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Architecture/engineering industry.  Some possible email formats for Allison W are AW@ch2m.com, Allison.W@ch2m.com, Allison@ch2m.com, and Allison_W@ch2m.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ch2m.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
John Florsheim - Operations
John Florsheim's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Weyco Group, Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other Weyco Group, Inc. email addresses with the @weycogroup.com domain format.  He is part of Weyco Group, Inc. where he serves as the COO.  Weyco Group, Inc.'s main office is set in Milwaukee, WI. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Apparel retail category.  Some possible email formats for John Florsheim are JFlorsheim@weycogroup.com, John.Florsheim@weycogroup.com, John@weycogroup.com, and John_Florsheim@weycogroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@weycogroup.com addresses.
Thomas Florsheim - Executive
If you need @weycogroup.com email addresses for Weyco Group, Inc., you can find them on Lead411 as Thomas Florsheim's email might be available. Thomas Florsheim, the company's CEO/Chairman, also has extensive contact information, including Weyco Group, Inc.'s facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Milwaukee, WI-based Weyco Group, Inc. can be found on Lead411 under the Apparel retail industry.  Some possible email formats for Thomas Florsheim are TFlorsheim@weycogroup.com, Thomas.Florsheim@weycogroup.com, Thomas@weycogroup.com, and Thomas_Florsheim@weycogroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@weycogroup.com addresses.
John Wittkowske - Finance
If you need @weycogroup.com email addresses for Weyco Group, Inc., you can find them on Lead411 as John Wittkowske's email might be available. John Wittkowske, the company's Sr. VP. CFO, also has extensive contact information, including Weyco Group, Inc.'s facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Milwaukee, WI-based Weyco Group, Inc. can be found on Lead411 under the Apparel retail industry.  Some possible email formats for John Wittkowske are JWittkowske@weycogroup.com, John.Wittkowske@weycogroup.com, John@weycogroup.com, and John_Wittkowske@weycogroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@weycogroup.com addresses.

People Directory > Allison Woss




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Products - Woss Inc.





















































































 









Search for:















Our products

We have developed professional quality underwater photo & video equipment and lighting systems based on our personal experience of diving
and underwater video shooting. We also have developed a complete range of accessories which are ready for use. We manufacture all components in-house,
in our factory in South Korea using high-strength materials and cutting edge technology.






For Professional Video Cameras








WOSS Pro-MX
Cinema Housing
The WOSS Pro-MX cinema housing is designed for professional cameras, the SONY PXW-FS7 and PMW-F5, ARRI ALEXA Mini, Red Epic and Red Scarlet and enables underwater digital shooting at depths up to 120 meters. The housing is made of high-strength aluminum alloy using CNC machining. A titanium oxide coating provides high resistance to mechanical impacts, deterioration, and corrosion. A combination of digital and mechanical camera controls provide access to all camera functions during diving.
A built-in weight balancing system enables us to compensate the buoyancy of housing with the camcorder, arms and lights so that it approaches neutral buoyancy and trim. Depending on the installed cameras with accessories, the rear cover optionally can be changed, which in turn influences the housing overall dimensions; moreover, installation of additional equipment and accessories on the housing is possible, such as an additional external monitor. Total housing weight including the camcorder, from 11.4 kg .


Read More







WOSS Pro-700
Video Housing
The WOSS PRO-700 housing is designed for professional camcorders SONY NEX-FS700 or NEX-FS100 and enables underwater digital shooting at depths up to 120 meters. The device is made of high-strength aluminum alloy using CNC machining. A titanium oxide coating provides high resistance to mechanical impacts, deterioration, and corrosion. A combination of digital & mechanical camera controls provide access to all camera functions during diving.
A built-in weight balancing system enables to compensate the buoyancy of housing with the camcorder, arms and light so that it approaches neutral buoyancy and trim. A progressive system of external mounts enables us to mount the housing on an underwater scooter or another base device; moreover, installation of additional equipment and accessories on the housing is possible, such as external arms, clamps and lights. Total housing weight including the camcorder—9.7 kg onward.

Read More










For Palm-held-format Video Camera







WOSS Travel-X
Underwater Housing
 The WOSS Travel-X waterproof housing was designed for popular Palm-held format Sony cameras for underwater digital shooting. It has a superb compact travel size and light-weight design, enabling you to shoot at underwater depths up to 180 meters. The WOSS housing is made of high-strength aluminum alloy using CNC machining.
A titanium oxide coating provides high resistance to mechanical impacts, deterioration, and corrosion. This versatile housing is compatible with the majority of Sony Handicam models. The LANC control system allows the operator to change camera models without changing the position of the operating controls or push-buttons.
Depending on the camera model, the housing buoyancy with camcorder can be slightly negative or close to neutral.
Housing weight (without camcorder)—3.3 kg onward, ready for use.

Read More







For Photo Camera




WOSS Alpha-7
Photo Housing
The WOSS Alpha7 housing for Sony a7 cameras is a durable waterproof shell that enables capturing both beautiful photos and video.
It is made of solid marine-grade anodized aluminum alloy. The buoyancy of the housing with the camera is slightly negative. Mechanical controls give access to all camera functions and allow creating masterpiece images using the full range of the camera’s functions. The monitor window is inclinated 24° from the vertical plane and is designed to utilize the camera monitor’s features and allows a comfortable head position.
The port extension has magnetic control rings option for manual zoom and focus. Despite the lack of built-in flash, it’s possible to operate external strobes via an optical cable (optional).
The housing weight including camera and dome port —2.9 kg onward, ready for use.

Read More










Underwater Light







Waterproof Video Light
 Cinema-8000
The WOSS Cinema-8000 was especially designed for high quality professional underwater photo and video shooting. The Light has all necessary functions for comfortable, high quality shooting.
Due to the use of industry leading LEDs from CREE and a dome lens, the beam angle is close to 120°. The light output can be adjusted discretely in the range from 2400 to 8000 lumens. The combination of LEDs with different color temperatures, provides superior color reproduction (CRI≥90). Quick replacement of rechargeable battery allows the diver to always be ready for the next dive.
The Master/Slave Mode provides a unique opportunity to control two or four lights using the single controls. Infrared ports and optical cables provide reliability of remote control. The diver can easily connect the remote either on land or while under water. A convenient handle can be added, in place of the ball-mount, so that the light can be used as a torch during night dives. 

Read More







WOSS Neutral Buoyancy Arms, Clamps & Accessories




Arms, tripod,
clamp & accessories.
WOSS Arms and tripod camera system components are made of high-strength aluminum treated with a long-lasting hard anodizing coating, which provides a damage-resistant articulated joint with excellent holding-power. Arms come with 1-inch double ball-endings. Silicone O-ring embedded in ball assures ease of adjustment and also keeps the arm secure and remaining in place once set. WOSS Arm sections are available in four sizes: 150 mm, 210 mm, 280 mm, and 350 mm giving opportunity to build a system customized to the individual user’s needs.
WOSS Arms are designed with a hermetically sealed cavity inside, this compensates for the arm’s weight, creating a near neutral buoyancy system. WOSS Clamps are used to adjust and lock the arms and are made from special marine aluminum alloy having a heightened strength. The WOSS Clamps are designed with easy-to-grasp construction, that are easy to operate, yet lock the arms in the desired position without having to over-tighten. 

Read More



















×

			We use Cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookies policy.		






































Woss Allison - Weyco Group Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsWoss AllisonWeyco Group (WEYS)VP - Supply Chain Not RankedWoss Allison's PerformanceWoss Allison has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Weyco Group (WEYS)$53KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesWeyco Group (WEYS): VP - Supply ChainSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Woss Allison's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateWEYSWeyco GroupVP - Supply Chain$53,184Uninformative Buy(undisclosed)Dec 20, 2016Woss Allison has not reported any informative transactions for WEYS, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Dec 20, 2016 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 1,925 $29.76 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























