










 



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC





























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Fingerprinting
 > 
WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC



Request a Quote

































WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC






            Business Information
        






(303) 456-2514

WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC
3 years in business

        6767 Xenon Dr
        Arvada, CO 80004-2227
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            kathleen@wovois.com
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.wovois.com/


http://www.wovois.com/mobile-fingerprinting-services-colorado






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 03/30/2017
            

                Business Started: 07/02/2014





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Kathleen Erickson, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Fingerprinting
            




                            Fingerprinting Equipment
                        

                            Fingerprinting - Live Scan
                        

                            Screening - Background & Employment
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        Livescan software, Fingerprint scanners, Livescan jumpkits, Fingerprinting Services

    



            Service Area
        
         Denver Metro Area, ARVADA, CO, DENVER COUNTY, CO

    






                    Methods of Payment
                


                            Corporate Check, All Major Credit Cards and Cash
                        




                    Refund & Exchange Policy: 
                
                No refunds. Hardware comes with 1 -year warranty and software is sold with a support and maintenance contract. 
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


WoVo Identity Solutions is a woman-owned, veteran-owned small business focused on developing and selling biometric (fingerprinting) solutions that are used for vetting people for employment, housing, licensing, permits, volunteer work with children and disabled individuals, travel, immigration, adoption, access control, criminal booking and rapid identification of unknown individuals (living and deceased).
Our customer base includes law enforcement agencies, airports, schools/universities/BOCES, community action agencies, embassies, casinos, gun stores, healthcare and family care agencies, Federal agencies, security companies, independent fingerprinting service providers, coroners/medical examiners and the list keeps growing.
In addition to selling these solutions and training customers how to fingerprint people using livescan equipment, we also provide mobile fingerprinting services to residents in the Denver Metro and surrounding areas.

 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile












FingerSCAN is the brandname of a series of mobile applications that work with fingerprint scanners.





This is a tenprint scanner that works with various livescan software solutions.





This picture shows a portable traditional livescan system that we sell.





This picture shows what the FingerSCAN Jumpkit looks like.





We offer mobile fingerprinting services in Denver Metro and surrounding areas.





Previous



Next















Business Profile

























Previous



Next









BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 04/19/2017










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[4] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[0] Negative Reviews



[4] Total Customer Reviews
                        




                        This business has no complaints filed
                    









Composite Score:





                        WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC has received 5 out of 5 stars based on 4 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 


















WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC - AAAE Vendor Search





























 










AAAE
Vendor Search                
 










Airport Administration

Cleaning Service
Cots / Blankets
Fuel Cards
Fuel Management
Fuel Systems
GPS / Vehicle Locators
Interior Design
Inventory Control
Noise Abatement / Control
Office Furniture
Property Management
Waste Management
Weather Services



Airport Revenue

Airlines
Airport Parking
Apron Management
Based Aircraft Billing
Car Rental
Fixed Based Operators
Food & Beverage
Landing Fee Billing
Medical Services
Restaurants
Retail Stores



Baggage / Cargo

Baggage Handling Systems Designs
Baggage Systems
Conveyor Systems
Handling Services
Passenger Luggage Carts
Scales



Building Components

Air Filtration Systems
Asbestos Control
Auxiliary Power / Generators
Carpet / Flooring
Castings
Cleaning Supplies
Doors / Door Controls
Entrance Systems
Fencing
Flooring Repair / Restoration
Gate / Lounge / Terminal Seating
Green Products
Hand Dryers
Hangar Lighting
Hangars
HVAC
Indoor Lighting
Lockers
Millwork
Parking Garage
Parking Garage Booth
Parking Lighting
Portable Buildings
Power / Electrical Services
Power Monitoring / Management
Restroom Products / Supplies
Shade Structures
Terrazzo
Ticket / Gate Counters
Waste Receptacle
Windows / Films / Treatments



Business Services

Accounting / Financial Services
Advertising / Marketing Services
Background Screening / Testing
Community Relations
Dispute Resolution
Distance Learning Classes
Education / Training
ERP 
Executive Search
Freight Service
Human Factors
Human Resources
Insurance Broker
Insurance Services
Labor Solutions
Land / Right of Way Services
Legal Services
Logistics
Manufacturing Services
Mapping / Land Survey
Market Research: Surveys / Focus Groups
Mystery Shopping
Public Relations
Publications
Real Estate Services
Risk Management
Strategic Planning
Test & Evaluation



Consulting / Contracting

ADA Accessibility
Air Service Development
Air Traffic Control Services
Aircraft Parking
Airport Fueling
Airport Lighting Systems / Design
Airport Management
Airport Marking Consulting
Analytical / Strategic
Appraisal
Architects / Engineers / Planners
Baggage Design
Brownfields
Concession Services
Condition Assessment
Construction and Facility Development
Construction Management
Construction Materials Evaluation
Covered Parking Structures
DBE Consulting
Design / Build
Disaster Planning / Response
Economic
Elevator Consulting 
Environmental
Facilities Management
Forensic Expert Witness / Testing
Infrastructure
Land Acquisition
Landscaping Design / Services
Parking
Parking Guidance
Parking Guidance
Parking Management
Pavement Management
Paving Services
Performance Services
Project Management
Safety / Security
Service Life Engineering
Sound Insulation
Subsurface Utility Engineering
Tarmac Delays
Transition Management
Transportation Management



Fuel Equipment

Fueling / Defueling Equipment
Fuels
Lubricants
Refueling Equipment
Storage Systems / Tanks



Green

Marketing & Promotions
Products & Services
Recycling Programs
Retail Concessions
Sustainability Consultants



Ground Equipment

Air Traffic Control Equipment
Aircraft Handling
Airfield / Apron Buses
Airfield Equipment
Baggage / Cargo Handling
Communications / Signaling Equipment
Construction Equipment
Drainage
Emergency Vehicles
Ground Support Equipment
Ground Transportation
Parking Equipment
Pavement Equipment
Street Sweeper / Brushes
Terminal Equipment
Water Conservation



IT / Communications

 CMMS / EAM
Commissioning
Common Operational Picture
Communications Center
Crash Phones
Flight Information Display Systems
Geographic Information Systems
Ground Transportation Software
IT and Communications
IT Managed Services
Paging / Public Address Systems
Radio Communication
Ramp Tower Operations
Real-Time Situational Awareness
Software - Information Systems
Software - Management Systems
Software - Simulation
Software Development
System Integration
Systems Selections
Telecommunications
Thermal Printers
Wireless Communications



Lobby / Public Areas

ATM Machines
Concessions / Vending
Cup Holders
Flight / Baggage Info Displays
Kiosks
Lobby Furniture
Lobby Seating
Pet Relief Areas
Playgrounds
Public Guidance / Railing Systems
Signs & Displays
Televisions
Waste Receptacle



Maintenance / Operation

Air Traffic Control
Aviation Systems
Baggage Systems
Elevators / Escalators / Conveyors
Flooring Repair / Restoration
Ground Service Equipment
Operational Auditing
Runway / Taxiway / Ramp
Terrazzo
Underground Access



Maintenance Repair / Shop Equipment

Aircraft Jacks
Aircraft Washing Equipment
Ground Run-Up Enclosures
Grounds Maintenance / Equipment
GSE Engines / Parts / Accessories
Heavy Duty Lifts
Man Lifts / Platforms
Oil Stain Removal
Oxygen Boosters / Refillers / Nitrogen Carts
Parking Maintenance
Testing Equipment / Supplies
Tools



Runway / Taxiway / Ramp

Airfield Marking / Striping
Airway Lighting / Beacons
Aviation Surfacing
Construction
Density Altitude Systems
FOD Detection
FOD Sweeper
Friction Measurement
Jet Blast Deflectors
Pavement / Concrete / Asphalt Testing
Pavement Reinforcement
Rapid Runway Repair
Rubber Deposit Removal
Runway Grass
Sealcoating
Smoothness Testing
Underground Access
Waterproofing



Safety Equipment / Supplies

ARFF Buildings & Equipment
Bird / Pest / Wildlife Control
Clothing / Boots
Crash Phones
Emergency Response
Eye / Hearing Protection
Fall Protection
Fire Detection / Control Systems
Fire Extinguishing Systems / Agent
Hazmat Management / Storage
Safety Management Systems
Safety Products / Accessories
Sirens



Security

Access Controls
Biometrics
Entry Control Portal (ECP)
Floor Runners
Guard / Parking Booth
Identification / Credentialing
Metal Detectors
Perimeter Security
Pole Cameras
Risk Assessments
Screening Equipment
Security Equipment / Accessories
Security Gate / Operator Systems
Security Services / Monitoring
Security Training
Surveillance Systems
Underground Access



Snow / Ice Control

Communications & Coordination
De-Icing Systems / Chemicals
Fog Dispersion
Recovery Processing / Services
Runway Clearing
Sidewalk Sweepers
Snow / Ice Control Services
Snow Melting
Snow Plows



Transportation / Conveyance

Buses
Electric Vehicle
Elevators
Escalators
Navigational Aids
Passenger Boarding Bridges / Ramps
Passenger Loading Systems
Shuttle Service
Transportation Services
Wheel Chairs / Strollers




















Advanced Options 
















Exact Phrase



All of the Words



Company Name





State/Province
Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Mariana Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory








 

Video Listings



Members Only



Exhibitors
















WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC


            6767 Xenon Drive
            
            Arvada, 
CO 80004                    





primary location
other contact





http://www.wovois.com

Contact: Kathleen Erickson
303-456-2514
720-634-1041

Share with a friend


Send us an email




CEO/Founder

Contact: Kathleen Erickson

303.456.2514


kathleen@wovois.com










CERTIFICATIONS

VOSB
 | 
DBE



CATEGORIES & HEADINGSdetails  >>



Security //


Access Controls
Biometrics
Identification  /  Credentialing
Screening Equipment






Association badge legend

M Members Only


VS Vendor Showcase


E Exhibitors




sponsored
















Visit website | call us at 303-456-2514 















        WoVo Identity Solutions is a woman-owned, veteran-owned livescan system vendor that recommends, sells and supports affordable livescan fingerprinting systems that enable Port Authorities and Carriers to submit electronic fingerprint records to the Transportation Security Clearinghouse for the purposes of conducting Criminal History Record Checks. The livescan fingerprinting system offers the following benefits: - Cleaner and easier process for capturing electronic fingerprint images.- Superior quality images with 4-Point quality check.- More efficient process for submitting and resubmitting records electronically.- Faster screening process because results come back quicker when submitting electronically.- Excellent customer support before, during and after you buy.
    



















WoVo Identity Solutions | Digital Fingerprinting Solutions Expert


















































        
    Fingerprinting - Denver & Boulder, Colorado Accredited Businesses

    







































Denver & Boulder, Colorado Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Fingerprinting



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Denver & Boulder, Colorado

Fingerprinting








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





denver
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map



Results for:
Fingerprinting
    
           in Denver & Boulder, Colorado







BBB








 





					American Databank, LLC


110 16th St Fl 8 Denver, CO 80202
(map)


303-573-1130   


				BBB Accredited since
								2005
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					WoVo Identity Solutions, LLC


6767 Xenon Dr Arvada, CO 80004
(map)


303-456-2514   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



4
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More

















Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map





















Filter by Business Name





X





 











Sponsored by



 












View BBB Business Review






























×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email



















        
	BBB Accredited Business Directory | Denver & Boulder Colorado

    









































				BBB Accredited Business Directory
			

				a directory of BBB Accredited Businesses in Denver & Boulder, Colorado
			

Accredited Business Sponsors










                            A Time Plumbing, Heating & Air
















                            American Furniture Warehouse
















                            Apex Restoration & Roofing
















                            New Windows For America
















                            Interstate Roofing, Inc.
















                            Roof Evolution LLC
















                            Public Service Credit Union
















                            J & K Roofing, Inc.
















                            Simple Solutions Construction
















                            National Home Improvement, Inc.
















                            Littleton Heating & Air Conditioning
















                            Champion Windows, Siding & Patio Rooms
















                            Applewood Plumbing, Heating & Electric
















                            "Now" Heating & Air
















Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





denver
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location


Browse BBB Type(s) of Business in Alphabetical Order















Most Popular Types of Business(total BBB Accredited Businesses in the category)


								Roofing Contractors (634)

								Painting Contractors (323)

								Contractors - General (315)

								Auto Repair & Service (277)

								Heating Contractors (223)

								Remodeling Services (215)

								Gutters & Downspouts (199)

								Landscape Contractors (188)

								Siding Contractors (185)

								Construction & Remodeling Services (175)




 


Most Viewed (This Week)(total BBB Accredited Businesses in the category)


								Roofing Contractors (634)

								Painting Contractors (323)

								Contractors - General (315)

								Landscape Contractors (188)

								Concrete Contractors (147)

								Auto Repair & Service (277)

								Gutters & Downspouts (199)

								Heating Contractors (223)

								Electricians (165)

								Plumbers (168)









Accredited Business Sponsors










                            Quality Roofing Service Inc
















                            O'Danny Boy Builders
















                            Tyler the Tiler Contracting
















                            SS Quality Services LLC
















                            Sister 2 Sister Enterprises LLC
















                            Denver Roof Pros LLC
















                            Arapahoe Credit Union
















                            Mountain Skyline Painting LLC
















                            CTLG Enterprises LLC
















                            Restore Contracting Inc.
















                            iCoat Colorado 
















                            Evil Tickets
















                            Millennium Windows & Siding
















                            Colorado Deck and Fence Restoration Pro's, LLC
















                            Kodiak Roofing
















                            Young Brothers Hardwood Floors
















                            ACCT-Tech Consulting, LLC
















                            Environmental Contracting Roofing and Coating INC
















                            Norris Concrete Contractors
















                            Mountain High Lawn and Landscape LLC
















                            Vitelity
















                            An Affordable Plumber LLC
















                            Frontline Tree Services and Landscaping LLC
















                            Auto Magic Paintless Dent Repair 
















                            AG Contractors, Inc.
















                            Complete Glass and Door, LLC
















                            Storm Guard of North Metro Denver
















                            ER Truck & Auto Body
















                            Design Roofing, LLC
















                            CreditPoint Financial, LLC
















                            SINGLE MOM'S CLEANING SERVICES LLC
















                            BOCO Stump and Snow
















                            Mountain View Installations, LLC
















                            The Cast Iron Tavern
















                            Efficiency Electric LLC
















                            Black Rock Originals, LLC
















                            Advanced Pools & Spas, Inc
















                            Tile Pro's LLC
















                            Moving Pros LLC
















                            Total Roofing
















                            Buhv Designs LLC
















                            I&A ASPHALT SERVICES LLC
















                            Bodyworks By Murray Motor Imports
















                            303 Roofing Metal Gutters
















                            the dirt beast carpet cleaning and janitorial services
















                            Brennan Roofing, LLC
















                            Big Leaf Industries LLC
















                            Tip Top Roofing & Exteriors LLC
















                            Mile High Inspect, LLC
















                            Trees by Mr. B, LLC
















 











Sponsored by



 












View BBB Business Review


































