Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 8-K May. 22, 2017  7:00 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 22, 2017  7:00 AM|About: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)View as PDF

 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/22/2017 07:01:00) 













	UNITED
	STATES

	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	Washington, D.C. 20549




	 





	 





	FORM 8-K





	 





	 




	CURRENT REPORT




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
	THE



	SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 


	Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):

	May 22, 2017



	 



	 





	Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.



	(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
	Charter)


	 






	Nevada




	 




	001-37937




	 




	45-2952962







	(State or Other Jurisdiction


	of Incorporation)



	 



	(Commission File Number)



	 



	(IRS Employer


	Identification No.)





	 






	99 Hayden Avenue, Suite 230





	Lexington, Massachusetts




	 




	02421







	(Address of Principal Executive Offices)



	 



	(Zip Code)





	 



	(781) 778-7720




	(Registrant’s Telephone Number, including
	Area Code)


	 



	Not applicable



	(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
	Since Last Report)


	 



	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended
	to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (

	see

	General Instruction
	A.2. below):


	 


	[_]        Written
	communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


	 


	[_]        Soliciting
	material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


	 


	[_]        Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


	 


	[_]        Pre-commencement communications
	pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).


	Emerging growth company	

	ý



	 


	If an emerging growth company, indicate
	by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
	accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

	ý



	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	 



	 






	 



	 










	Item 7.01






	Regulation FD Disclosure.






	 


	On May 22, 2017, Xenetic Biosciences,
	Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release relating to a program update from partner Shire’s Phase 1/2
	clinical study evaluating SHP656, which utilizes the Company’s PolyXen platform technology. A copy of the press release
	is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.


	 


	The information in Item 7.01 of this Current
	Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed”
	for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject
	to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of
	1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.




	 











	Item 9.01




	Financial Statements and Exhibits.





	 


	(d) Exhibits.


	 


	 




	 



	Exhibit No.




	Description





	 


	 


	 






	99.1


	Press release issued by Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on May
	22, 2017.






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
	hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	 



	XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.





	 


	 




	Date: May 22, 2017


	By:


	/s/ M. Scott Maguire




	 


	 


	Name: M. Scott Maguire

	Title: Chief Executive Officer




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	2



	 







	 



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 







	EXHIBIT INDEX



	 


	 






	 



	Exhibit No.




	Description







	99.1


	Press release issued by Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on May
	22, 2017.




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	3



	 







	 










	Exhibit 99.1


	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 






	Xenetic
	Biosciences Receives Program Update from Partner Shire’s Phase 1/2 Study Evaluating SHP656 in Development as
	a Long-acting Treatment for Hemophilia A





	 




	- SHP656 program utilizes Xenetic's
	PolyXen™ platform technology to conjugate polysialic acid to therapeutic blood-clotting factors -


	 



	LEXINGTON,
	MA – (May

	22,

	2017)

	–

	Xenetic
	Biosciences, Inc. (

	NASDAQ: XBIO) (“Xenetic” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
	company focused on the discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics,
	announced today that it has received an update on the Phase 1/2 clinical study conducted by its partner Shire, evaluating SHP656
	(“PSA-recombinant Factor VIII”, “PSA-rFVIII”), which is being developed as a long-acting therapeutic for
	the treatment of hemophilia A utilizing Xenetic's PolyXen™ platform technology to conjugate polysialic acid to therapeutic
	blood-clotting factors. The Phase 1/2 study demonstrated SHP656’s efficacy and pharmacokinetic data commensurate with the
	profile of an extended half-life rFVIII product. Additionally, there were no drug-related adverse events, serious adverse events,
	or rFVIII inhibitors reported. However, in this study, a pre-defined once-weekly dosing criterion was not met. 


	 


	“Despite not achieving the principal
	objective of once-weekly dosing in this Phase 1/2 study, our PolyXen technology clearly works as a platform to successfully extend
	the circulating half-life of rFVIII with no drug-related serious adverse events,” stated M. Scott Maguire, Xenetic’s
	Chief Executive Officer.


	 


	“Including our own studies with a
	polysialylated erythropoietin (“PSA-EPO”, “ErepoXen®”) candidate, this is the second instance in which
	PolyXen has been demonstrated, in a human clinical trial setting, to confer extended half-life to a biotherapeutic, while maintaining
	pharmacological activity and a favorable safety and tolerability profile. Moving forward, we believe data from Shire’s
	SHP656 program continues to support the broad utility of our proprietary PolyXen technology platform, and we remain focused on
	building a growing pipeline of partnerships utilizing this proven platform. We truly value our continuing relationship with Shire
	and look forward to exploring other potential applications of PolyXen within the Shire portfolio,” added Mr. Maguire.


	 


	“While Shire is disappointed by this
	outcome, the company is encouraged by the knowledge gained through this research and remains committed to transforming the treatment
	landscape for patients with bleeding disorders.  Given the potential application of polysialic acid technology, the companies
	will explore future collaborations,” stated Philip Vickers, Ph.D, Global Head of Research &
	Development at Shire.



	 




	About PolyXen™



	 


	PolyXen™ is a patent-protected platform
	technology for creating proprietary, next-generation protein therapeutics by attaching polysialic acid (“PSA”), a biodegradable
	polymer found in living systems, to existing protein or peptide therapeutics, which can improve their pharmacological properties.


	 


	Attachment of PSA (“polysialylation”)
	to a therapeutic increases its apparent size, which reduces systemic clearance rates, while shielding the protein from other degradation
	pathways. The PolyXen platform permits optimization of a target therapeutic’s pharmacological properties, by controlling
	the amount, size, and sites of attachment of the PSA polymers.


	 


	In clinical and preclinical settings, therapeutic
	proteins polysialylated with the PolyXen™ platform have been shown to have extended circulating half-life, improved thermodynamic
	stability and resistance to proteases, while retaining pharmacological activity. Numerous human clinical trials to date have shown
	no evidence of PSA- induced immunogenicity.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	1



	 






	 



	 


	 



	About Xenetic
	Biosciences



	 


	Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage
	biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan
	oncology therapeutics. Xenetic's proprietary drug development platforms include PolyXen™, which enables next-generation biologic
	drugs by improving their half-life and other pharmacological properties. Xenetic's lead investigational product candidates include
	oncology therapeutic XBIO-101 (sodium cridanimod) for the treatment of progesterone resistant endometrial cancer (EC), and a polysialylated
	form of erythropoietin for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease.


	 


	Xenetic is party to an agreement with Baxalta
	US Inc. and Baxalta AB (wholly owned subsidiaries of Shire plc) covering the development of a novel series of polysialylated blood
	coagulation factors. This collaboration relies on Xenetic's PolyXen technology to conjugate polysialic acid (“PSA”)
	to therapeutic blood-clotting factors, with the goal of improving the pharmacokinetic profile and extending the active life of
	these biologic molecules. Shire is a significant stockholder of the Company, having invested $10 million in the Company during
	2014. The agreement is an exclusive research, development and license agreement which grants Shire a worldwide, exclusive, royalty-bearing
	license to Xenetic's PSA patented and proprietary technology in combination with Shire's proprietary molecules designed for the
	treatment of blood and bleeding disorders. Under the agreement, Xenetic may receive regulatory and sales target payments for total
	potential milestone receipts of up to $100 million and additional royalties on sales. The first program under this agreement was
	a next generation Factor VIII, and this program was terminated by Shire following a Phase 1/2 trial. Xenetic and Shire are currently
	exploring whether to engage in further development of other blood coagulation factors. Additionally, Xenetic has previously received
	strategic investments from OPKO Health (Nasdaq: OPK), Serum Institute of India Limited and Pharmsynthez.


	 


	Xenetic is also developing a broad pipeline
	of clinical candidates for next-generation biologics and novel oncology therapeutics in a number of orphan disease indications.
	For more information, please visit the company's website at www.xeneticbio.com and connect on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook
	and Google+.


	 



	Forward-Looking
	Statements



	 


	This press release
	contains "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
	1995 (PSLRA), which statements may be identified by words such as "expects," "plans," "projects,"
	"will," "may," "anticipates," "believes," "should," "intends," "estimates,"
	and other words of similar meaning, including statements regarding expected benefits of NGS cancer panels, the ability to accurately
	determine the heritable factors increasing the risk of cancer, permitting tailored treatment, screening and prevention of cancer
	in patients, as well as other non-historical statements about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our business, technologies
	and products, financial condition, strategies or prospects. Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ
	materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These factors include those described in
	our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as the risks inherent in funding, developing and obtaining regulatory
	approvals of new, commercially-viable and competitive products and treatments. In addition, forward-looking statements may also
	be adversely affected by general market factors, competitive product development, product availability, federal and state regulations
	and legislation, the regulatory process for new products and indications, manufacturing issues that may arise, patent positions
	and litigation, among other factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date the
	statements were made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. We intend that all forward-looking
	statements be subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA.


	 



	Contact:



	 


	Jenene Thomas Communications, LLC.


	Jenene Thomas


	(908) 938-1475


	jenene@jenenethomascommunications.com


	 


	Source: Xenetic
	Biosciences, Inc.


	  








	 



	2



	 






	 












Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


 


Contact :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 





Contact



We’d Love to Hear from You
Corporate Headquarters99 Hayden Ave., Ste. 230Lexington, MA 02421
Phone: 781-778-7720info@xeneticbio.com
Investor Relations
Jenene Thomas Communications, LLC. Jenene Thomas T: 908-996-0239 jtc@jenenethomascommunications.com
Business Development
bd@xeneticbio.com 





First Name



Last Name



Email



Comments:


Submit



 




Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 


Press Releases :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				News & Media			










Press Releases


All News
2017
2016
2015
2014




Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017
Jul 18, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Commences Patient Enrollment in Phase 2 Study Evaluating XBIO-101 in Conjunction with Progestin Therapy for the Treatment of Endometrial Cancer
Jun 26, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Receives Program Update from Partner Shire’s Phase 1/2 Study Evaluating SHP656 in Development as a Long-acting Treatment for Hemophilia A
May 22, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Provides Business Update
May 16, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences to Host 2017 First Quarter Update Conference Call
May 9, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Presents Case Study of PolyXen™ Platform Technology at the 13th Annual Protein Engineering Summit (PEGS) Boston
May 1, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences’ PolyXen™ Platform Technology Accepted for Poster Presentation at the 13th Annual Protein Engineering Summit (PEGS) Boston
Apr 20, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Expands Executive Management Team with Appointment of James F. Parslow, MBA, CPA as Chief Financial Officer
Apr 4, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences Reports 2016 Year End Financial Results and Provides Business Update
Apr 3, 2017 





Xenetic Biosciences to Ring Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell on March 30, 2017
Mar 29, 2017 



1
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6
Next »  





Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 


Multimedia :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				News & Media			










Multimedia










                            NASDAQ Opening Bell Video                        


                        Play Video 












                            PolyXen                        


                        Play Video 












                            ImuXen                        


                        Play Video 











Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 


Technology :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				Technology			










Technology

We incorporate our patented and proprietary technologies into a number of drug candidates currently under development either in-house or with biotechnology and pharmaceutical collaborators in order to create what we believe will be the next-generation of biologic drugs and therapeutics. While we primarily focus on researching and developing orphan oncology drugs, we also have significant ownership or other economic interests in drugs being developed by our collaborators.
PolyXen™
PolyXen is a patent-protected platform technology for creating proprietary, next-generation protein therapeutics by attaching polysialic acid (PSA), a biodegradable polymer found in living systems, to existing protein or peptide therapeutics, which can improve their pharmacological properties.
Attachment of PSA (polysialylation) to a therapeutic increases its apparent size, which reduces systemic clearance rates, while shielding the protein from other degradation pathways. The PolyXen platform permits optimization of a target therapeutic's pharmacological properties, by controlling the amount, size, and sites of attachment of the PSA polymers.
In clinical and preclinical settings, therapeutic proteins polysialylated with the PolyXen platform have been shown to have extended circulating half-life, improved thermodynamic stability and resistance to proteases, while retaining pharmacological activity. Numerous human clinical trials to date have shown no evidence of PSA- induced immunogenicity.
XBIO-101 (sodium cridanimod)
XBIO-101 is a small-molecule immunomodulator and interferon inducer which, in preliminary studies, has been shown to increase progesterone receptor (PrR) expression in endometrial tissue. Restoration of PrR expression may re-sensitize endometrial tumor tissue to progestin therapy in previously unresponsive tumors.
XBIO-101 is currently being studied in an ongoing Phase 2 multi-national study enrolling 58 subjects with documented evidence of progesterone receptor negative (PrR-negative) endometrial cancer as determined by tumor biopsy. This study is being conducted in conjunction with Pharmsynthez PJSC (St. Petersburg Russia) and its subsidiary AS Kevelt (Tallinn, Estonia). 




Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 


Scientific Advisory Board :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				About			










Scientific Advisory Board






Professor Gregory Gregoriadis, Ph.D., D.Sc.


Professor Gregory Gregoriadis previously served as Xenetic's Chief Scientific Officer. In 1997, Professor Gregoriadis founded Xenetic (then known as Lipoxen) as a spin out from The School of Pharmacy, University of London, where he was Head of the Centre for Drug Delivery Research. Prior to this, he was Head of the Liposomal Therapeutics Group at the Medical Research Council and has served as President of the International Liposome Society since 2003. He is an internationally acclaimed expert in drug and vaccine delivery. In 1971, he was the first to introduce liposomes as vehicles for drug and vaccine delivery and in 1991, he introduced the use of polysialic acid as a means to improve the pharmacological action of peptide and protein drugs. He has published nearly 400 research papers, reviews and articles, as well as 27 volumes on drug delivery and targeting and in 2015, he published a semi-autobiographical book, "Still the Cicadas Sing."
Professor Gregoriadis’ achievements have been honored with the “Controlled Release Society Founders Award” (1994), the “A.D. Bangham FRS Life Achievement Award” (1995), election as a “Fellow of the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists” (1998), a D.Sc. from the University of London (2001) and “The Journal of Drug Targeting Life Achievement Award” (2008), all for exceptional contributions to the field of drug and vaccine delivery.
Professor Gregoriadis’ seminal contributions to the field of drug and vaccine delivery are also reflected in his founding in 1978 of the on-going Gordon Research Conference series 'Drug Carriers in Medicine and Biology', his directorships of the NATO Advanced Studies Institute's 'Targeting of Drugs and Vaccines' from 1981 until 1999, his Chairmanship of the 'Liposome Advances' conference series from 1990 - 2006, and his position as Emeritus Professor at the University of London. 





Roger Kornberg, Ph.D.
Nobel Prize Laureate in Chemistry - Studies of the Molecular Basis of Eukaryotic TranscriptionNon-Executive Director


Dr. Kornberg was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company in February 2016. Dr. Kornberg is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the Winzer Professor of Medicine in the Department of Structural Biology at Stanford University. He earned his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph.D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972. He became a postdoctoral fellow at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England and then an assistant professor of biological chemistry at Harvard Medical School in 1976, before moving to his present position as professor of structural biology at Stanford Medical School in 1978. In 2006, Dr. Kornberg was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in recognition for his studies of the molecular basis of Eukaryotic Transcription, the process by which DNA is copied to RNA. Dr. Kornberg is also the recipient of several awards, including the 2001 Welch Prize, the highest award granted in the field of chemistry in the United States, and the 2002 Leopald Mayer Prize, the highest award granted in the field of biomedical sciences from the French Academy of Sciences. 





Dmitry Genkin 


Dr. Genkin joined Xenetic as a non-executive Director in 2000. He has the Russian equivalent of an MD in Internal Therapy and studied drug delivery under Professor Gregoriadis at The School of Pharmacy, University of London in 1992 and the Department of Clinical Pharmacology at Karolinska Hospital, Stockholm from 1992 until 1993. Since 1993, Dr. Genkin has headed a number of Russia's largest pharmaceutical companies including Pharmavit, which had 27% of the Russian pharmaceutical market. In 1998, he was awarded the silver medal by the Russian Natural Science Academy. Dr. Genkin is currently a partner and director of FDS Pharma and Chairman of Pharmsynthez, which is listed on the Moscow stock exchange. 





Subash Kapre, Ph.D.


In 1969, Dr. Kapre joined Serum Institute of India ("Serum"). Dr. Kapre has devoted his professional lifetime to the increasing success of Serum, culminating in his appointment in 1992 as Executive Director. He has had full-time, hands-on experience in every aspect of development, manufacturing, marketing and business development and has been a key driver in building Serum from a small-scale, domestic vaccine producer into India's largest biotech business and one of the world's largest vaccine manufacturers. Dr. Kapre was honored by Serum as Director Emeritus upon his retirement.
Dr. Kapre has been in the forefront in the development of polysialylic acid (PSA), the core technology lying at the heart of PolyXen. Similarly, he had key responsibilities for the clinical development of ErepoXen, the long-acting polysialylated erythropoietin product jointly being developed by Xenetic and Serum, currently in Phase 2 clinical trials in India.
Dr. Kapre has served on several Boards in the U.S., holding positions in two publicly-traded companies. He is active in establishing collaborative research as well as projects involving global agencies. He is recognized by several Indian government departments and banks as a skilled consultant on scientific issues and holds numerous international memberships.
Dr. Kapre has been a prolific contributor to companies and organizations across the globe and has delivered many lectures at globally recognized symposia on the multiple areas of scientific interest and activity in which he is expert.
Dr. Kapre holds a M.Sc. in Biochemistry and a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Pune University. 





Alexander Gabibov, D.Sc.


Since 1997, Dr. Alexander Gabibov has been Head of the Laboratory of Biocatalysis at the Shemyakin & Ovchinnikov Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry at the RAS, and in 2000 he became Professor of Cell Biology at the Moscow State University. In 2003, Dr. Gabibov was named an Associate of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and in 2008 was appointed President of the Russian Biochemical and Molecular Biology Society.
In 2009, Dr. Gabibov took on the role of Foreign Correspondent at the National Academy of Pharmacy in France. In 2012, he was nominated as Head of Department of Industrial Pharmacology at the Lomonosov Moscow State University. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Gabibov has been a prolific contributor to the global scientific community as both a frequent contributor to learned journals as well - and especially in the last six years - as a much sought-after speaker on the international conference circuit.
Dr. Gabibov graduated from Moscow State University in 1977, where he studied Chemical Enzymology. He currently holds several senior positions in the Biochemistry sphere in both Russia and France. 





Henry Hoppe IV, Ph.D.
VP of Drug Development


Henry Hoppe IV, Ph.D. joined Xenetic in April of 2012 as Vice President of Drug Development. He is a biotechnology process development executive with more than 20 years of experience in recombinant protein, monoclonal antibody and stem cell expression for clinical therapies. Dr. Hoppe has written and reviewed IND/NDA CMC sections for numerous recombinant protein and gene therapy programs, including those for Cerezyme®, Fabrazyme®, Myozyme® and Thyrogen®, four currently marketed products coming out of Genzyme Corporation. He has experience with all aspects of therapeutic development from the bench through Phase 2 clinical trials including managing Clinical Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs) in both the United States and Europe.
Between 1980 and 1984, He held positions at the Harvard Medical School and the University Hospital of Boston.
From 1984 to 2001, Dr. Hoppe worked for Genzyme Corporation focusing on therapies for rare genetic diseases. He was subsequently appointed Vice President of Therapeutic Development for ViaCell Inc. where he delivered stem cells to clinical trials and designed Phase 2 manufacturing processes. In 2004, Dr. Hoppe founded his own consultancy business, BioDevelopment Consulting, to provide expertise in advancing therapies from research into Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials.
Dr. Hoppe has Inventor status on four US granted patents addressing oncology, anaemia and cystic fibrosis diseases. He has authored numerous articles in noted scientific journals and has been the keynote speaker at a number of leading industry conferences. Dr. Hoppe holds a Ph.D. in Genetic Toxicology from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 



 




Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 


Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























 












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 








Trivia
      1 in 8women    



                About 1 in 8 U.S. women will develop invasive breast cancer over the course of her lifetime.            


About 1 in 8 U.S. women will develop invasive #breastcancer over the course of her lifetime. https://t.co/Zsav9PHerB @Breastcancerorg
— Xenetic Biosciences (@XeneticBio) October 7, 2016
 


 



Enhancing Lives with Transformative Therapies
Xenetic Biosciences is clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics.

More About Us












Combatting Disease Through Innovative Therapies
Product Pipeline












Transformative Technologies
Our proprietary and patented technologies are being utilized to create life-changing therapies. Our Novel Technologies











Strong Partnerships Lead to Revolutionary Results
We actively pursue partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to co-develop new product candidates and more. Partnerships










Latest News

Jul 18, 2017
Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017


Jun 26, 2017
Xenetic Biosciences Commences Patient Enrollment in Phase 2 Study Evaluating XBIO-101 in Conjunction with Progestin Therapy for the Treatment of Endometrial Cancer

Recent Event

Jul 18, 2017 • 8:00am EDT



Tweets
@XeneticBio








Stock Information • View Detailed Stock Information




NASDAQ: XBIO
Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.





Price




 
Change







Volume





Day Range





52 Week Range









Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today







 
 


Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























 












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 








Trivia
      37.2Trillion    



There are 37.2 Trillion Cells in Your Body 


Do you know the importance of the number 37.2 trillion? Test your knowledge w/ this week's trivia question: https://t.co/cNsKvjXTIL
— Xenetic Biosciences (@XeneticBio) June 29, 2016
 


 



Enhancing Lives with Transformative Therapies
Xenetic Biosciences is clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics.

More About Us












Combatting Disease Through Innovative Therapies
Product Pipeline












Transformative Technologies
Our proprietary and patented technologies are being utilized to create life-changing therapies. Our Novel Technologies











Strong Partnerships Lead to Revolutionary Results
We actively pursue partnerships with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to co-develop new product candidates and more. Partnerships










Latest News

Jul 18, 2017
Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017


Jun 26, 2017
Xenetic Biosciences Commences Patient Enrollment in Phase 2 Study Evaluating XBIO-101 in Conjunction with Progestin Therapy for the Treatment of Endometrial Cancer

Recent Event

Jul 18, 2017 • 8:00am EDT



Tweets
@XeneticBio








Stock Information • View Detailed Stock Information




NASDAQ: XBIO
Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.





Price




 
Change







Volume





Day Range





52 Week Range









Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today







 
 


About :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				About			










About

Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics. Xenetic's proprietary drug development platforms include PolyXen™, which enables next generation biologic drugs by improving their half-life and other pharmacological properties. Xenetic's lead investigational product candidates include FDA orphan designated oncology therapeutic XBIO-101 (sodium cridanimod) for the treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer, and a polysialylated form of erythropoietin for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease.
Business Model Expected to Drive Significant Value

Xenetic is also working together with Shire plc (formerly Baxalta, Baxter Incorporated and Baxter Healthcare) to develop a novel series of polysialylated blood coagulation factors, including a next generation recombinant Factor VIII. This collaboration relies on Xenetic's PolyXen technology to conjugate polysialic acid ("PSA") to therapeutic blood-clotting factors, with the goal of improving the pharmacokinetic profile and extending the active life of these biologic molecules. Shire is one of the Company's largest shareholders having invested $10 million in the common stock of the Company during 2014. The agreement is an exclusive research, development and license agreement which grants Shire a worldwide, exclusive, royalty-bearing license to Xenetic's PSA patented and proprietary technology in combination with Shire's proprietary molecules designed for the treatment of blood and bleeding disorders. Under the agreement, Xenetic may receive regulatory and sales target payments for total potential milestone receipts of up to $100 million plus royalties on sales.
Xenetic is also developing a broad pipeline of clinical candidates for next generation biologics and novel oncology therapeutics in a number of orphan disease indications.
Aside from partnering with Shire, Xenetic has attracted significant funding and prominent investors from other leading global healthcare companies, including:

OPKO Health (NYSE:OPK)
Serum Institute of India Limited (India's largest biotechnology company)
PJSC Pharmsynthez (MCX:LIFE)

Backed by an Experienced Team
Our leadership teams are dedicated to enhancing drugs and improving lives.
Meet our Management Team
Meet our Board of Directors
Meet our Scientific Advisory Board 




Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










 



Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017 | Business Wire


























































Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of 
      Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017






July 18, 2017 04:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time



LEXINGTON, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Xenetic 
      Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: XBIO) (“Xenetic” or the “Company”), a 
      clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, 
      research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel 
      orphan oncology therapeutics, today announced that its 2017 Annual 
      Meeting of Stockholders ("Annual Meeting"), scheduled for Tuesday, July 
      18, 2017, was convened and adjourned, without any business being 
      conducted, due to lack of the requisite quorum. The Annual Meeting has 
      been adjourned to 12:00 PM local time on Wednesday, August 16, 2017 at 
      the offices of Marcum LLP, 53 State Street, 17th Floor, Boston, 
      Massachusetts 02109, to allow additional time for stockholders to vote 
      on the proposals set forth in Xenetic's definitive proxy statement on 
      Schedule 14A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 
      22, 2017.
    

      The record date for the Annual Meeting remains May 23, 2017. 
      Stockholders who have previously submitted their proxy or otherwise 
      voted and who do not want to change their vote need not take any action. 
      Company stockholders as of the May 23, 2017 record date can vote, even 
      if they have subsequently sold their shares. The Company’s board of 
      directors and management respectfully request all such holders as of the 
      record date to please vote your proxies as soon as possible.
    

      No changes have been made in the proposals to be voted on by 
      stockholders at the Annual Meeting. The Company strongly advises all of 
      its stockholders to read the proxy statement and other proxy materials 
      relating to the Annual Meeting because they contain important 
      information. Such proxy materials are available at no charge on the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission's website at www.sec.gov. 
      In addition, copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents may be 
      obtained free of charge by accessing the Company’s website at www.xeneticbio.com 
      or by contacting the Company’s Corporate Secretary at 781-778-7720 or by 
      mail to Corporate Secretary, Xenetic Biosciences, Inc., 99 Hayden Ave., 
      Ste. 230, Lexington, MA 02421.
    

About Xenetic Biosciences


      Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company 
      focused on the discovery, research and development of next-generation 
      biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics. Xenetic's 
      proprietary drug development platforms include PolyXen™, which enables 
      next-generation biologic drugs by improving their half-life and other 
      pharmacological properties. Xenetic's lead investigational product 
      candidates include oncology therapeutic XBIO-101 (sodium cridanimod) for 
      the treatment of progesterone resistant endometrial cancer (“EC”), and a 
      polysialylated form of erythropoietin for the treatment of anemia in 
      pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease.
    

      Xenetic is party to an agreement with Baxalta US Inc. and Baxalta AB 
      (wholly owned subsidiaries of Shire plc) covering the development of a 
      novel series of polysialylated blood coagulation factors. This 
      collaboration relies on Xenetic's PolyXen technology to conjugate 
      polysialic acid (“PSA”) to therapeutic blood-clotting factors, with the 
      goal of improving the pharmacokinetic profile and extending the active 
      life of these biologic molecules. Shire is a significant stockholder of 
      the Company, having invested $10 million in the Company during 2014. The 
      agreement is an exclusive research, development and license agreement 
      which grants Shire a worldwide, exclusive, royalty-bearing license to 
      Xenetic's PSA patented and proprietary technology in combination with 
      Shire's proprietary molecules designed for the treatment of blood and 
      bleeding disorders. Under the agreement, Xenetic may receive regulatory 
      and sales target payments for total potential milestone receipts of up 
      to $100 million and additional royalties on sales. The first program 
      under this agreement was a next generation Factor VIII, and this program 
      was terminated by Shire following a Phase 1/2 trial. Xenetic and Shire 
      are currently exploring whether to engage in further development of 
      other blood coagulation factors. Additionally, Xenetic has previously 
      received strategic investments from OPKO Health (Nasdaq: OPK), Serum 
      Institute of India Limited and Pharmsynthez.
    

      Xenetic is also developing a broad pipeline of clinical candidates for 
      next-generation biologics and novel oncology therapeutics in a number of 
      orphan disease indications. For more information, please visit the 
      Company's website at www.xeneticbio.com 
      and connect on Twitter, 
      LinkedIn, 
      Facebook 
      and Google+.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains "forward-looking statements," as that term 
      is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
      (PSLRA), which statements may be identified by words such as "expects," 
      "plans," "projects," "will," "may," "anticipates," "believes," "should," 
      "intends," "estimates," and other words of similar meaning, including 
      statements regarding expected benefits of NGS cancer panels, the ability 
      to accurately determine the heritable factors increasing the risk of 
      cancer, permitting tailored treatment, screening and prevention of 
      cancer in patients, as well as other non-historical statements about our 
      expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our business, technologies 
      and products, financial condition, strategies or prospects. Many factors 
      could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from 
      the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. 
      These factors include those described in our filings with the Securities 
      and Exchange Commission, as well as the risks inherent in funding, 
      developing and obtaining regulatory approvals of new, 
      commercially-viable and competitive products and treatments. In 
      addition, forward-looking statements may also be adversely affected by 
      general market factors, competitive product development, product 
      availability, federal and state regulations and legislation, the 
      regulatory process for new products and indications, manufacturing 
      issues that may arise, patent positions and litigation, among other 
      factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release 
      speak only as of the date the statements were made, and we do not 
      undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. We intend 
      that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor 
      provisions of the PSLRA.
    




Contacts

      Jenene Thomas Communications, LLC.Jenene Thomas, 908-938-1475jenene@jenenethomascommunications.com













Contacts

      Jenene Thomas Communications, LLC.Jenene Thomas, 908-938-1475jenene@jenenethomascommunications.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up













Xenetic Biosciences Inc (XBIO.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Xenetic Biosciences Inc (XBIO.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				XBIO.O on Consolidated Issue listed on NASDAQ Capital Market


				3.00USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$3.00


Open

$2.97




Day's High

$3.01


Day's Low

$2.97




Volume

2,788


Avg. Vol

17,373




52-wk High

$5.90


52-wk Low

$2.21












					Full Description



Xenetic Biosciences, Inc., incorporated on August 9, 2011, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the research and development of certain pharmaceutical products for use in humans that includes the use of the Company's platform technologies that enables the creation of drug therapies primarily for orphan indications. The Company's technologies include PolyXen, Virexxa, OncoHist and ImuXen. The Company is focused primarily on developing its lead product candidates, including ErepoXen, Virexxa and OncoHist, and PolyXen technology. The Company's lead product candidate ErepoXen, a polysialylated form of erythropoietin (EPO) for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease, and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) orphan designated oncology therapeutics Virexxa and OncoHist for the treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer and refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, respectively. It is also developing PSA-FVIII.ErepoXenErepoXen is a polysialylated form of erythropoietin (EPO), a hormone produced by the kidneys to maintain red blood cell production and prevent anaemia. Chronic renal failure or chemotherapy can cause anaemia. ErepoXen is a polysialylated form of EPO designed to reduce the required frequency of dosage, side effects and to be less immunogenic than existing treatments. Clinical results of ErepoXen suggest that the drug candidate can be administered once a month. ErepoXen is in Phase II/III clinical development in collaboration with the Serum Institute of India and SynBio, Russia.PSA-FVIII: Baxalta BAX 826The Company's PSA-recombinant BAX 826 or Factor VIII has been developed as a long acting therapeutic to treat hemophilia. BAX 826 uses the PolyXen platform technology to conjugate PSA to therapeutic blood-clotting factors, with the goal of improving the pharmacokinetic profile and extending the active life of these biologic molecules. Baxalta is running this program, which is in the clinical trials.PolyXenPolyXen is a platform technology based on the concept of polysialylation. Polysialic Acid (PSA) is a polymer chain composed of sialic acids linked together. Sialic acid is found on the external membrane of a number of cell types in the body. In addition, it is a natural component expressed on the external membrane on a number of bacterial types. The chain of sialic acid molecules can be anywhere from four to 200 individual sialic acid molecules in length. The Company uses the linear form of PSA called colominic acid. It is a natural, hydrophilic polymer isolated from a bacterial strain of Escherichia coli K1. This natural glycan is negatively charged, non-toxic and is biodegradable. The PSA chain is purified from large-scale bacterial cultures under Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) conditions, modified to specified sizes and then attached to defined sites on the therapeutic. Both the site of attachment and the length of the PSA chain can enhance the properties of the therapeutic.VirexxaVirexxa, sodium cridanimod, belongs to a class of low-molecular weight synthetic interferon inducers. In addition to its immunomodulatory properties, Virexxa has been shown to increase levels of progesterone receptor expression in tumor tissue of patients who are progesterone receptor deficient, and thus may restore sensitivity of non-responsive endometrial cancers to hormonal therapy. Based on preclinical observations, Virexxa may also be therapeutically relevant in other hormone-resistant cancers, such as triple-negative breast cancer. Virexxa has been granted an Orphan Drug Designation by the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) for use in conjunction with medroxyprogesterone in progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer.OncoHistOncoHist is a therapeutic platform that utilizes the properties of the human histone H1.3 (H1.3) for the development of drug candidates for the treatment of a range of cancer indications. OncoHist is based on a molecule occurring naturally in the human body, in the cell nucleus, and is therefore expected to be less toxic and immunogenic than other oncology therapies. The mechanism of action involves the binding of OncoHist to the cell membrane, which is different than that of other therapeutic agents on the market for hematopoietic cancers.ImuXenImuXen is a platform technology based on the concept of simultaneous delivery of multiple active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) as antigens with the same liposome. The liposomes consist of lipids that encapsulate an aqueous core. The APIs can be trapped in the core, be associated with the lipids, or both. The proteins, peptides, nucleic acids, polysaccharides and live or inactivated infectious agents can all be used as an API with the same liposome. Both the size and the lipid composition can be controlled which affects the biological properties of the liposome. Manufacturing involves the passive entrapment of the vaccine APIs by freeze drying commercially available liposomes with the antigens of interest. A Phase I/II clinical trial to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS) is in progress by Synbio in the Russian Federation. Peptides corresponding to antigenic sections of basic myelin protein are encapsulated within liposomes to be used as the therapeutic agent (MyeloXen).The Company competes with Amgen Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Nektar Therapeutics.

» Full Overview of XBIO.O







					Company Address



Xenetic Biosciences Inc
99 Hayden Ave Ste 230LEXINGTON   MA   02421-7998
P: +1781.7787720







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Maguire

609,101




							 James Parslow

--




							 Jeffrey Eisenberg

--




							 Curtis Lockshin

--




							 Colin Hill

283,509




» More Officers & Directors





					Xenetic Biosciences Inc News




BRIEF-Xenetic Biosciences commences patient enrollment in phase 2 study evaluating XBIO-101 in conjunction with Progestin therapy for the treatment of endometrial cancer

Jun 26 2017 
BRIEF-Xenetic Biosciences reports Q1 loss per share $0.34

May 16 2017 
BRIEF-Xenetic Biosciences names new CFO

Apr 04 2017 

» More XBIO.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research

































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


 

Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events     SEC Filings  Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events  ByME Staff 8-k -July 18, 2017 0  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other EventsItem 8.01 Other Events  About Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the research and development of certain pharmaceutical products for use in humans that includes the use of the Company’s platform technologies that enables the creation of drug therapies primarily for orphan indications. The Company’s technologies include PolyXen, Virexxa, OncoHist and ImuXen. The Company is focused primarily on developing its lead product candidates, including ErepoXen, Virexxa and OncoHist, and PolyXen technology. The Company’s lead product candidate ErepoXen, a polysialylated form of erythropoietin (EPO) for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease, and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) orphan designated oncology therapeutics Virexxa and OncoHist for the treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer and refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, respectively. It is also developing PSA-FVIII.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP, INC. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, LTD. (OTCMKTS:MCAR) Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant    New Media Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:NEWM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    KLONDEX MINES LTD. (TSE:KDX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    ICTV BRANDS INC. (OTCMKTS:ICTV) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Insider Trading Activity Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) – Director Sold 2,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) – Director Sold 30,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity National Instruments Corporation (NASDAQ:NATI) – Director Sold 7,500 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nabriva Therapeutics AG (NASDAQ:NBRV) – Ca (Major Shareholder Sold 69,854 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37819LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1252Biotech Stocks1171Stock Market News1117Small Caps712Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  XBIO:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Xenetic Biosciences Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Xenetic Biosciences Inc   XBIO:US   NASDAQ CM        3.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   2.97    Day Range   2.97 - 3.01    Volume   2,788    Previous Close   3.00    52Wk Range   2.21 - 5.90    1 Yr Return   -32.58%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2.97    Day Range   2.97 - 3.01    Volume   2,788    Previous Close   3.00    52Wk Range   2.21 - 5.90    1 Yr Return   -32.58%    YTD Return   -30.23%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -6.21    Market Cap (m USD)   26.153    Shares Outstanding  (m)   8.718    Price/Sales (TTM)   8.21    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.50%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change +0.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/18/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017     7/4/2017   Multiple Sclerosis Drugs and Therapeutic Pipeline Review H1 2017 Research Available at RnR Market Research     6/30/2017   Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Pipeline H1 2017 Research Report Available at RnR Market Research     6/26/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Commences Patient Enrollment in Phase 2 Study Evaluating XBIO-101 in Conjunction with Progestin Therapy for     5/22/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Receives Program Update from Partner Shire’s Phase 1/2 Study Evaluating SHP656 in Development as a Long     5/16/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Provides Business Update     5/9/2017   Xenetic Biosciences to Host 2017 First Quarter Update Conference Call     5/1/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Presents Case Study of PolyXen™ Platform Technology at the 13th Annual Protein Engineering Summit (PEGS)     4/20/2017   Xenetic Biosciences’ PolyXen™ Platform Technology Accepted for Poster Presentation at the 13th Annual Protein Engineering     4/4/2017   Xenetic Biosciences Expands Executive Management Team with Appointment of James F. Parslow, MBA, CPA as Chief Financial Officer    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Xenetic Biosciences Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company. The Company develops and provides pharmaceutical drugs, cancer therapies and vaccines.    Address  99 Hayden AvenueSuite 230Lexington, MA 02421United States   Phone  1-781-778-7722   Website   www.xeneticbio.com     Executives Board Members    Michael Scott Maguire  President/CEO    James F Parslow  CFO/Secretary    Jeffrey F Eisenberg  Chief Operating Officer    Curtis A Lockshin  Chief Scientific Officer      Henry Hoppe IV   VP:Drug Development     Show More         



    XBIO Key Statistics - Xenetic Biosciences Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Xenetic Biosciences Inc.

                  NASDAQ: XBIO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Xenetic Biosciences Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 3:56 p.m.


XBIO

/quotes/zigman/79907009/composite


$
3.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 2,788
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/79907009/composite
Previous close

$
			3.00
		


$
				3.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$2.97
$3.01










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.21
        

            $5.90
        

















			Company Description 


			Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that is focused on the research and development of certain pharmaceutical products. Its proprietary drug technology platforms include PolyXen for the development of next generation biologic drugs that extend the efficacy, safety...
		


                Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that is focused on the research and development of certain pharmaceutical products. Its proprietary drug technology platforms include PolyXen for the development of next generation biologic drugs that extend the efficacy, safety and half-life of biologic drugs and OncoHist for the development of novel oncology drugs focused on orphan indications. The company was founded on August 9, 2011 and is headquartered in Lexington, MA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-0.39


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-0.45


Price to Sales Ratio
10.65


Price to Book Ratio
2.24


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-3.04


Enterprise Value to Sales
8.00

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
428,571.00


Income Per Employee
-7,743,729.00


Receivables Turnover
2.00


Total Asset Turnover
0.16

Liquidity

Current Ratio
4.47


Quick Ratio
4.47


Cash Ratio
2.21



Profitability

Gross Margin
98.79


Operating Margin
-264.35


Pretax Margin
-1,806.87


Net Margin
-1,806.87


Return on Assets
-286.18


Return on Equity
-475.95


Return on Total Capital
-404.13


Return on Invested Capital
-475.95

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Michael Scott Maguire 
-
2014
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Jeffrey F. Eisenberg 
50
2016
Chief Operating Officer & Director



Mr. James F. Parslow 
52
2017
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer



Dr. Curtis A. Lockshin 
56
2014
Chief Scientific Officer



Dr. Edward J. Benz 
-
2016
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/xbio

      MarketWatch News on XBIO
    
No News currently available for XBIO





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/xbio

      Other News on XBIO
    





Xenetic Biosciences Hits A Bit Of A Snag, But Still Highly Promising

11:30 a.m. June 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Shire's long-acting hemophilia A candidate SHP656 fails to demonstrate treatment effect with once-weekly dosing, a setback for platform technology provider Xenetic Biosciences

7:59 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Xenetic Biosciences' (XBIO) CEO Scott Maguire on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

10:57 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Xenetic Biosciences' (XBIO) CEO Scott Maguire on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

11:42 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.
5:11 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – IMGN ONS SPCB BIOA

12:45 p.m. Jan. 2, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – MBRX ZYNE SID ONVO

11:45 a.m. Dec. 27, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – VCEL AUPH ONVO CC

12:00 p.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – HTBX CXRX AGLE ACH

11:30 a.m. Nov. 25, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com




 10-Q: XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.
6:45 p.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – OSIR IMDZ TRVN AUPH

5:00 p.m. Nov. 10, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Xenetic's IND to Start Phase II Virexxa Study Accepted in U.S.

7:51 a.m. Aug. 22, 2016
 - Zacks.com




 10-Q: XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.
5:03 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Baxalta commences early-stage study of second long-acting Factor VIII for hemophilia A

8:08 a.m. March 4, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





OPKO Health establishes minority stake in Xenetic Bio

10:46 a.m. Feb. 12, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.
99 Hayden Avenue
Suite 230

Lexington, Massachusetts 02421




Phone
1 7817787720


Industry
Biotechnology


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$3.00M


Net Income
$-54.21M


Employees

        7.00


Annual Report for XBIO











/news/pressrelease/company/us/xbio

      Press Releases on XBIO
    




 Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of 
      Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017
4:05 p.m. July 18, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Commences Patient Enrollment in Phase 2 Study 
      Evaluating XBIO-101 in Conjunction with Progestin Therapy for the 
      Treatment of Endometrial Cancer
8:35 a.m. June 26, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Receives Program Update from Partner Shire’s 
      Phase 1/2 Study Evaluating SHP656 in Development as a Long-acting 
      Treatment for Hemophilia A
7:00 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and 
      Provides Business Update
7:00 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences to Host 2017 First Quarter Update Conference Call
8:35 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Presents Case Study of PolyXen™ Platform 
      Technology at the 13th Annual Protein 
      Engineering Summit (PEGS) Boston
8:30 a.m. May 1, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences’ PolyXen™ Platform Technology Accepted for Poster 
      Presentation at the 13th Annual Protein 
      Engineering Summit (PEGS) Boston
7:35 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Expands Executive Management Team with 
      Appointment of James F. Parslow, MBA, CPA as Chief Financial Officer
7:05 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Reports 2016 Year End Financial Results and 
      Provides Business Update
7:35 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Prana Biotechnology and Xenetic Biosciences Expand Their Product Promotion
9:34 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: XBIO) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell
10:56 a.m. March 29, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Xenetic Biosciences to Ring Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell on March 
      30, 2017
7:35 a.m. March 29, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Provides Update on Patent Portfolio Development
8:05 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences to Present at the 29th 
      Annual ROTH Conference
9:00 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Receives $3 Million Milestone Payment from Shire 
      plc for PSA-Recombinant SHP656 in Development for Long-Acting Treatment 
      for Hemophilia
8:05 a.m. Jan. 6, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Appoints Curtis A. Lockshin, Ph.D. as Chief 
      Scientific Officer
8:35 a.m. Jan. 4, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences to Present at Biotech Showcase 2017
8:35 a.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences Expands Management Team with Key Appointment of 
      Jeffrey F. Eisenberg as Chief Operating Officer
10:37 a.m. Dec. 5, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences to Present at the LD Micro 2016 Annual Conference
8:35 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenetic Biosciences to Host Quarterly Update Conference Call and 
      Webcast
8:05 a.m. Nov. 23, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:00 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Prana Biotechnology and Xenetic Biosciences Expand Their Product PromotionHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballPrana Biotechnology and Xenetic Biosciences Expand Their Product PromotionAccesswireMarch 31, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 31, 2017 / Prana Biotechnology and Xenetic Biosciences both saw their company's stock prices soar on news of a broader, more global product distribution. Prana is continuing to expand its presentation of PBT-434, while Xenetic is moving ahead with its strategic planning goals to make its product technology available to a larger geographical area.RDI Initiates Coverage:Prana Biotechnology Limited https://ub.rdinvesting.com/news/?ticker=PRANXenetic Biosciences Inc. https://ub.rdinvesting.com/news/?ticker=XBIOPrana Biotechnology advanced 37.65% to close at $3.40 on Thursday. The stock traded in a wide range between $4.58 and $2.75 during the day on a volume of 11.95 million shares traded. The company has presented new data from its Reach2HD trial at the American Neurological Association Annual Meeting held in Baltimore. Its primary candidate drug, PBT-434, demonstrated pre-clinical evidence that the drug will help with the treatment of movement disorders of patients with Parkinson's Disease.Prana Biotechnology, an Australian company, for the half-year period ending December 31, 2016, reported total operating expenses of $6.05 million AUD, a pre-tax income of $3.65 million AUD, and a loss of $0.68 AUD per share.Access RDI's Prana Biotechnology Research Report at:  https://ub.rdinvesting.com/news/?ticker=PRANXenetic Biosciences accelerated to advance 44.30% to close at $5.44 on Thursday. The stock traded between $5.61 and $3.87 on volume of 180,793 shares traded. Xenetic has been aggressively promoting its products internationally, and the rise in price is due in part to it becoming a member of the NASDAQ community on March 30th. The company has been expanding its patent portfolio to a number of countries, including Europe and the United States. Currently, their major marketable product is PolyXen technology platform. The product's IP on its PolyXen technology platform will afford protection on average for the next 10 to 12 years.The latest financial report with period ending September 30, 2016, showed the company posting $2.25 million in operating expenses, a net loss of $2.47 million, and net loss per share of $0.28 and it had about $212,000 of cash assets on its books as on September 30th.Access RDI's Xenetic Biosciences Research Report at:  https://ub.rdinvesting.com/news/?ticker=XBIOOur Actionable Research on Prana Biotechnology Limited (NASDAQ: PRAN) and Xenetic Biosciences Inc. (NASDAQ: XBIO) can be downloaded free of charge at Research Driven Investing.Research Driven InvestingWe are committed to providing relevant and actionable information for the self-directed investor. Our research is reputed for being a leader in trusted, in-depth analysis vital for informed strategic trading decisions. The nimble investor can leverage our analysis and collective expertise to execute a disciplined approach to stock selection.RDInvesting has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.Disclaimer: This article is written by an independent contributor of RDInvesting.com and reviewed by Nadia Noorani, CFA® charter holder. RDInvesting.com is neither a registered broker dealer nor a registered investment advisor. For more information please read our full disclaimer at www.rdinvesting.com/disclaimer.CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly at:Address:Research Driven Investing, Unit #901 511 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10011Email:contact@rdinvesting.comCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.SOURCE: RDInvesting.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beWhich Travel Card Has the Most Valuable Miles?Wise BreadSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersStruggling to govern, Trump faces growing Republican uneaseStuart: Actually this is the best our country can do right now.  If the Republicans accomplished anything it would be tax cuts for the wealthy, cuts to Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security, removal of all banking regulations and environmental protections and on and on.

Get rid of these traitors in 2018 so our country can be great again.Join the Conversation1 / 51.5k








 






Investor Relations :: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO)





























  












menu






 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Twitter
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Facebook
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on LinkedIn
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Google+
 NASDAQ: XBIO 



 







				Investors			







NASDAQ Opening Bell Video





Investor Relations













Latest News



Jul 18, 2017
Xenetic Biosciences Announces Adjournment of Annual Meeting of Stockholders until Wednesday, August 16, 2017

Read Press Release

 





Latest Financial Results





Q1 2017
Quarterly Results
Ended Mar 31, 2017





 PDF
        

 HTML
            

Release




 Audio
        

Earnings Webcast



 PDF
 HTML

10-Q Filing



 ZIP
 XLS
 HTML

XBRL
 

 





Stock Information






NASDAQ: XBIO
Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.





Price




 
Change







Volume





Day Range





52 Week Range









Company Overview




We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics that may contribute to improvements in global human health. Our 200+ patent portfolio covers next-generation biologic drugs and novel oncology therapeutics and provides protection for our current drug candidates and positions as well as strategic partnership and commercialization opportunities.
Our lead product candidates include ErepoXen™, a polysialylated form of erythropoietin (EPO) for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease, and U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) orphan designated oncology therapeutics Virexxa® and OncoHist™ for the treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer and refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, respectively.
We are currently working together with Shire (LSE: SHP, NASDAQ: SHPG), formerly Baxalta Incorporated , to develop a novel series of polysialylated blood coagulation factors, including a next generation SHP 656 (formerly BAX 826). This collaboration relies on Xenetic's PolyXen technology to conjugate polysialylic acid (PSA) to therapeutic blood-clotting factors, with the goal of improving the pharmacokinetic profile and extending the active life of these biologic molecules. 





Contact Information





Investor Relations                    Jenene Thomas Communications, LLC.                    Jenene Thomas                                                                                                                        T: 908-996-0239 jtc@jenenethomascommunications.com 



Transfer Agent                    Empire Stock Transfer, Inc.                                                            1859 Whitney Mesa Drive                                        Henderson, NV 89014                                        T: 702-818-5898 



 




Get Email Alerts
Stay informed about our latest new and updates 
Sign up Today










