










 




Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:56 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical stage specialty biopharmaceutical company, is engaged in developing non-aqueous formulations of injectable drugs for multiple indications. The company focuses on the development of the soluble and stable glucagon for use in the treatment of diabetes-related and non-diabetic hypoglycemia. It offers G-Pen (glucagon injection), an auto-injectable glucagon pen in Phase 2 clinical development as an alternative to the glucagon emergency kits and used in the emergency treatment of severe hypoglycemia; G-Pen Mini (glucagon injection), a multi-dose and variable-dose glucagon pen in Phase 2 clinical development for the treatment of mild to moderate hypoglycemia ...
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical stage specialty biopharmaceutical company, is engaged in developing non-aqueous formulations of injectable drugs for multiple indications. The company focuses on the development of the soluble and stable glucagon for use in the treatment of diabetes-related and non-diabetic hypoglycemia. It offers G-Pen (glucagon injection), an auto-injectable glucagon pen in Phase 2 clinical development as an alternative to the glucagon emergency kits and used in the emergency treatment of severe hypoglycemia; G-Pen Mini (glucagon injection), a multi-dose and variable-dose glucagon pen in Phase 2 clinical development for the treatment of mild to moderate hypoglycemia without the ingestion of additional carbohydrates; and G-Pump (glucagon infusion), a glucagon formulation in Phase 2 clinical development for administration through insulin-type infusion pumps. The company also focuses on utilizing its formulation technologies to develop a low volume formulation of diazepam for subcutaneous injection; and developing solutions for congenital hyperinsulinism disease. Its products are used for patients, caregivers, and health practitioners. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in Austin, Texas.
Detailed Description


3208 Red River StreetSuite 300Austin, TX 78705United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 888-570-4781

www.xerispharma.com







Key Executives for Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Mr. Paul R. Edick


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 61
        







Dr. John Kinzell Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder, Executive Vice-President of Corporate Development and Director
      








Mr. Steven Prestrelski Ph.D., MBA


      	Co-Founder, Chief Scientific Officer and Director
      








Mr. Yash Sabharwal Ph.D.


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Douglas R. Baum


      	Consultant
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Key Developments

Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces New Results From Ready-To-Use Liquid Glucagon Clinical Development Program
Jun 16 17
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that results from three clinical studies of the company’s investigational ready-to-use liquid glucagon formulation were presented at the 77th Scientific Session of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) in San Diego from June 9-13, 2017. In a pilot study, patients with Type 1 diabetes (T1D) experienced normalization of plasma glucose levels and demonstrated complete resolution of symptoms of severe, experimentally induced hypoglycemia following a rescue dose of the company’s glucagon formulation. In two proof-of-concept studies, mini-doses of the same glucagon formulation were found to be as effective as carbohydrates at treating or preventing mild-moderate and exercise-induced hypoglycemia. A Pilot Study in Adults with T1DM to Examine the Efficacy of Stable Non-Aqueous Glucagon for Treatment of Severe Hypoglycemia (Abstract 140-LB). This study was conducted in adults with type 1 diabetes to explore whether a subcutaneous injection of liquid-stable glucagon (0.5 or 1 mg) could rescue subjects from insulin-induced severe hypoglycemia. After an overnight fast, subjects were administered intravenous (IV) insulin under controlled conditions to induce plasma glucose < 50 mg/dL for 5 minutes. This procedure resulted in symptoms typical of hypoglycemia in most subjects. Following the 1 mg glucagon dose, 7/7 subjects achieved primary response with plasma glucose > 70 mg/dL in an average time of 11.9 minutes (range: 8.1-15.9 minutes). Following the 0.5 mg dose, 6/6 subjects achieved plasma glucose > 70 mg/dL in an average time of 14.4 minutes (range: 9.5-19.7 minutes). Symptomatic relief began within 5 minutes of dosing with glucagon, and all subjects experienced complete resolution of hypoglycemia symptoms in a median time of 20 minutes (range 10-30). No significant safety concerns were noted. Efficacy and Safety of Mini-dose Glucagon for Treatment of Non-Severe Hypoglycemia in Adults with Type 1 Diabetes (Abstract 1068-P). Twenty adults with type 1 diabetes using an insulin pump and continuous glucose monitor (CGM) and experiencing frequent mild hypoglycemia participated in a crossover trial (two 3-week periods) comparing non-aqueous mini-dose glucagon (MDG) (150 µg) versus oral glucose tablets (TABS) (16 g) to treat hypoglycemia (blood glucose [BG] 40-69 mg/dL). Successful treatment was defined as BG =50 mg/dL at 15 minutes and =70 mg/dL at 30 minutes after intervention. Sixteen participants (mean age 39 years, 75% female, mean diabetes duration 23 years, mean HbA1c 7.2%) had 118 analyzable events with initial BG 50-69 mg/dL. Successful treatment criteria were met for 58 (94%) of 62 events during the MDG period and 53 (95%) of 56 events during the TABS period (adjusted p=0.99). CGM-measured time with blood glucose in the range of 70-180 mg/dL data did not differ between treatment groups during the 2 hours post-events, but TABS resulted in higher maximum glucose (116 vs 102 mg/dL; p=0.01) over the first hour. Some participants reported injection site discomfort (MDG) as well as nausea (MDG and TABS). Patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) who perform aerobic exercise often experience a decrease in blood glucose concentration that can result in hypoglycemia. Current approaches to prevent exercise-induced hypoglycemia include reduction in insulin delivery or ingestion of carbohydrates, but either strategy can result in hypo- or hyperglycemia. This study sought to determine whether mini-dose glucagon (MDG) given subcutaneously before exercise could prevent subsequent glucose lowering, and to compare the glycemic response to current approaches. The study was a randomized, 4-period crossover trial involving 15 adults with T1D who exercised at 55% VO2max for 45 min with either (1) no intervention (control), (2) 50% basal insulin reduction, (3) 40 g oral glucose tabs, or (4) 150 µg glucagon, administered 5 min. before exercise. During exercise, mean plasma glucose increased slightly with MDG compared to a decrease with control and insulin reduction, and with a greater increase with glucose tabs. Insulin levels were not different, while glucagon increased with MDG. Six subjects experienced hypoglycemia (< 70 mg/dl) during control, 5 during insulin reduction and none with glucose tabs or MDG; 5 subjects experienced hyperglycemia (=250 mg/dl) with glucose tabs and 1 with MDG. No significant safety concerns were noted.


Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at Pre-Filled Syringes San Diego Summit, Jun-05-2017 04:15 PM
Jun 3 17
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at Pre-Filled Syringes San Diego Summit, Jun-05-2017 04:15 PM. Venue: HYATT REGENCY MISSION BAY, 1441 Quivira Road, San Diego, California, United States. Speakers: Benir Ruano, Vice President, Global Manufacturing & Technical Operations.


Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 through Jun-22-2017
May 27 17
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 through Jun-22-2017. Venue: San Diego Convention Center, San Diego, CA 2865, United States. Presentation Date(s): Jun-21-2017. Jun-22-2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      May 17, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit www.xerispharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Xeris Pharmaceuticals Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























xeris pharmaceuticals inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Specialty Pharma
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company produces injectables to treat endocrine and metabolic diseases.




Corporate Information
Address:

601 California Street Suite 80
San Francisco, CA 94801
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.xerispharma.com





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Paul Edick
Xeris Pharmaceuticals Inc








Board Members
Company


Robert Faulkner
Redmile Group LLC


Jonathan Rigby
Steadymed Ltd


























From The Web












Press Releases




Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Market is Estimated to Reach US$ 225.2 Bn by 2025 - PMR New Report

Jun 28, 2017






Key Executives


Paul R Edick


President/CEO




Phillip Johnson


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Paul R. Edick as President and CEO 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Paul R. Edick as President and CEO




















January 09, 2017 07:00 ET

 | Source: Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.






Austin, Texas, Jan.  09, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel formulations of injectable drugs, announced that Mr. Paul R. Edick has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors, effective January 9, 2017. Mr. Edick is a highly accomplished pharmaceutical industry executive who most recently served as CEO of Durata Therapeutics, which he and his team built, took public, and sold to Actavis PLC, now known as Allergan PLC.  "Paul is a leader whose record shows a relentless focus on leadership, execution and high performance, and we are fortunate to have an executive of his caliber to take Xeris forward. Paul’s decades of experience leading companies in the pharmaceutical industry, his vision, and his leadership make him uniquely qualified to lead Xeris at this moment of great opportunity for the company” said Robert C. Faulkner, Member of Xeris’ Board of Directors.  “With the support of our talented team, we are confident that Paul will create compelling value and opportunity for employees and shareholders.”  He succeeds Mr. Douglas Baum, who is stepping down from his role as President and Chief Executive Officer and will serve as a consultant to the Company. Mr. Faulkner continued, "We are grateful for Doug’s dedication to Xeris since soon after its founding and look forward to his continued support to ensure a smooth transition through his role as a consultant." Mr. Baum added, “Xeris’ significant opportunities in the near term merit a proven hand at building out companies for commercialization.  As a significant shareholder and a believer in the technology, I am gratified to hand this promising company to an executive with such a track record of success.” Xeris’ lead drug product candidate is G-Pen®, a novel glucagon formulation based on the Company’s proprietary formulation technology Xerisol®, that is delivered through a pre-filled injector to treat hypoglycemia in diabetics.  G-Pen is expected to be stable for long periods at room temperature and easy for patients and caregivers to use.   About Paul R. Edick From July 2010 to November 2014, Mr. Edick served as Chief Executive Officer of Durata Therapeutics Inc., a biopharmaceutical company addressing the growing need for new therapeutics to treat infectious diseases, which was acquired by Actavis plc. in 2014.  During Mr. Edick’s tenure at Durata, he  assembled a premier team of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical executives, guided the company through FDA approval, took the company public, oversaw the launch of the lead product and sold the company to Actavis plc, now known as Allergan plc.   Prior to his tenure at Durata, Mr. Edick was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ganic Pharmaceuticals Inc. from March 2008 to June 2010. Ganic was a vehicle funded by Warburg Pincus to find acquisition opportunities in specialty pharmaceuticals.   From April 2002 to February 2008, Mr. Edick was President, and then Chief Executive Officer, of Medpointe Healthcare Inc., a private equity sponsored, acquisition focused,  specialty pharmaceutical company. As CEO, he assembled a premier team of pharmaceutical executives, refocused the strategy, lead the development of a pipeline of products, the restructuring of company debt, built significant value and negotiated sale of the company to Meda AB of Sweden in 2007.  Previous experience includes domestic and international roles of increasing responsibility at Pharmacia Corporation, Searle Pharmaceutical Inc., Baxter Healthcare Corporation, and Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp. Mr. Edick also serves on the Boards of Directors for  Iterum Therapeutics Limited, NewLink Genetics Corporation, PDL BioPharma, Inc., Neos Therapeutics and Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  He earned a bachelor’s degree from Hamilton College.   About Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Xeris is an Austin, Texas-based, specialty biopharmaceutical company developing improved and differentiated injectable therapeutics for multiple indications including diabetes. The company's proprietary XeriSol™ and XeriJect™ formulation technologies allow for the subcutaneous and intradermal delivery of highly concentrated, non-aqueous, ready-to-inject formulations of peptides, proteins, antibodies and small molecules using auto-injectors, multi-dose pens and pumps. Xeris' proprietary formulation platforms have the potential to offer distinct advantages over existing products and formulations including: up to 1000-fold lower injection volumes, long term room-temperature stability, elimination of reconstitution and refrigeration, all of which can lead to products that are easier to use by patients, caregivers, health practitioners, and can reduce costs for payers and the healthcare system. For more information please visit the Xeris website at: www.xerispharma.com. Xeris Media Contact
Brad Huckabee
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
www.xerispharma.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces New Results From Ready-To-Use Liquid Glucagon Clinical Development Program 
June 16, 2017 07:51


Xeris Pharmaceuticals’ Ready-to-Use Liquid Glucagon Clinical Data to Be Presented at American Diabetes Association 77th Scientific Sessions
June 05, 2017 08:15


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Closing of $30 Million Financing
May 17, 2017 19:00


Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Present G-Pen Human Factors Study Results at 2016 ATTD Meeting
February 04, 2016 10:22


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces $41 Million Series C Financing
January 07, 2016 10:24






212



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Austin, Texas, UNITED STATES
  http://www.xerispharma.com




Contact Data
Xeris Media Contact
Brad Huckabee
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
www.xerispharma.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
BIOTECHNOLOGY
Diabetes
Glucagon
G-Pen
Xeris
PHARMACEUTICALS














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.







XERIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC - AUSTIN, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



AUSTIN



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            XERIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
                                    



 





















X 


XERIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6103 CHERRYLAWN CIR AUSTIN, TX 78723
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts MARK SALIMAN






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Inc is located at 6103 Cherrylawn Cir in Austin and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







X

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Closing of $30 Million Financing 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Closing of $30 Million Financing




















May 17, 2017 19:00 ET

 | Source: Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.






CHICAGO, IL and AUSTIN, TX, May  17, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel formulations of ready-to-use injectable drugs, today announced the closing of a $30 million financing.  The Series C financing was led by Redmile Group.  Other participants in the financing included current investors such as Deerfield Management Company, Palmetto Partners, Wild Basin Investments and Asahi-Kasei Corporation.  New investors in the financing included Bay City Capital, Merieux Développement and members of Xeris management. The proceeds from this financing will be used to advance the phase 3 clinical development and NDA submission of Xeris’ liquid stable, prefilled, single use, glucagon auto-injector for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia in patients with Type 1 diabetes. In addition, Xeris will advance three programs for its ready-to-use glucagon formulation in certain chronic disease states that have unmet medical needs. Xeris also plans to initiate development of new drug product candidates in additional therapeutic areas utilizing Xeris’ non-aqueous formulation technology. “We believe the closing of this financing round is a continued sign of the strong support of our existing and new investors and a significant validation of our formulation technologies. It will allow us to accelerate our current development programs, especially our glucagon auto-injector product for severe hypoglycemia.,” said Paul R. Edick, Xeris’ President and Chief Executive Officer. “We believe our glucagon autoinjector has the potential to offer benefits over currently marketed glucagon kits that require reconstitution and syringe filling prior to administration in a life-threatening emergency setting. We also look forward to accelerating the development of our novel formulation technology into additional therapeutic areas.”  “Xeris is advancing several exciting development programs and drug product candidates based on their novel formulation technology. We have a great deal of confidence in the new management team to execute and get these important advances to market for the benefit of patients and healthcare providers” added Robert C. Faulkner, Managing Director, Redmile Group. About Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Xeris is a Chicago, IL and Austin, TX-based, specialty biopharmaceutical company developing improved and differentiated injectable therapeutics for multiple indications including diabetes. The company's proprietary XeriSol™ and XeriJect™ formulation technologies allow for the subcutaneous and intradermal delivery of highly concentrated, non-aqueous, ready-to-use formulations of peptides, proteins, antibodies and small molecules using auto-injectors, multi-dose pens and pumps.  Xeris' proprietary formulation platforms have the potential to offer distinct advantages over existing products and formulations including:  up to 1000-fold lower injection volumes, long term room-temperature stability and elimination of reconstitution and refrigeration. These distinct potential advantages can lead to products that are easier to use by patients, caregivers, health practitioners, and potentially reduce costs for payers and the healthcare system. For more information please visit the Xeris website at: www.xerispharma.com. About Glucagon  Glucagon is a metabolic hormone secreted by the pancreas that raises blood glucose levels by causing the liver to rapidly convert glycogen (the stored form of glucose) into glucose, which is then released into the bloodstream.  Glucagon and insulin are two critical hormones in a glycemic control system that keeps blood glucose at the right level in healthy individuals. In people with diabetes who are dependent on insulin, this control system is disrupted and insulin must be injected prior to meals to avoid high levels of blood glucose (hyperglycemia).  The opposite effect of low blood glucose (hypoglycemia) is also prevalent in this population due to dysregulated glucagon secretion. Severe hypoglycemia is a serious condition and can lead to loss of conciseness, seizures, coma, potential brain injury and, if untreated, death.  Xeris proprietary formulation technology has the potential to provide the first soluble, room temperature stable, ready-to-inject glucagon for use by people with diabetes and other indications to prevent or manage both moderate and severe hypoglycemia, and achieve optimal glucose control. Xeris Media Contact 
Brad Huckabee
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

www.xerispharma.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces New Results From Ready-To-Use Liquid Glucagon Clinical Development Program 
June 16, 2017 07:51


Xeris Pharmaceuticals’ Ready-to-Use Liquid Glucagon Clinical Data to Be Presented at American Diabetes Association 77th Scientific Sessions
June 05, 2017 08:15


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Paul R. Edick as President and CEO
January 09, 2017 07:00


Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Present G-Pen Human Factors Study Results at 2016 ATTD Meeting
February 04, 2016 10:22


Xeris Pharmaceuticals Announces $41 Million Series C Financing
January 07, 2016 10:24






67



other news releases in

Financing Agreements

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Austin, Texas, UNITED STATES
  http://www.xerispharma.com




Contact Data
Xeris Media Contact 
Brad Huckabee
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

www.xerispharma.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
BIOTECHNOLOGY
Diabetes
Glucagon
Xeris
PHARMACEUTICALS














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.









Xeris Pharmaceuticals





































