










 







XP SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Assure Fund Management  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









XP SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2150 S 1300 E Suite 360 
    Salt Lake City, UT, 84106Phone: 8017133508 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-28


New


$153,000


$153,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Llc Assure Fund Management 
 Director 


 Mateo Johnson 
 Executive 


 Jeremy Neilson 
 Executive 














Resumes - Sample Resume, Resume Template, Resume Example, Resume Builder. Cover Letter for Jobs




















Our Sites：
SalaryList
ResumeList
InterviewList
JobsOpenHiring
JobsAndCareer



Register & check your resume grade | Log In 










Expert
Builder
Template
Sample
Examples
















Create Free Professional Job-winning Resume

Build  Resume  Now



Get Your Resume Grade!



Upload  &  See  Your  Resume  Score  


Grade Compared with Other Winning Resumes
Tips & Advice to Revise & Improve
Option to Import to Resume Builder & Improve























Why Choose Resume Genius' Resume Builder

FastFollow few steps to make a free professional resume in just minutes.
EasyFollow few steps to make a free professional resume in just minutes.
ProfessionalHunderds of professional resume template & design will get your resume stand out and get interview .
FreeNo hidden cost, resume builder is always free for all features.Reviews from certified professional resume expert.









A Real Free Professional Resume Builder


15 million
unique visitors in the past year
500,000
review requests to certified resume writers


8 million
job-winning resumes built absolutely free
200,000
consult inquiries sent to resume experts






Build Resumes that Shine!
ResumeList resume builder is a new way to build, design and distribute


Professional Designs

                Over 20 resume templates that are polished and popular.
Easy to Edit Everywhere

                Add, modify, delete sections and content on PC, MAC, tablet, or phone, no Flash needed. 


Multiple Resumes

                Create, save, duplicate and manage multiple resumes.
Instant Download or Print

                Save as Office Word, PDF, text format, or print directly. 


Import Current Resumes

                Get resume grade and tips to improve. Automatic import to resume builder.
Resume & Examples

                Use those winning sample resumes & resume examples to help you start your own. 


Share, Send & Track

                Send your resume to any one or job postings. Track your resume status.
Web Sharing & Statistics

                Make your resume, public, private, or password protected. See who links, and views your resume! 





What Members Say & Success Stories

Resumelist really make wonders.  Absolutely free, no gimmick charges at end to download or anything. 
                 So many great features and easy to use.  Got several calls to interview already.
 - Steven S.
I love resumelist!  It makes creating a professional resume so simple and fun! Nice design, many templates. 
                    I am recommending this site to anyone!  It is really sleek, quick and easy.
 - Stacey M.
I got the job!  Even the interviewers told me that they were impressed with my resume.  It looks professional
                    and is so appealingly presented.  Thank you!  
 - James B





Certifications  &  Associations







Company

About Us
Careers
Contact Us



Support Center

Help
Tips & Advice
Tips



For Experts

Claim Your Profile
Badges
Resume Match



Guidelines & Policies

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy






Resume by Company:
                        A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Resume by Jobs:
                        A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z















                    &nbsp&nbsp © 2009-2016 ResumeList.com&nbsp&nbsp  
                    &nbsp&nbsp All rights reserved. Resume Builder&nbsp&nbsp 
                    &nbsp&nbsp Resume Examples & Sample Resumes&nbsp&nbsp
                 






Get Resumelist App

Best Mobile Resume Experience

Download Now

















































Why do venture capital firms exist: An institution-based rent-seeking perspective and Chinese evidence | SpringerLink





































This service is more advanced with JavaScript available, learn more at http://activatejavascript.org








SpringerLink








Search







Home




Contact Us




Log in




































Asia Pacific Journal of ManagementSeptember 2013, Volume 30, Issue 3,
                        pp 921–936Why do venture capital firms exist: An institution-based rent-seeking perspective and Chinese evidenceAuthorsAuthors and affiliationsHaitian LuYi TanEmail authorHong HuangArticleFirst Online: 04 August 2011 



12
Citations



929
Downloads



AbstractThis paper is a theory development to Amit, Brander, and Zott (1998, Journal of Business Venturing, 13: 441-466) on the nature of venture capital firms. In their paper, the authors argue that venture capital firms exist because they fill a market niche by developing the ability to overcome extreme information asymmetry embedded in high-risk entrepreneurial firms. However, this theory encounters difficulties in explaining a variety of organizational and behavioral divides among venture capitalists in different contexts and over time. In this paper, we apply the institution-based view to reveal the nature of venture capital. We argue that it is the venture capitalists’ capability to capture economic rents from the institutional environment that distinguish them from other financial intermediaries. We show the connection of our perspective with the conventional view as well as the usefulness of this theory in explaining the development of the venture capital industry in China.KeywordsVenture capital Institutions Rent-seeking Strategy China The authors wish to thank Dr. Seung-Hyun Lee and the two anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments and extensive inputs to this article. This research has received the grant from the Hong Kong RGC Direct Allocation (A-PB0Y) and the National Nature Science Foundation of China (70903046 and “NETWORK SYNDICATION AND INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE OF VENTURE CAPITAL IN CHINA”).ReferencesAmit, R., Brander, J., & Zott, C. 1998. Why do venture capital firms exist? Theory and Canadian evidence. Journal of Business Venturing, 13: 441–466.CrossRefGoogle ScholarArmour, J. 2004. The legal road to replicating Silicon Valley. Working paper no. 281, ESRC Centre for Business Research, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.Google ScholarAVCJ Database 2011. Asia Venture Capital Journal. http://www.asianfn.com/Research_Database.aspx.Barney, J. 1991. Firm resources and sustained competitive advantage. Journal of Management, 17(1): 99–120.CrossRefGoogle ScholarBoisot, M. H., & Child, J. 1996. From fiefs to clans and network capitalism: Explaining China’s emerging economic order. Administrative Science Quarterly, 41: 600–628.CrossRefGoogle ScholarBottazzi, L., & Rin, M. 2002. Venture capital in Europe and the financing of innovative companies. Economic Policy, 17(34): 229.CrossRefGoogle ScholarBruton, G. D., Ahlstrom, D., & Singh, K. 2002. The impact of the institutional environment on the venture capital industry in Singapore. Venture Capital, 4(3): 197–218.CrossRefGoogle ScholarBusenitz, L. W., Fiet, J. O., & Moesel, D. D. 2004. Reconsidering the venture capitalists’ “value added” proposition: An interorganizational learning perspective. Journal of Business Venturing, 19(6): 787–807.CrossRefGoogle ScholarChen, G. M., Firth, M., & Kim, J. 2004. IPO underpricing in China’s new stock markets. Journal of Multinational Financial Management, 14(3): 283–302.CrossRefGoogle ScholarCumming, D., & Johan, S. 2008. Information asymmetries, agency costs and venture capital exit outcomes. Venture Capital, 10(3): 197–231.CrossRefGoogle ScholarCyert, R. M., Kumar, P., & Williams, J. R. 1993. Information, market imperfections and strategy. Strategic Management Journal, 14: 47–58.CrossRefGoogle ScholarDerrien, F., & Kent, L. W. 2003. Auctions vs. bookbuilding and the control of underpricing in hot IPO markets. Review of Financial Studies, 6(1): 31–61.CrossRefGoogle ScholarEVCA (European Venture Capital Association). 2006. EVCA Barometer June 2006, available at: http://euproject.v-ces.com/uploads/media/tmpl_27_art_43_att_1000.pdf.Gans, J. S., & Stern, S. 2003. The product market and the market for “ideas”: Commercialization strategies for technology entrepreneurs. Research Policy, 32(2): 333–350.CrossRefGoogle ScholarGuth, W., & Ginsberg, A. 1990. Guest editors’ introduction: Corporate entrepreneurship. Strategic Management Journal, 11: 297–308.CrossRefGoogle ScholarHoskisson, R. E., Eden, L., Lau, C. M., & Wright, M. 2010. Strategy in emerging economies. Academy of Management Journal, 43(3): 249–267.CrossRefGoogle ScholarJeng, L. A., & Wells, P. C. 2000. The determinants of venture capital funding: Evidence across countries. Journal of Corporate Finance, 6: 241–289.CrossRefGoogle ScholarKhan, M. H. 2000. Rent-seeking as process. In M. H. Khan & J. K. Sundaram (Eds.). Rents, rent-seeking and economic development: Theory and evidence in Asia. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.CrossRefGoogle ScholarLeeds, R., & Sunderland, J. 2003. Private equity investing in emerging markets. Journal of Applied Corporate Finance, 15(4): 111–119.CrossRefGoogle ScholarLi, H. B., Meng, L. S., Wang, Q., & Zhou, L. A. 2008. Political connections, financing and firm performance: Evidence from chinese private firms. Journal of Development Economics, 87(2): 283–299.CrossRefGoogle ScholarManigart, S., De Waele, K., Wright, M., Robbie, K., Desbrieres, P., Sapienza, H., & Beekman, A. 2000. Venture capitalists, investment appraisal and accounting information: A comparative study of the USA, UK, France, Belgium and Holland. European Financial Management, 6(3): 389–403.CrossRefGoogle ScholarMayer, C., Schoors, K., & Yafeh, Y. 2005. Sources of funds and investment activities of venture capital funds: Evidence from Germany, Israel, Japan and the United Kingdom. Journal of Corporate Finance, 11(3): 586–608.CrossRefGoogle ScholarMilhaupt, C. J. 1997. The market for innovation in the United States and Japan: Venture capital and the comparative corporate governance debate. Northwest University Law Review, 91: 865.Google ScholarNarayanan, V. K., & Fahey, L. 2005. The relevance of the institutional underpinnings of Porter’s five forces framework to emerging economies: An epistemological analysis. Journal of Management Studies, 42(1): 207–223.CrossRefGoogle ScholarNaqi, S. A., & Hettihewa, S. 2007. Venture capital or private equity?. Asian Experience Business Horizons, 50(4): 335–344.CrossRefGoogle ScholarOliver, C. 1997. Sustainable competitive advantage: Combining institutional and resource-based views. Strategic Management Journal, 18: 697–713.CrossRefGoogle ScholarPeltzman, S. 1976. Toward a more general theory of regulation. Journal of Law and Economics, 19(2): 211–240.CrossRefGoogle ScholarPeng, M. W. 2002. Towards an institutional-based view of business strategy. Asia Pacific Journal of Management, 19(2/3): 251–267.CrossRefGoogle ScholarPeng, M. W. 2003. Institutional transitions and strategic choices. Academy of Management Review, 28(2): 275–296.Google ScholarPeng, M. W., & Heath, P. S. 1996. The growth of the firm in planned economies in transition: Institutions, organizations, and strategic choice. Academy of Management Review, 21(2): 492–528.Google ScholarPeng, M. W., Sun, S. L., Pinkham, B., & Chen, H. 2009. The institution-based view as a third leg for a strategy tripod. Academy of Management Perspectives, 23(3): 63–81.CrossRefGoogle ScholarPeng, M., Wang, D., & Jiang, Y. 2008. An institution-based view of international business strategy: A focus on emerging economies. Journal of International Business Studies, 39(5): 920–936.CrossRefGoogle ScholarPorter, M. 1980. Competitive strategy. New York: Free Press.Google ScholarPriem, R. L., & Butler, J. E. 2001. Is the resource-based theory a useful perspective for strategic management research?. Academy of Management Review, 26(1): 22–40.Google ScholarPruthi, S., Wright, M., & Lockett, A. 2003. Do foreign and domestic venture capital firms differ in their monitoring of investees?. Asia Pacific Journal of Management, 20(2): 175–204.CrossRefGoogle ScholarRobinson, R. B. 1987. Emerging strategies in the venture capital industry. Journal of Business Venturing, 2: 53–77.CrossRefGoogle ScholarRumelt, R. P. 1984. Toward a strategic theory of the firm. In R. Lamb (Ed.). Competitive strategic management: 556–570. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.Google ScholarSapienza, H. J., Manigart, S., & Vermeir, W. 1996. Venture capitalist governance and value added in four countries. Journal of Business Venturing, 11(6): 439–469.CrossRefGoogle ScholarSchoemaker, P. H. 1990. Strategy, complexity, and economic rent. Management Science, 36(10): 1178–1192.CrossRefGoogle ScholarShenkar, O., & von Glinow, M. A. 1994. Paradoxes of organizational theory and research: Using the case of China to illustrate national contingency. Management Science, 40(1): 56–71.CrossRefGoogle ScholarSorenson, O., & Stuart, T. 2001. Syndication networks and the spatial distribution of venture capital investments. American Journal of Sociology, 106(6): 1546–1588.CrossRefGoogle ScholarSu, D., & Fleisher, B. M. 1999. An empirical investigation of underpricing in chinese IPOs. Pacific-Basin Finance Journal, 7: 173–202.CrossRefGoogle ScholarWhite, S., Gao, J., & Zhang, W. 2005. Financing new ventures in China: System antecedents and institutionalization. Research Policy, 34(6): 894–913.CrossRefGoogle ScholarWright, M., & Robbie, K. 1998. Venture capital and private equity: A review and synthesis. Journal of Business, Finance, and Accounting, 25(5): 521–570.CrossRefGoogle ScholarZacharakis, A., & Shepherd, D. 2001. The nature of information and overconfidence on venture capitalists’ decision making. Journal of Business Venturing, 16(4): 311–332.CrossRefGoogle ScholarZero2IPO. 2010. Zero2IPO financial database, available at: http://www.zero2ipogroup.com/research/database.aspx.Zider, B. 1998. How venture capital works. Harvard Business Review, 76(6): 131–139.Google ScholarCopyright information© Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011Authors and AffiliationsHaitian Lu1Yi Tan2Email authorHong Huang11.School of Accounting and FinanceThe Hong Kong Polytechnic UniversityKowloonHKSAR2.Antai College of Economics and Management, School of EconomicsShanghai Jiao Tong UniversityShanghaiPeople’s Republic of China

About this article





			Cite this article as:
		
Lu, H., Tan, Y. & Huang, H. Asia Pac J Manag (2013) 30: 921. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10490-011-9262-8




DOI
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10490-011-9262-8


Publisher Name
Springer US


Print ISSN
0217-4561


Online ISSN
1572-9958




About this journal



Reprints and Permissions







Personalised recommendations










Export
citation






                    .RIS
                


                            Papers
                        

                            Reference Manager
                        

                            RefWorks
                        

                            Zotero
                        







                    .ENW
                


                            EndNote
                        







                    .BIB
                


                            BibTeX
                        

                            JabRef
                        

                            Mendeley
                        







Share
article






Email







Facebook







Twitter







LinkedIn







            Buy options
        









Actions




Log in to check access
















Buy (PDF)


                        USD 39.95
                    




Unlimited access to the full article
Instant download
Include local sales tax if applicable






Subscribe to Journal



                    Get Access to
                    Asia Pacific Journal of Management
                    for the whole of 2017
                




            Learn about institutional subscriptions







Export
citation






                    .RIS
                


                            Papers
                        

                            Reference Manager
                        

                            RefWorks
                        

                            Zotero
                        







                    .ENW
                


                            EndNote
                        







                    .BIB
                


                            BibTeX
                        

                            JabRef
                        

                            Mendeley
                        







Share
article






Email







Facebook







Twitter







LinkedIn
















Cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience with our site.
More information

Accept














Patent US8632392 - Systems and methods for enabling remote device users to wager on micro ... - Google PatentsMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsPatentsA method and system for micro-betting. A control function can be designated for managing a series of micro-bets with respect to one or more events. The control function can be configured to determine when said series of micro-bets are set and when no more micro-bets among said series of micro-bets can...https://www.google.com/patents/US8632392?utm_source=gb-gplus-sharePatent US8632392 - Systems and methods for enabling remote device users to wager on micro events of games in a data network accessible gaming environmentAdvanced Patent SearchTry the new Google Patents, with machine-classified Google Scholar results, and Japanese and South Korean patents.Publication numberUS8632392 B2Publication typeGrantApplication numberUS 12/972,704Publication dateJan 21, 2014Filing dateDec 20, 2010Priority dateAug 20, 2010Fee statusPaidAlso published asUS20120046094Publication number12972704, 972704, US 8632392 B2, US 8632392B2, US-B2-8632392, US8632392 B2, US8632392B2InventorsMichael W. Shore, Alfonso G. Chan, Luis M. Ortiz, Kermit D. LopezOriginal AssigneeMicro-Gaming Ventures, LLCExport CitationBiBTeX, EndNote, RefManPatent Citations (32), Non-Patent Citations (4), Referenced by (5), Classifications (5), Legal Events (3) External Links: USPTO, USPTO Assignment, EspacenetSystems and methods for enabling remote device users to wager on micro events of games in a data network accessible gaming environment
US 8632392 B2Abstract
A method and system for micro-betting. A control function can be designated for managing a series of micro-bets with respect to one or more events. The control function can be configured to determine when said series of micro-bets are set and when no more micro-bets among said series of micro-bets can be placed with respect to said event(s). Additionally, a multiple display screen method and system for the placement of micro-bets includes one or more display screens for displaying a micro-betting GUI for placing and managing micro-bets with respect to one or more macro-events and/or micro-events thereof. At least one other display screen can be utilized to provide video of the macro-event and/or micro-event(s). Available micro-bets among said micro-bets can be randomized to prevent cheating.

Images(11)           Claims(16)
What is claimed is:
 
1. A computer-implemented method for micro-betting, said computer-implemented method comprising:
designating via a computer a control function for managing one or more micro-bets based on at least one micro-event within at least one event, said micro-bets comprising real bets and said at least one micro-event comprising a real event;
configuring via computer said control function to determine when at least one of said micro-bets is available, or open, to betters and thereafter when at least one of said micro-bets have closed to additional betters; and
randomizing via a computer, available micro-bets among said micro-bets to prevent cheating.


  
2. A multiple display screen system for the placement of micro-bets, said system comprising:
at least one display screen for displaying a micro-betting GUI for placing and managing micro-bets based on micro-events within at least one macro-event; and
at least one other display screen for providing video of said macro-event, wherein available micro-bets among said micro-bets are randomized to prevent cheating.


  
3. The system of claim 2 wherein micro-betting GUI provides for a graphic display of said micro-bets, said graphic display of said micro-bets synchronized with said video of said macro-event displayed on said at least one other display screen.

  
4. The system of claim 2 wherein video of said micro-event comprises live video of said macro-event.

  
5. A method for online micro-betting, said method comprising:
permitting a plurality of players to meet online with one another and place micro-bets with respect to a particular macro-event said micro-bets comprising real bets and said particular macro-event comprising a real event;
electronically selecting said particular macro-event;
allowing said plurality of players to select a controller and a control function for controlling and managing said micro-bets placed online by at least one player among said plurality of players; and
selecting micro-bets to be made available to said plurality of players; and
randomizing available micro-bets among said micro-bets to prevent cheating.


  
6. The method of claim 5 wherein said macro-event is displayed as video online for viewing by said plurality of players.

  
7. The method of claim 5 wherein said micro-bets comprise customizable bets.

  
8. The method of claim 5 wherein at least one user creates said customizable bets.

  
9. A system for micro-betting, comprising:
a processor;
a data bus coupled to said processor; and
a computer-usable medium embodying computer code, said computer-usable medium being coupled to said data bus, said computer program code comprising instructions executable by said processor and configured for:
designating a control function for managing a series of micro-bets with respect to at least one event, said series of micro-bets comprising real bets and said at least one event comprising a real event;
configuring said control function to determine when said series of micro-bets are set and when no more micro-bets among said series of micro-bets can be placed with respect to said at least one event; and
randomizing available micro-bets among said series of micro-bets to prevent cheating.



  
10. A multiple display screen method for the placement of micro-bets, said system comprising:
displaying, via at least one display screen, a micro-betting GUI for placing and managing micro-bets with respect to at least a macro-event and micro-events thereof; and
providing at least one other display screen for displaying video of said macro-event; and
randomizing available micro-bets among said micro-bets to prevent cheating.


  
11. The method of claim 10 further comprising:
configuring said micro-betting GUI to provide for a graphic display of said micro-bets; and
synchronizing said graphic display of said micro-bets with said video of said macro-event displayed on said at least one other display screen.


  
12. The method of claim 10 wherein video of said micro-event comprises live video of said macro-event.

  
13. A system for online micro-betting, said system comprising:
a processor;
a data bus coupled to said processor; and
a computer-usable medium embodying computer code, said computer-usable medium being coupled to said data bus, said computer program code comprising instructions executable by said processor and configured for:
permitting a plurality of players to meet online with one another and place micro-bets with respect to a particular macro-event, said micro-bets comprising real bets and said particular macro-event comprising a real event;
electronically selecting said particular macro-event;
allowing said plurality of players to select a controller and a control function for controlling and managing said micro-bets placed online by at least one player among said plurality of players;
selecting micro-bets to be made available to said plurality of players; and
placing at least one micro-bet among said micro-bets online during said particular macro-event until an end point; and
randomizing available micro-bets among said micro-bets to prevent cheating.



  
14. The system of claim 13 wherein said macro-event is displayed as video online for viewing by said plurality of players.

  
15. The system of claim 13 wherein said micro-bets comprise customizable bets.

  
16. The system of claim 13 wherein at least one user creates said customizable bets. 

 
Description
CROSS-REFERENCE TO PATENT APPLICATIONS
This patent application is a CIP (Continuation-in-Part) Application of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/944,394, entitled “Systems and Methods for Enabling Remote Device Users to Wager on Micro Events of Games in a Data Network Accessible Gaming Environment,” which was filed on Nov. 11, 2010 and which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/944,394 claims the benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e) of U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 61/375,499 entitled, “Systems and Methods for Enabling Remote Device Users to Wager on Micro Events of Games in a Data Network Accessible Gaming Environment,” which was filed on Aug. 20, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/944,394 further claims the benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e) of U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 61/380,990 entitled, “Systems and Methods for Enabling Remote Device Users to Wager on Micro Events of Games in a Data Network Accessible Gaming Environment,” which was filed on Sep. 8, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/944,394 additionally claims the benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e) of U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 61/411,947 entitled “Systems and Methods for Enabling Remote Device Users to Wager on Micro Events of Games in a Data Network Accessible Gaming Environment,” which was filed on Nov. 10, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
TECHNICAL HELD
Embodiments are generally related to sports and event betting, including parimutuel and non-parimutuel betting. Embodiments are also related to online gaming. Embodiments are additionally related to systems and methods that allow users utilizing remote devices to wager on micro events of any type in a data network accessible gaming environment facilitated by one or more network servers.
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
Betting on sports and other events is a multi-billion dollar business. Casinos, for example, have large sports and event betting parlors for attracting bettors. These parlors display the bets that a person may make on various sporting or types of events. Bets are placed on most major sports including professional and college football, soccer, baseball, basketball, auto racing, and ice hockey, as well as cricket and rugby. Further, bets are placed on various sports tournaments including the NCAA Men's and Women's Basketball Championships and World Cup Soccer. Also, bets may be placed on other types of events including a selection of the winner of a reality television show (e.g., the Survivor reality show), election results, weather events, when the first person lands on Mars, the winner of the next United States Presidential election, or any other type of event.
In general, gambling is the wagering, or betting, of money or something of material value (referred to as “the stakes”) on an event with an uncertain outcome with the primary intent of winning additional money and/or material goods. Typically, the outcome of the wager, or bet, is evident within a short period. The term “gaming” in this context typically refers to instances in which the activity has been specifically permitted by law. The two words are not mutually exclusive, i.e., a “gaming” company offers (legal) “gambling” activities to the public. This distinction is not universally observed in the English-speaking world, however. For instance, in the UK, the regulator of gambling activities is called the Gambling Commission (not the Gaming Commission). Also, the word gaming is frequently used to describe activities that do not involve wagering, especially online. While almost any game can be played for money, and any game typically played for money can also be played just for fun, some games are generally offered in a casino setting. Gaming can also be accomplished for non-monetary prizes such as coupons, “points” that can be redeemed for merchandise or discounts, and other promotional or recreational purposes.
Fixed odds betting and parimutuel betting frequently occur at many types of sporting events and political elections. In addition, many bookmakers offer fixed odds on a number of non-sports related outcomes, for example, the direction and extent of movement of various financial indices, the winner of television competitions such as Big Brother, and election results. Interactive prediction markets also offer trading on these outcomes with “shares” of results trading on an open market. One of the most widespread forms of gambling involves betting on horse or greyhound racing. Wagering may take place through parimutuel pools, non-parimutuel betting arrangements, or bookmakers may take bets personally. Parimutuel wagers, for example, pay off at prices determined by support in the wagering pools, while bookmakers pay off either at the odds offered at the time of accepting the bet or at the median odds offered by track bookmakers at the time the race started. Parimutuel betting (from the French language, Pari Mutuel or mutual betting) is a betting system in which all bets of a particular type are placed together in a pool, taxes and a house “take” or “vig” are removed by the gaming sponsor or organizer, and payoff odds are calculated by sharing the pool among all winning bets. In some countries, it is known as the Tote after the totalisator, which calculates and displays bets already made.
Parimutuel and/or non-parimutuel betting systems are utilized in gambling events such as horse racing, greyhound racing, jai alai, etc., and most sporting events of relatively short duration in which participants finish in a ranked order. A modified parimutuel system has also been adapted for use in some lottery games. Betting on team sports has become an important service industry in many countries. For example, millions of Britons play the football pools every week. In addition to organized sports betting, both legal and illegal, there are many side-betting games played by casual groups of spectators such as NCAA Basketball Tournament Bracket Pools, Super Bowl Squares, Fantasy Sports Leagues with monetary entry fees and winnings, and in-person spectator games like Moundball.
Arbitrage betting is a theoretically risk-free betting system in which every outcome of an event is bet upon so that a known profit will be made by the bettor upon completion of the event, regardless of the outcome. Arbitrage betting is a combination of the ancient art of arbitrage trading and gambling, which has been made possible by the large numbers of bookmakers in the marketplace, creating occasional opportunities for arbitrage.
One can also bet with another person that a statement is true or false, or that a specified event will happen (a “back bet”) or will not happen (a “lay bet”) within a specified time. This occurs in particular when two people have opposing but strongly held views on truth or events. Not only do the parties hope to gain from the bet, they place the bet also to demonstrate their certainty about the issue. Some means of determining the issue at stake must exist. Sometimes the amount bet remains nominal, demonstrating the outcome as one of principle rather than of financial importance.
A multiplayer video game is one within which more than one person can play in the same game environment at the same time. Unlike most other games, computer and video games are often single-player activities that pit the player against preprogrammed challenges and/or AI (artificial intelligence)-controlled opponents, which often lack the flexibility and ingenuity of regular human thinking. Multiplayer components allow players to enjoy interaction with other individuals, be it in the form of partnership, competition or rivalry, and provide them with a form of social communication that is almost always missing in single-player oriented games. In a variety of different multiplayer game types, players may individually compete against two or more human contestants, work cooperatively with a human partner(s) in order to achieve a common goal, supervise activities of other players, or engage in a game type that incorporates any possible combination of the above. Multiplayer games typically require the players to share resources of a single game system or use networking technologies that allow players to play together over greater distances.
BRIEF SUMMARY
The following summary is provided to facilitate an understanding of some of the innovative features unique to the disclosed embodiment and is not intended to be a full description. A full appreciation of the various aspects of the embodiments disclosed herein can be gained by taking the entire specification, claims, drawings, and abstract as a whole.
It is, therefore, one aspect of the disclosed embodiments to provide systems and methods that allow users of remote communication and display devices to view a gaming event and also bet on the outcome of various “micro events” occurring during the gaming event using bi-directional communications of the remote devices with a server over a data communications network.
It is another aspect of the disclosed embodiments to provide for systems and methods that allow users of remote devices to wager on micro events of a competitive entertainment event occurring in a gaming environment via access to a network server over a data network.
It is still a further aspect of the disclosed embodiments to provide for a method for microbetting including identifying a micro-outcome to an event or series of events occurring during a macro event such as a football game utilizing a display associated with a remote device, selecting the micro-outcome within the larger macro event utilizing a user interface associated with the remote device and placing a micro-bet on the micro-outcome within the macro-event at a server through a data network utilizing the remote device. A micro-outcome is an outcome other than the final result of the macro-event that occurs during the macro-event, but can be indisputably calculated either before or after the final result of the macro-event. An example of a micro-outcome would be the results of a play within a game with a statistically tracked outcome such as a pitch to a batter in a baseball game (strike, ball, hit by pitch, hit [single, double, triple, home run], error, fielder's choice, etc.), a batter's completed at-bat during a baseball game (hit, fly-out, ground-out, hit by pitch, error, strike out, foul out, etc.), or a fielder's participation in a play (put out or error). A micro-outcome would be the subject of a micro-bet. Some micro-outcomes can be cumulative micro-outcomes such as how many interceptions a quarterback will throw in a quarter, a half, or the entire game, how many rushing yards (e.g. +/−50) a running back will achieve in a defined period or the entire game, or even whether a candidate will win particular precincts within a congressional district and by how many votes. To be a micro-outcome, the outcome must be less than the final complete outcome of the event and verifiable by an official statistic kept by a third party not participating in the betting itself.
It is yet another aspect of the disclose embodiments to provide a method for microbetting including identifying a micro-event with multiple potential micro-outcomes occurring during a sporting event utilizing a display integrated within a portable wireless handheld device, selecting the micro-event utilizing a user interface associated with the portable wireless handheld device, and placing a micro-bet on the outcome of the micro-event at a server through a data network utilizing the portable wireless handheld device.
It is also an aspect of the disclosed embodiments to provide a system for betting on micro-outcomes occurring during a macro-event and micro-outcomes of the macro-events. Such a system can include a server for brokering wagers on micro-events occurring during macro-events and at least one remote device in communication with the server requesting placement of wagers on micro-events occurring during a macro-event.
It is another aspect of the disclosed embodiments that remote devices include desktop computers, laptop computers, set-top boxes, Internet-enabled High Definition Televisions Sets (HDTVs), and portable wireless handheld devices such as Smartphones, PDAs (Personal Digital Assistants), and proprietary portable devices rented to users at a venue.
It is still another aspect of the disclosed embodiments that wagering includes the commitment or exchange of credits, coupons, or electronic cash for a microbet.
It is a further aspect of the disclosed embodiments that communications between remote devices and servers brokering wagers on micro-events be secured.
It is another aspect of the disclosed embodiments that user name and passwords enable registration and secure access to gaming services provided by servers brokering wagers on micro-events.
It is also an aspect of the disclosed embodiments that user name and passwords enable registration and secure access to personal accounts and account credit balances stored on servers providing gaming services to remote devices.
It is yet another aspect of the disclosed embodiments that a server including a wagering module for brokering wagers on micro-events transmit confirmation data via the data network to the remote device that a micro-bet has been placed on a micro-event.
It is yet another aspect of the disclosed invention that a video display on the remote device display video from a sports venue, player/team information and statistics, wagering data, and input fields accessible by a remote device user.
It is an aspect of the disclosed invention that a video display on the remote device provide wagering data and input fields accessible by a remote device user and a user interface on the remote device enable user interaction with wagering input fields by a remote device user.
The aforementioned aspects and other objectives and advantages can now be achieved as described herein. A method and system for micro-betting is disclosed, which includes designating a control function for managing a series of micro-bets with respect to one or more events, and configuring the control function to determine when the series of micro-bets are set and when no more micro-bets among the series of micro-bets can be placed with respect to the event(s). The event(s) can comprise an actual sporting event, or for example, a fantasy sports event. Available micro-bets among the series of micro-bets can be randomized to prevent cheating.
Additionally, a multiple display screen method and system for the placement of micro-bets can be implemented, which includes one or more display screens (e.g., a dual display screen) for displaying a micro-betting GUI for placing and managing micro-bets with respect to a macro-event and/or micro-events thereof. At least one other display screen can be provided for displaying video of the macro-event (or macro-events). Such a micro-betting GUI can be configured to include a graphic display of micro-bets, wherein the graphic display of the micro-bets is synchronized with the video of the macro-event displayed on at least one of the other display screens. The video of the micro-event can include, for example, live video of the macro-event. Additionally, as indicated above, available micro-bets among the micro-bets can be randomized to prevent cheating.
Additionally, a method and system are disclosed for online micro-betting including, for example, permitting a plurality of players to meet online with one another and place micro-bets with respect to a particular macro-event; electronically selecting the particular macro-event; allowing the players to select a controller and a control function for controlling and managing the micro-bets placed online by at least one player among the players; selecting micro-bets to be made available to the players; and placing at least one micro-bet among the micro-bets online during the particular macro-event until an end point. The micro-event(s) can be displayed as video “online” for viewing by the players. The micro-bets can be customizable bets and a single user (or multiple users) can be authorized to create the customizable bets.

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
The accompanying figures, in which like reference numerals refer to identical or functionally-similar elements throughout the separate views and which are incorporated in and form a part of the specification, further illustrate the present invention and, together with the detailed description of the invention, serve to explain the principles of the present invention.
 FIG. 1 illustrates a high-level block diagram of an exemplary data processing system or wagering module/database environment that may be included in devices operating in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 2 illustrates an exemplary environment for operations and devices in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 3 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting logical operational steps of a method for enabling one or more remote device users to wager on games in a data network access to a gaming environment, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 4 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method for authentication of a user of a remote computing device, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 5 illustrates a block diagram of a wagering system that includes the commitments or exchange of credits, coupons, or electronic cash for a microbet, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 6 illustrates a display showing both game video and wagering data, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 7 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method for wagering, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 8 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method for placing a micro-bet with respect to multiple and parimutuel and/or non-parimutuel betting options, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 9 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method for configuring a control function for setting micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 10 illustrates a block diagram of a control function module for setting micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 11 illustrates a block diagram of application programs including a control function module, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments;
 FIG. 12 illustrates a block diagram of a multiple display screen system, which can be utilized for placing micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments; and
 FIG. 13 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting logical operational steps of a method for on-line competition and micro-bets, thereof in accordance with a the disclosed embodiments.

DETAILED DESCRIPTION
The particular values and configurations discussed in these non-limiting examples can be varied and are cited merely to illustrate at least one embodiment and are not intended to limit the scope thereof.
The embodiments will now be described more fully hereinafter with reference to the accompanying drawings, in which illustrative embodiments of the invention are shown. The embodiments disclosed herein can be embodied in many different forms and should not be construed as limited to the embodiments set forth herein; rather, these embodiments are provided so that this disclosure will be thorough and complete and will fully convey the scope of the invention to those skilled in the art. Like numbers refer to like elements throughout. As used herein, the term “and/or” includes any and all combinations of one or more of the associated listed items.
The terminology used herein is for the purpose of describing particular embodiments only and is not intended to be limiting of the invention. As used herein, the singular forms “a”, “an” and “the” are intended to include the plural forms as well, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. It will be further understood that the terms “comprises” and/or “comprising,” when used in this specification, specify the presence of stated features, integers, steps, operations, elements, and/or components, but do not preclude the presence or addition of one or more other features, integers, steps, operations, elements, components, and/or groups thereof.
Unless otherwise defined, all terms (including technical and scientific terms) used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art to which this invention belongs. It will be further understood that terms, such as those defined in commonly used dictionaries, should be interpreted as having a meaning that is consistent with their meaning in the context of the relevant art and will not be interpreted in an idealized or overly formal sense unless expressly so defined herein.
As will be appreciated by one skilled in the art, the present invention can be embodied as a method, data processing system, or computer program product. Accordingly, the present invention may take the form of an entire hardware embodiment, an entire software embodiment, or an embodiment combining software and hardware aspects all generally referred to herein as a “circuit” or “module.” Furthermore, the present invention may take the form of a computer program product on a computer-usable storage medium having computer-usable program code embodied in the medium. Any suitable computer readable medium may be utilized including hard disks, USB Flash Drives, DVDs, CD-ROMs, optical storage devices, magnetic storage devices, etc.
Computer program code for carrying out operations of the present invention may be written in an object oriented programming language (e.g., Java, C++, etc). The computer program code, however, for carrying out operations of the present invention may also be written in conventional procedural programming languages such as the “C” programming language or in a visually oriented programming environment such as, for example, VisualBasic.
The program code may execute entirely on the user's computer, partly on the user's computer, as a stand-alone software package, partly on the user's computer and partly on a remote computer, or entirely on the remote computer. In the latter scenario, the remote computer may be connected to a user's computer through a local area network (LAN) or a wide area network (WAN), wireless data network e.g., WiFi, Wimax, 802.xx, and cellular network or the connection may be made to an external computer via most third party supported networks (for example, through the Internet using an Internet Service Provider).
The invention is described in part below with reference to flowchart illustrations and/or block diagrams of methods, systems, computer program products, and data structures according to embodiments of the invention. It will be understood that each block of the illustrations, and combinations of blocks, can be implemented by computer program instructions. These computer program instructions may be provided to a processor of a general purpose computer, special purpose computer, or other programmable data processing apparatus to produce a machine such that the instructions, which execute via the processor of the computer or other programmable data processing apparatus, create means for implementing the functions/acts specified in the block or blocks.
These computer program instructions may also be stored in a computer-readable memory that can direct a computer or other programmable data processing apparatus to function in a particular manner such that the instructions stored in the computer-readable memory produce an article of manufacture including instruction means which implement the function/act specified in the block or blocks.
The computer program instructions may also be loaded onto a computer or other programmable data processing apparatus to cause a series of operational steps to be performed on the computer or other programmable apparatus to produce a computer implemented process such that the instructions which execute on the computer or other programmable apparatus provide steps for implementing the functions/acts specified in the block or blocks.
Referring now to FIG. 1, an exemplary data processing system 100 or wagering module/database environment that may be included in devices operating in accordance with some embodiments of the present invention will be discussed. As illustrated, the data processing system 100 includes a processor 138, a memory 136, and input/output circuits 146. The data processing system 100 may be incorporated in, for example, a personal computer, a portable wireless hand held device (e.g., Smartphone, etc), server, router or the like. The processor 138 communicates with the memory 136 via an address/data bus 148 and communicates with the input/output circuits 146 via an address/data bus 149. The input/output circuits 146 can be used to transfer information between the memory 136 and another computer system or a network using, for example, an Internet Protocol (IP) connection and/or wireless or wired communications. These components may be conventional components such as those used in many conventional data processing systems, which may be configured to operate as described herein.
In particular, the processor 138 can be any commercially available or custom microprocessor, microcontroller, digital signal processor, or the like. The memory 136 may include any memory devices containing the software and data used to implement the functionality circuits or modules used in accordance with embodiments of the present invention. The memory 136 can include, but is not limited to, the following types of devices: cache, ROM, PROM, EPROM, EEPROM, flash memory, SRAM, DRAM, and magnetic disk. In some embodiments of the present invention, the memory 136 may be, for example, a content addressable memory (CAM).
As further illustrated in FIG. 1, the memory 136 may include several categories of software and data used in the data processing system 100; an operating system 152; application programs 154; input/output device drivers 158; and data 156. As will be appreciated by those skilled in the art, the operating system 152 may be any operating system suitable for use with a data processing system such as, for example, Linux, Windows XP, Mac OS, Unix, etc. The input/output device drivers 158 typically include software routines accessed through the operating system 152 by the application programs 154 to communicate with devices such as the input/output circuits 146 and certain memory 136 components. The application programs 154 are illustrative of the programs that implement the various features of the circuits and modules according to some embodiments of the present invention. Finally, the data 156 represents static and dynamic data that can be used by the application programs 154, the operating system 152, the input/output device drivers 158, and other software programs that may reside in the memory 136. As illustrated in FIG. 1, the data 156 may include, for example, statistics 128 and event information 130 for use by the circuits and modules of the application programs 154 according to some embodiments of the present invention as discussed further herein. The event information 130, for example, may include data associated with a particular event. Statistics 128 may include, for example, not only statistical information related to a particular event, but also broader statistics such as, for example, team history and sports scores.
In the embodiment shown in FIG. 1, applications programs 154 can include, for example, a wagering or betting module 122, a security or authentication module 124, a tracking module 126, and so forth. While the present invention is illustrated with reference to the betting module 122, the authentication module 124, and the tracking module 126 being application programs in FIG. 1, as will be appreciated by those skilled in the art, other configurations fall within the scope of the present invention. For example, rather than being application programs 154, these modules may also be incorporated into the operating system 152 or other such logical division of the data processing system 100.
Furthermore, while betting module 122, the authentication module 124, and the tracking module 126 are illustrated in a single data processing system, as will be appreciated by those skilled in the art, such functionality may be distributed across one or more data processing systems. Thus, the present invention should not be construed as limited to the configuration illustrated in FIG. 1, but may be provided by other arrangements and/or divisions of functions between data processing systems. For example, although FIG. 1 is illustrated as having various circuits/modules, one or more of these circuits may be combined without departing from the scope of the present invention.
Note that as utilized herein the term “module” generally refers to a collection or routines (and/or subroutines) and/or data structures that performs a particular task or implements a particular abstract data type. Modules usually include two parts: an interface, which lists the constants, data types, variables, and routines that can be accessed by other modules or routines, and an implementation, which is typically, but not always, private (accessible only to the module) and which contains the source code that actually implements the routines in the module. The term “module” may also refer to a self-contained component that can provide a complete function to a system and can be interchanged with other modules that perform similar functions.
Referring now to FIG. 2, an exemplary environment 205 for operations and devices according to some embodiments of the present invention will be discussed. As illustrated in FIG. 2, the environment 205 may include a communications/computing device 210, a data communications network 220, a first server 240, and a second server 245. It can be appreciated that additional servers may be utilized with respect to network 220. It can also be appreciated that in some embodiments, only a single server such as server 240 may be required. In general, the communications device 210 allows a user of the communications device 210 to view a macro-event and also bet on the micro-outcomes of various micro events (both discreet and cumulative) occurring during and within the macro-event utilizing bi-directional communications of the remote device 210 with one or more servers 240, 245, etc. over the data communications network 220.
As illustrated, the communications device 210 illustrated in FIG. 2 may include the wagering module or system 100 according to some embodiments of the present invention discussed above with respect to FIG. 1. For example, the application programs 154, discussed with respect to FIG. 1, could be included as part of the wagering system module 100 of the communications device 210. The communications device 210 may be, for example, a laptop computer, a desktop computer, a personal data assistant (PDA), Smartphone, a web capable mobile terminal, or any device capable of communicating with the network 220.
The communications device 210 may include, for example, a user interface 244, which may be used to enter wagers according to some embodiments of the present invention, and a web browser 215 that may be accessed through the user interface 244, according to some embodiments of the present invention. As discussed above, the wagering system module 100 may be configured to permit a user to place bets via the communications device 210. The first server 240 may include a database 230 and the second server 245 may include a database 235. The communications device 210 may communicate over the network 220, for example, the Internet, through a wireless communications link, an Ethernet connection, a telephone line, a digital subscriber link (DSL), a broadband cable link, or other wireless links, etc. The first and second servers 240 and 245 may also communicate over the network 220. Thus, the network 220 may convey data between the communications device 210 and the first and second servers 240 and 245. The network 220 can be, for example, a wireless communications network such as, for example, a cellular communications network or 802.11/WiFi network. The network 220 can also be a client-server network.
The remote computing device 210 can be, for example, a desktop computer, a laptop computer, a set-top box, or portable wireless handheld devices such as a Smartphone and/or PDA. The remote computing device 210 can also be, for example, a device such as an iPad type computing device.
 FIG. 3 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting logical operational steps of a method 300 for enabling one or more remote device users to wager on games in a data network access to a gaming environment, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. As indicated at block 302, an operation can be implemented to identify a micro-event with an event utilizing a remote computing device such as, for example, the remote computing/communications device 210 depicted in FIG. 2. Once the micro-event has been identified, then the micro-event (e.g., a player swinging a bat in the context of a particular inning of a baseball game) can be selected utilizing such a remote computing device, as described at block 304. Thereafter, as illustrated at block 306, a micro-bet (i.e., a wager, bet, etc.) can be placed with respect to the micro event through a network, such as network 220, utilizing the remote computing device 210. Data indicative of the micro-bet is transmitted from the remote computing device 210 for placement of the micro-bet via one or more servers (e.g., server 240, 245, etc.) in communication with the network 220.
In general, the method 300 depicted in FIG. 3 allows a user of the remote computing device 210 to wager on one or more micro-outcomes (discreet and cumulative) that result from the conduct of a macro-event via access to network servers 240 and/or 245, etc. over the data network 220.
 FIG. 4 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method 400 for authentication of a user of a remote computing device, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. As illustrated at block 402, a secure identification can be established to permit a user of the remote computing device 210 access to one or more of the servers 240, 245, etc. through the network 220 via the authentication module 124. Next, as depicted at block 404, the user/authorized party is provided with secure and remote access to one or more of the servers 240, 2405 etc. for placing bets via the remote computing device 210. The user of the remote computing device 210 can then actually enter his or her secure identification via the remote computing device 210 as described at block 406. Remote access can then be granted to the user if his or her identification information is confirmed, as depicted at block 408. Remote access can, to one or more of the servers 240, 245, etc. via the network 220, include, for example, access to statistics and event data, as indicated at block 410. Such information can be utilized by the user in consideration for placing his or her micro-bet with respect to a micro-event via the remote computing device 210.
Note that although bets/wagers can be placed by remote device users on the outcome of a macro-event anytime before or during, but before the conclusion of, a macro-event, the user(s) are not able to bet on micro-events outcomes or cumulative micro-outcomes occurring during and within the macro-event. The disclosed embodiments thus provide systems and methods for enabling of microbetting. Micro-events with micro-outcomes can occur several or more times, for example, during an overall sporting macro-event, or game or be calculated at the conclusion of segments of the macro event (e.g. quarters, halves, etc.) or the entire macro event. For example, each swing of a baseball bat by a baseball player in a professional baseball game is a micro-event that can itself be a part of, or contribute to, a micro-outcome. The micro-outcome in such a case is the result of the pitch or the overall at bat. A wager can be whether the pitch is a strike, a ball, or a walk. This might be the smallest possible micro-outcome at that moment in the macro-event.
Another type of micro-outcome that is larger than the outcome of a single pitch within the macro-event baseball game would be whether the player currently at bat, for example, walks, strikes out, is hit by a pitch, flies out, grounds out, hits a single, double, triple, home run or inside the park home run, reaches on a fielder's choice, or reaches on an error. A micro-outcome bet could even be placed that not only will the batter ground out, but that he will ground out to a particular fielder. Utilizing the approach described herein, micro-bets in baseball can be placed, for example, on cumulative micro-events such as how many errors a team will commit in a game, how many hits the team will have, how many pitchers they will use, etc. The only limitation would be that the micro-bet would have to be verifiable by reference to the macro-event's official statistics so that the dispute of a micro-outcome would have a neutral reference point. In an election macro-event, for example, the micro-outcomes eligible for micro-bets might be on the winner in an individual precinct, state, or other counted and reported area, the margin of victory, etc. Odds can be assigned to each of these potential outcomes either on a parimutuel or some other basis such as historical averages. Bets placed on a micro-event can be against the house or can be against other players participating in a social microgaming environment hosted by a server. The following non-limiting scenarios provide examples of micro-events. A number of scenarios are possible and any macro-event or series of events with official statistics tracking micro-outcomes within the macro-event are eligible for this system of gaming.
In one scenario, for example, Person X watches a football game in real time utilizing a remote computing device 210 and places a bet that the quarterback on football Team A will throw (micro-outcome) on the next play. The odds are given on the display based on pari-mutuel calculations based upon the micro-betting positions of other similarly situated users. The displayed odds are 3/2. Person X bets $1 and the quarterback does not attempt a pass. Person X's account is debited $1 and the balance in his account remains available to place another micro-bet on any micro-event, or micro-outcome that may follow. Person X then places a micro-bet that on the next play Team A will suffer an interception. Because of the micro-betting positions of other users, the odds of this outcome are displayed as 150/1. These actions continue throughout the game until the end of the macro-event (game) or Person X's account is empty of available betting funds. Micro-betting allows Person X to take positions counter to prior bets (betting a quarterback will throw 2 touchdown passes in one cumulative micro-bet and in another micro-betting he throws none), bet repeatedly on discreet micro-events' outcomes within the game and continuously “play” the macro-event with the participants through micro-betting both in real time or on micro-outcomes tracked by official statistics (e.g. how many catches a receiver will have in a game, how many penalties a team will suffer, how many rushing yards a back will gain, etc.). This level of participation means the player does not have to wait for long periods to track his/her progress in the event.
In another scenario, for example, Person Y places a bet utilizing remote computing device 210 on a particular player during a baseball game. For example, Person Y places a bet that a batter from Team A hits a home run during the game, a cumulative micro-bet. However, Person Y notices that the batter from Team B is playing well. Person Y is allowed to also place a bet on a batter from Team B since it has become obvious that during the game that particular batter is playing well and may score a home run. As long as the game is continuing and the odds are being updated, the micro-bets remain available. Another bet during a baseball game would be if Person Y places a bet on how many runs will be scored before each particular inning, or even in each inning. During the game Person Y is able to place multiple bets that do not rely on the overall score of the game, but components of the game such as a player's performance (e.g. hits, runs, RBI, errors, etc.).
In yet another scenario, for example, during a basketball game Person X places a bet via the remote computing device 210 on the amount of points a particular player will score, a cumulative micro-bet. As the game progresses Person X can place bets on other players. In addition to a player's performance, Person X can place a bet on the score of the game or developments in the game in general (whether a coach will receive a technical foul).
In still another scenario, for example, during a game of golf, Person Y places a bet on Golfer A who is predicted to win the tournament. However, on the very first hole Golfer A hits a triple bogey, as a result, Person Y decides to place a micro-bet that Golfer A will hit a shot out of bounds or that Golfer A will miss a 5′ putt.
Throughout the particular game in which bets are being placed, micro-betting via the remote computing device 210 allows the gambler to feel as if they're “in the game” and even after losing early bets can win their money back by placing different subsequent bets.
 FIG. 5 illustrates a block diagram of a wagering system 179 that includes the commitments or exchange of credits, coupons, or electronic cash for a microbet, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. As indicated in FIG. 5, the remote computing device 210 can communicate with network 220, which can also communicate with a coupon source 562. Thus, the computing device 210 can retrieve and store electronic coupons for use in wagering and placing micro-bets as disclosed herein. Note that the coupon source 562 can be configured as a web site from which coupon and credit data may be retrieved. Such a web site can be associated with a transaction broker 548 and/or a third-party provider 556 and/or a wagering manager 540. Note that the wagering manager 540 can be associated with or include the use of a coupon manager 542 and a credit manager 544. A security module 552 permits access and/or communications to the wagering manager 540. Similarly, a security module 557 permits access and/or communications with the third-party provider 556, which in turn can communicate with a provider database 558. A security module 536 can communicate with a transaction broker 548 that in turn includes or is associated with a user profile database 550.
Referring to FIG. 6, a video display screen 610 is shown integrated within a remote device 600. Ideally, the video display screen 610 can support the viewing of a macro-event activity 615 as well as micro event gaming data 617 on the video display screen 610. The video display screen can also be touch-sensitive to provide a touch screen interface for users to place bets when the remote device is a handheld device. With large screens associated with remote devices 600, macro-event video can be shown simultaneously with micro-bet wagering data such as tallies, histories, and pending micro-bets. As an example, a picture-in-picture display can enable simultaneous viewing of disparate data (macro-event video and wagering data).
It is an aspect of the disclosed invention that a video display on the remote device provide wagering data and input fields accessible by a remote device user and a user interface on the remote device enable user interaction with wagering input fields by a remote device user.
 FIG. 7 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method 700 for wagering, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. As illustrated at block 702, an operation can be implemented in which a macro-event such as a sporting event is analyzed and micro-events within the macro-event are analyzed for potential micro-bets. Note that a micro-event can be an event as “small” as, for example, the next pitch in a baseball game (i.e., the macro-event) is a strike or a ball (i.e. the micro-outcome), the player in a basketball game (i.e. the macro-event) makes a free throw (i.e. the micro-outcome), the next play in a football game (i.e. the macro-event) is a pass or run (i.e. the micro-outcome), or an individual participant reaches certain cumulative micro-outcomes (e.g. yards gained, passes completed, hits, points, etc.) in a set period during or at the end of the entire macro-event (e.g. baseball game, football game, etc).
Following processing of the operation depicted at block 704, potential micro-bets (e.g., an individual bet or a group of bets on one or more micro-outcomes) can be determined and each micro-bet is associated with a particular micro-outcome within the macro-event or with, for example, the cumulative performance of one or more participants in the macro-event (or segments of the macro-event). Thereafter, as described at block 706, the odds can be calculated with respect to each of the potential micro-bets determined (i.e., from block 704). Next, as depicted at block 708, the micro-outcome and/or the micro-event(s) can be displayed (e.g., a live video feed, video replay, etc.) via a display such as, for example, the video display screen 610 shown in FIG. 6, the user interface 244, etc. As indicated at block 708, the micro-bets (e.g., a series of potential micro-bets) can also be displayed via such a display and in association with such video of the macro-event and/or including the particular micro-events (discreet and/or cumulative) associated with respective micro-bets. Additionally, as illustrated at block 710, for each micro-bet, particular odds based on a set amount can be displayed via a display such as the display screen 610, the user interface 244, etc. Next, as indicated at block 712, a particular micro-bet and/or multiple micro-bets can be selected via, for example, a user interface such as, for example, the user interface 244.
Thereafter, as depicted at block 714 a test can be processed to determine if a selection of a micro-bet or a group of micro-bets has been made. If so, then as indicated at block 718, the micro-bet(s) can be automatically entered and processed via, for example, a server (e.g., server 240, server 245, etc.), and results then generated. If it is determined, however, that a selection has not been made, then as indicated at block 716, additional or alternative choices (e.g., other/new micro-bets associated with particular micro-outcomes) can be offered for selection.
Based on the foregoing, it is clear that a micro-outcome can result using discreet verifiable actions as small as whether the next pitch in a baseball game is a strike or ball, the player in a basketball game makes the free throw, the next play in a football game is a pass or run, the next play in a football game gains more or less than 5 yards, results in a fumble, interception or penalty, etc. Also, the user can be presented with a display via display screen of multiple choices of micro-bets, each of which displays the odds if he or she wins. For example, in a football game macro-event, the display screen 610 can display the game (e.g., video) and above that video, a series of potential micro-bets (e.g., pass, run, turnover, touchdown, gain 10+, gain less than 5, lose yards, sack, etc.).
For each potential micro-bet, the user can view his or her odds if the user bets $1, for example, or some other set amount. For instance, it might be 15 to 1 that an interception will be thrown, but 1 to 1 if it will be a running play. The user can “click” (i.e., select) the micro-bet or multiple micro-bets he or she desires, and as long as this bet is entered in the server (e.g., server 240, server 245, etc.) before the play is displayed, the user is “in the action” so to speak. If the player does not like any of those bets, he or she can click or hit a graphically displayed button displayed via the display screen and be given additional choices. The priority of available micro-bets can be established in several ways, including prioritizing based on the popularity of the bets with the current participants, the lowest or highest odds prioritized, the participants history, or customized to the participants preferences.
The disclosed embodiments thus relate to methods and systems for providing micro-bet options for each micro-event and a running tally thereof. For example, each play in a game provides an opportunity for a new set of micro-betting choices. The disclose embodiments are thus not focused on the concept of the user betting prior to the macro-event that a particular player will achieve some result (e.g. hit a home run during the game), but rather allows a user at any time during the game and prior to the micro-outcome that the micro-outcome will occur. In addition, the user can place a micro-bet that the batter currently up to the plate will hit a home run or a triple or a double or a single or walk or get hit by a pitch or reach on a passed ball or fly out or ground out. These real time micro-bets are available with real time parimutuel (or non-parimutuel) odds, as an at bat is a micro-event that will result in a micro-outcome that is objectively verifiable by reference to statistics kept by a neutral third party. The user literally can place, for example, hundreds of verifiable bets on micro-outcomes during a macro-event via such an approach.
There are already bets that can be placed before an event starts on game scores, scores after quarters, halftime scores, scores after a certain number of innings, etc. There are already bets available on whether, for example, a particular baseball player will hit a home run in a game. There are no bets available, however, where even after a macro-event starts a particular baseball player will hit a home run, much less a system where a bet can be placed in real time on whether a certain micro-outcome will occur during a specific at bat or even a particular pitch. This is a key difference between the disclosed embodiments and prior art implementations. The disclosed embodiments thus provide for a “bet/play as you watch, dynamic, parimutuel (or non-parimutuel) game” where each possible situation or micro-event in a larger game enables multiple betting options on micro-event outcomes even after the macro-event starts. Such an approach is outlined herein with respect to FIG. 8.
 FIG. 8 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method 800 for placing a micro-bet with respect to multiple betting options (e.g., parimutuel and/or non-parimutuel), in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. The operations indicated in FIG. 8 thus relate to a method 800 for micro-betting. As illustrated at block 802, an operation can be implemented for displaying video one or more macro-events via a display screen associated with and/or integrated with a remote computing device such as, for example, the remote computing device 210 discussed earlier herein.
Thereafter, as indicated at block 804, an operation can be implemented for identifying one or more micro-event within the macro-event or macro-events displayed via a display screen of, for example, the remote computing device 210. Next, as depicted at block 806, an operation can be implemented for generating multiple and parimutuel betting options with respect to varying micro-outcomes within the identified macro-event or macro-events. Note that although the discussion herein refers to “parimutuel betting”, it can be appreciated that non-parimutuel betting options can be implemented in accordance with alternative embodiments. Thereafter, as described at block 808, an operation can be implemented for placing via the remote computing device, one or more micro-bets among the multiple and parimutuel (or non-parimutuel) betting options with respect to the micro-outcomes (descrete and cumulative) via a data network in communication with the remote computing device.
Then, as depicted at block 810, the micro-bet or micro-bets can be transmitted from the remote computing device for placement via one or more servers (e.g., servers 240, 245, etc.) in communication with the network. Thereafter, as illustrated at block 812, an operation can be implemented for displaying the data indicative of the multiple and parimutuel (or non-parimutuel) betting options via the display screen of the remote computing device in association with the video of the macro-event or macro-events displayed via the display screen.
 FIG. 9 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting a method 900 for configuring a control function 901 (see FIGS. 10-11) for setting micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments.
 FIG. 10 illustrates a block diagram of the control function 901 for setting micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. Note that as indicated in FIG. 10, particular sub-modules (software modules) are shown with respect to the control function 901 (which is also preferably implemented as a software module). These sub-modules include, for example, a module 918 for setting when a micro-betting opportunity begins and a module 920 for designating when a micro-betting opportunity ends. Module 922 can “reset” a micro-betting opportunity as discussed further herein, and modules 924 and 926 respectively implement parimutuel or standard (e.g., non-parimutuel) betting. It can be appreciated, of course, that other types of sub-modules may be utilized in the context of control function 901 to provide other control functionalities.
 FIG. 11 illustrates a block diagram of application programs 154, including control function 901, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. Note that in a preferred embodiment, the application programs 154 shown in FIG. 11 can include, for example, the control function 901 (module), along with the modules 122, 124, 126, etc. as shown in FIG. 1.
As indicated at block 902 in FIG. 9, the overall process of method 900 begins. Then, as indicated at block 904, the control function 901 (e.g., a software module and/or a hardware module) can be established and then, as illustrated at block 906, the control function 901 can be configured to set when a micro-betting opportunity begins (e.g., module 918 in FIG. 10). Similarly, as depicted at block 908, the control function 901 can be configured to set when the micro-betting opportunity ends (e.g. module 920 in FIG. 10). Next, as illustrated at block 910, the control function 901 can be configured to include a reset operation (e.g., module 922 in FIG. 10). Then, as illustrated at block 912, the control function 901 can be configured to include selection of a betting type including, for example, parimutuel or standard betting operations (e.g., modules 924, 926 in FIG. 10).
For a micro-bet to take place, the control function 901 (or control mechanism) can be utilized to designate when a micro-betting opportunity begins and ends. For example, if one is betting in baseball on the outcome of a pitch, there has to be some way for the better to know when he or she can place the bet and when the bet is no longer available. One possible solution involves having a person controlling the availability of the betting by hitting a “reset” so that the current series of micro-bets are “set” and no more bets can be placed. This could involve an active human controller utilizing a control mechanism such as the control function 901.
In the aforementioned baseball example, there would be a series of bets offered for a certain situation such as an at bat. The series of bets would be, for example, “hit, ball, strike, error, hit by pitch, wild pitch, passed ball, foul ball, foul out, ground out, fly out, bunt, pick-off attempt, pick-off or walk.” These betting options can be displayed on a display screen and become available for selection via a “reset” by the human controller. When the pitcher becomes available, for example, the human controller can “hit” or select a graphically displayed “set” button, thereby freezing all bets. The outcome of that pitch micro-event occurs and a re-set button can be hit allowing the next set of micro-bets to become available.
For this type of micro-betting (e.g., what happens in an individual at bat on a per pitch basis), the action does not need to be parimutuel, though it can. Hence, as indicated in block 912 of FIG. 9, various types of betting schemes (e.g., parimutuel, non-parimutuel/standard, etc.) can be available. The particular type of event prediction can be accomplished by, for example, simply utilizing odds calculations and the house can therefore take the risk that someone gets lucky. The pricing of the bets can just be set via the control mechanism 901 so the odds are that in the long run, for example, the house will win.
Such features would find particularly useful application in the context of, for example, a casino sports book. A sports book manager or sports book personnel can, for example, sit in a sports book booth and control the availability of micro-betting on a game being televised in the sports book and the gamblers sit there and bet on every play as they watch. In some situations “little” booths may be in the sports book where a better can watch a game and on a screen next to it, micro-bets are constantly made available with respect to that game. The gambler or user thus watches on one screen and bets on the other.
 FIG. 12 illustrates a block diagram of a multiple display screen system 940, which can be utilized for placing micro-bets, in accordance with the disclosed embodiments. The multiple display screen system 940 can be implemented as a device or system which contains two display screens or display areas such as displays 942 and 944. Display screen 942 can display a micro-betting GUI 942 and display screen 944 can display live video (or non-live video) of a macro-event (or multiple macro-events). Note that although two display areas 942 and 944 are shown in FIG. 12, and together form a dual display screen system, it can be appreciated that multiple display screens may be implemented in accordance with alternative embodiments.
It may be a violation of NFL and other sports' copyrights to have the bets literally over-layed on the same screen as the available micro-bets. To overcome this possibility, the multiple graphic display system 940 can be implemented to provide for a graphic display of the bets that are synchronized to the televised game, but not on the same screen. Such a system can enable a better to watch the game on his or her television or computer, and then on another screen, either a picture in picture, dual windows or two different devices, and have his or her micro-betting opportunities appear for selection. One day the sporting leagues might allow micro-betting as an overlay, but until they do, the system 940 can be implemented, which allows the micro-betting GUI 942 to be simply synchronized to the macro-event itself (so people can bet while just listening), and synchronized to the video of the macro-event, but does not have to appear on the same screen.
 FIG. 13 illustrates a high-level flow chart of operations depicting logical operational steps of a method 950 for online competition and micro-bets, thereof in accordance with a the disclosed embodiments. Note that as utilized herein, the term “online” generally refers to being connected to a computer network or accessible by computer such as, for example, an “online database” or an “online community” or an “online social network”. Method 950 and systems thereof allow a group of people to play one another online for a “pot” as in, for example, video porker. In the “real world”, six, eight or ten people can sit at a poker table and gamble with one another. Utilizing the approach of method 950 and systems thereof, a set number of people can select to meet with one another online to compete on a macro-event using the micro-betting approach described herein.
For example, suppose that eight Dallas Cowboys fans would meet online to micro-bet while watching the Cowboys play the Redskins. The participants can pick a controller (set or rotating among them under some rule scheme), pick the micro-bets they wanted to make available (for all or part of the session, perhaps allowing the rotating controller to pick the micro-bets to be made available), and then play one another until some set end-point. The end-point can be, for example, when one person wins all of a pre-set pot, when the macro-event is over, or some other criteria to determine an end. This again would be appropriate for building an online community, for a casino sports book or the betters can enter a “controlled” game where the “house” is the controller and all of the players simply played the house, or the house controlled and took a vie on each round of bets in exchange of performing the controlling function for the participants. Note that the term “house” in this context refers generally to the management of a gambling house or casino.
Thus, as indicate at block 952, the process of method 950 begins. Next, as depicted at block 954, an operation can be implemented in which a particular number of players is allowed to meet online with one another. Examples of online meetings include those offered by Internet social networks and so forth. Thereafter, as illustrated at block 956, an operation can be implemented to select a particular macro-event for micro-betting via the micro-betting approach disclosed herein. Next, as described at block 958, the participants in the online meeting can select a controller (e.g., a human controller of the control function 901 described earlier) and/or control functions (e.g., control functions offered by the control function 901). Next, as depicted at block 960, an operation can be implemented to select micro-bets to be made available for micro-betting. Next, as illustrated at block 962, one or more micro-bets can be made online by one or more of the participants during the online game or competition until the end-point described earlier.
It will be understood that the circuits and other means supported by each block and combinations of blocks can be implemented by special purpose hardware, software or firmware operating on special or general-purpose data processors, or combinations thereof. It should also be noted that, in some alternative implementations, the operations noted in the blocks may occur out of the order noted in the figures. For example, two blocks shown in succession may, in fact, be executed substantially concurrently, or the blocks may sometimes be executed in the reverse order.
An option can be introduced to prevent cheating with respect to the disclosed embodiments. Such an option involves randomizing (or somewhat randomizing) available micro-bets. For example, in the context of an interactive Casino Sports Book, a number of terminals may be available for micro-betters to sit and watch the micro-event (e.g., a Cowboys vs. Redskins football game). In such a situation, the casino controller can hit “reset” after every micro-event to lock in the results of the prior micro-bets and also bring up a choice of new micro-bets. The controller, however, would have a choice of what micro-bets to offer the betters. The choice could be, for example, a set of defensive bets (e.g., tackle for loss, sack, interception, fumble, blocked kick, etc.) or offensive bets (e.g., run, pass, touchdown, etc.) or neutral bets (e.g., penalty, time out, injury stoppage, etc.). To keep a player (e.g., Tony Romo) from cheating with a micro-better (e.g., knowing he is going to pass on the 3rd play), the controller—either a person or a computer—can randomly change the selections of what micro-bets are available from play to play, or even do so non-randomly such as when the situation is 3rd and 8, make sure the micro-bets available are different from the last time the situation was third and 8. Thus, by changing the micro-bets available in a manner that the players and betters would not be able to predict takes almost any chance of cheating out of the game.
It will be appreciated that variations of the above-disclosed and other features and functions, or alternatives thereof, may be desirably combined into many other different systems or applications. For example, it can be appreciated that the betting approach disclosed herein does not have to be parimutuel, but can also be implemented as betting in which odds are set by a controller (e.g., sort of “house odds”). That is, “parimutuel” is just one particular betting approach, but not the only betting system or approach that can be utilized in accordance with the disclosed embodiments.
Also, that various presently unforeseen or unanticipated alternatives, modifications, variations or improvements therein may be subsequently made by those skilled in the art which are also intended to be encompassed by the following claims.

Patent CitationsCited PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS5687968 *Nov 22, 1995Nov 18, 1997Game Data, Inc.Wagering systemUS6508710 *Dec 27, 1999Jan 21, 2003Virtgame Corp.Gaming system with location verificationUS6527270 *Feb 13, 2001Mar 4, 2003Casino Advisory Services, Inc.Method of effecting multiple wagers on a sports or other eventUS6527638Dec 12, 1996Mar 4, 2003Walker Digital, LlcSecure improved remote gaming systemUS6692003 *Apr 18, 2001Feb 17, 2004Bruce H. PotterParlay side bet methodUS6935952Oct 17, 2002Aug 30, 2005Walker Digital, LlcMethod and apparatus for remote gamingUS6993499 *Nov 29, 2000Jan 31, 2006The Directv Group, Inc.Pay-TV billing, system activation, and E-commerce using a pay-TV receiverUS7209733Sep 25, 2001Apr 24, 2007Pay X Pda, LlcCredit manager method and systemUS7351149Nov 19, 2003Apr 1, 2008Burton SimonMulti-person parimutuel betting games based on determinate sporting eventsUS7607107 *Jun 18, 2003Oct 20, 2009The Directv Group, Inc.On-screen user interface deviceUS8057300Jan 12, 2010Nov 15, 2011Dbs Limited PartnershipMethod and system for providing real time sports betting informationUS8282488 *Oct 14, 2003Oct 9, 2012IgtMethod and apparatus for outputting a message at a game machineUS20020153656 *Feb 13, 2001Oct 24, 2002Maksymec Peter AlexMethod of effecting multiple wagers on a sports or other eventUS20020157099 *Jul 12, 2001Oct 24, 2002Schrader Joseph A.Enhanced television serviceUS20030157976 *Jan 23, 2001Aug 21, 2003Burton SimonMulti-person parimutuel betting games based on sporting eventsUS20040048656 *Jul 30, 2002Mar 11, 2004Joseph KrynickySystem and method for pari-mutuel wagering on sporting eventsUS20040166942 *Feb 25, 2004Aug 26, 2004Muir Robert LinleyDistributed game acceleratorUS20040268130 *May 2, 2002Dec 30, 2004Pretorius Albertus JacobusSystem and method of authenticating an articleUS20050055316 *Sep 4, 2003Mar 10, 2005Sun Microsystems, Inc.Method and apparatus having multiple identifiers for use in making transactionsUS20060148551 *Mar 10, 2006Jul 6, 2006Walker Jay SMethod and apparatus for outputting a message at a game machineUS20060172803Jan 9, 2006Aug 3, 2006Dow HardyMethod and apparatus for conducting event bettingUS20060287091Jun 13, 2006Dec 21, 2006Jay WalkerMethod and apparatus for facilitating game play and generating an authenticatable audit-trailUS20070060380 *Nov 10, 2006Mar 15, 2007The Score Line Channel, LlcFantasy sports television programming systems and methodsUS20070071025 *Oct 6, 2004Mar 29, 2007Telefonaktiebolaget Lm Ericsson (Publ)Mbms acknowledgements on rachUS20070082740 *Oct 11, 2006Apr 12, 2007Stearns William SSports gaming and entertainment networkUS20080039192Oct 17, 2006Feb 14, 2008Steven LautSystem and method for personal wageringUS20080076572Sep 8, 2006Mar 27, 2008Igt, Inc.Mobile gaming devices for use in a gaming network having gaming and non-gaming zonesUS20080220854Mar 8, 2007Sep 11, 2008Timothy Michael MidgleyMethod and apparatus for collecting user game play data and crediting users in an online gaming environmentUS20090325686 *Dec 24, 2008Dec 31, 2009IgtDistributed Side Wagering Methods and SystemsUS20110003634 *Mar 13, 2009Jan 6, 2011Manteris Arthur NSingle account multi-bookmaker odds comparison gaming event online wageringUS20110065494Sep 11, 2009Mar 17, 2011Nicholas KennedySports wagering exchange and method thereforUS20110177862 *Jan 15, 2010Jul 21, 2011Lee AmaitisElectrical computers and digital processing systems involving interprogram or interprocess communication regarding amusement devices and games* Cited by examinerNon-Patent CitationsReference1"pari-mutuel," Definition of pari-mutuel by the Free Online Dictionary, Thesaurus and Encyclopedia. The America Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition copyright 2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Updated in 2009. Piblished by Houghton Miffin Company. http://www.thefreedicitonary.com/pari-mutuel, printed Apr. 15, 2012, 3 pages.2 *"randomize." Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/randomize.3 *Eade et al., "Introduction to the Casino Entertainment Industry" Prentice Hall, 1997, pp. 131-132.4 *Kilby et al., "Casino Operations Management"John Wiley & Sons, Inc, 1998, p. 297.* Cited by examinerReferenced byCiting PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS9430909Apr 25, 2014Aug 30, 2016Micro-Gaming Ventures, LLCLocation-based wagering via remote devicesUS9483908Dec 12, 2014Nov 1, 2016Micro-Gaming Ventures, LLCMethods and systems for conducting a competition within a gaming environmentUS9589418Dec 28, 2015Mar 7, 2017Philip Paul GivantSpecialized slot machine for conducting a wagering game using real time or live action event contentUS20130244744 *Nov 12, 2012Sep 19, 2013Jack FonssSystematic control and processing to monitor and manage contestant entry dispersion of single and multiple session internet contests over the estimations and predictions of future eventsUS20130273994 *Apr 16, 2012Oct 17, 2013Sportzerry, Inc.Systems and methods for a combination lottery and fantasy sports league* Cited by examinerClassifications  U.S. Classification463/25, 463/29, 463/40International ClassificationG06F17/00Cooperative ClassificationG07F17/3288Legal EventsDateCodeEventDescriptionNov 10, 2015CCCertificate of correctionAug 5, 2016ASAssignmentOwner name: MICRO-GAMING VENTURES, LLC, TEXASFree format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNORS:SHORE, MICHAEL W.;CHAN, ALFONSO G.;ORTIZ, LUIS M.;AND OTHERS;REEL/FRAME:039357/0769Effective date: 20131212Jun 20, 2017FPAYFee paymentYear of fee payment: 4RotateOriginal ImageGoogle Home - Sitemap - USPTO Bulk Downloads - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - About Google Patents - Send FeedbackData provided by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services  


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC $183,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC $183,000 Financing
SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC just submitted form D announcing $183,000 financing.  This is a new filing. SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC was able to sell $183,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $183,000. The financing was made by 4 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $1,000. The financing document was filed on 2017-02-16. SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC is based in  PO BOX 171305  SALT LAKE CITY 84117. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  LLC Assure Fund Management.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


1691678




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2017


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2150 S. 1300 E. Suite 360

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84106
(801) 713-3508


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Assure Fund Management
LLC


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Issuer's Manager


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Johnson
Mateo


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Officer of the Issuer's Manager


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Neilson
Jeremy


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

PO Box 171305

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Salt Lake City
UTAH
84117



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Director of the Issuer's Manager
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


X
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2017-02-10

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$1,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$183,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$183,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
4


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$8,000

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
This amount represents a one-time fixed cost to cover fund organizational and operating expenses, including all regulatory filing fees.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC
Mateo Johnson
Mateo Johnson
Officer of the Issuer's Manager
2017-02-16


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-02-16New Form D$183,000$183,0000$1,000406b 3C.1[view]
SR SPV, a series of Abstract Ventures Special Opportunities, LLC List of ExecutivesJeremy Neilson, LLC Assure Fund Management, Mateo Johnson











Last visited: Zmags Corp., Zoli LLC, IndiePub Entertainment, Inc., Zweig DiMenna Natural Resources Ltd, Zweig-DiMenna Market Neutral LP

								© 
							
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Patent US7082426 - Content aggregation method and apparatus for an on-line product catalog - Google PatentsMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsPatentsThe method comprises processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product, correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of...https://www.google.com/patents/US7082426?utm_source=gb-gplus-sharePatent US7082426 - Content aggregation method and apparatus for an on-line product catalogAdvanced Patent SearchTry the new Google Patents, with machine-classified Google Scholar results, and Japanese and South Korean patents.Publication numberUS7082426 B2Publication typeGrantApplication numberUS 10/659,740Publication dateJul 25, 2006Filing dateSep 11, 2003Priority dateJun 18, 1993Fee statusPaidAlso published asEP1668538A2, EP1668538A4, US9177059, US20040143600, US20060242192, US20120233170, US20160019611, US20160063582, US20160086239, US20160086240, WO2005036306A2, WO2005036306A3Publication number10659740, 659740, US 7082426 B2, US 7082426B2, US-B2-7082426, US7082426 B2, US7082426B2InventorsTimothy Allen Musgrove, Robin Hiroko WalshOriginal AssigneeCnet Networks, Inc.Export CitationBiBTeX, EndNote, RefManPatent Citations (59), Non-Patent Citations (3), Referenced by (246), Classifications (34), Legal Events (7) External Links: USPTO, USPTO Assignment, EspacenetContent aggregation method and apparatus for an on-line product catalog
US 7082426 B2Abstract
The method comprises processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product, correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product, comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy, and determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group, creating product specifications based on the determined attributes and storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy.

Images(10)          Claims(100)
 
1. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
electronically comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
electronically parsing the product information records corresponding to each group to electronically determine attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records;
electronically generating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy.


  
2. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step includes determining which products referred to in said product information records are likely to be the same by comparing data strings associated with the products, and determining a common data string.

  
3. A method as recited in claim 2, wherein said data strings include at least one of manufacturer part numbers, model identifiers and uniform product codes.

  
4. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises comparing product names in the product information records and grouping together all products having a substantially similar product name.

  
5. A method as recited in claim 4, wherein said product names are compared without regard for differences in capitalization and punctuation.

  
6. A method as recited in claim 4, further comprising a second processing step wherein generic nouns associated with the products are parsed and ignored in determining the groups.

  
7. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises parsing selected adjectives and ignoring the selected adjectives in determining the groups.

  
8. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises considering prices in the product information records associated with the products.

  
9. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises considering synonym, hyernym and hyponym relationships in descriptions of the products in the product information records.

  
10. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises considering merchant coverage indicated in the product information records.

  
11. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step includes the steps of grouping said products into subgroups and/or super groups.

  
12. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing plural product information records includes ignoring minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
13. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising determining a product name for each identified product.

  
14. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising determining a product image for each identified product by selecting a most preferable product image from said product information records.

  
15. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein selection of said most preferable product image is based on at least one of size, type, quality, proportion, and source.

  
16. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising generating a description of each identified product at least in part from said determined attributes.

  
17. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises examining identification codes associated with each product information record by parsing identification codes present in the product information records and comparing said parsed identification codes to determine commonalities between them.

  
18. A method as recited in claim 17, wherein each product information record is examined more than once to determine a common identification code associated with each product.

  
19. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising the step of repeating said processing step after said comparison step, and then performing said comparison step again.

  
20. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said processing step comprises generating a crawler from a server to the product information sources.

  
21. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining allied products for at least one of the products.

  
22. The method as recited in claim 21, wherein said step of determining allied products comprises:
parsing at least one product information record corresponding to a product;
if there is a link in the product information record to related products, following the link to a related product information record;
reverse looking up references to the product in the related product information record; and
relating the related product in the related product information record to the product in the catalog.


  
23. The method of claim 1, further comprising aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources in a networked computer environment for processing using a crawler to visit the plurality of information sources.

  
24. The method of claim 23, further comprising gathering product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information from each of the plurality of sources via said crawler.

  
25. The method of claim 24, further comprising creating a catalog of products based on the product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information.

  
26. The method of claim 24, wherein said characteristic of said phrase includes at least one of frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, font color, collocation and co-occurrence of said phrase in each of said plurality of sources.

  
27. The method of claim 23, wherein the plurality of sources include at least one of a manufacturer's product specifications source, a product literature source, and a merchant's information source.

  
28. The method of claim 23, wherein said crawler includes a product literature crawler that gathers product phrase information from at least one of said manufacturer's product specifications source and said product literature source.

  
29. The method of claim 23, further comprising comparing said product phrase information to a categories of a taxonomy to determine product category of products described by the product phrase information.

  
30. The method of claim 23, further comprising determining allied products for at least one of the products.

  
31. The method as recited in claim 30, wherein said determining allied products comprises:
parsing at least one product information record corresponding to a product;
if there is a link in the product information record to related products, following the link to a related product information record;
reverse looking up references to the product in the related product information record; and
relating the related product in the related product information record to the product in the catalog.


  
32. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a uniciue product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy;
determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
creating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy;
wherein said determining step comprises:
scraping attribute values from plural product information records in a group and assigning a confidence rating to each scraped attribute value; and
merging the attribute values into a set of product specification attributes based on the confidence ratings.


  
33. The method as recited in claim 32, wherein said processing plural product information records includes ignoring minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
34. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
creating product specifications based on the determined attributes; storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy; and
determining a product name for each identified product;
wherein said step of determining a name comprises:
selecting the best name of multiple variant product names from product information records in a group;
cleansing the best name of superfluous and concatenated text; and
formatting the cleansed name into a product name that is of a predetermined style.


  
35. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy;
determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
creating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy; and
further comprising the steps of determining when an outcome of one or more of said processing, correlating, comparing and determining steps falls below a predetermined confidence level and flagging said outcome for further processing.


  
36. A method as recited in claim 35, wherein said flagged outcome is deferred and saved and re-processed when more product information sources become available.

  
37. A method as recited in claim 35, wherein said flagged outcome is moved to a processing tool for a manual operation.

  
38. The method as recited in claim 35, wherein said processing plural product information records includes ignoring minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
39. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a unique product ID corresponding to an identified product for each of said groups;
electronically comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy;
repeating the processing and correlating steps after performing the comparing step to revise which groups said plural product information records fall into;
electronically parsing the product information records corresponding to each group to determine attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records;
electronically generating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
storing the product specifications in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy.


  
40. A method as recited in claim 39, wherein said processing step includes determining which products referred to in said product information records are likely to be the same by comparing data strings associated with the products, and determining a common data string.

  
41. A method as recited in claim 40, wherein said data strings include at least one of manufacturer part numbers, model identifiers and uniform product codes.

  
42. A method as recited in claim 40, wherein said processing step comprises comparing product names in the product information records and grouping together all products having a substantially similar product name.

  
43. A method as recited in claim 39, wherein said comparing step includes the steps of examining the attributes and attribute value sets for each category, and examining actual product information records already classified in each category.

  
44. A method as recited in claim 39, wherein the correlating step assigns a different product ID to the same products of different colors.

  
45. The method of claim 39, further comprising determining allied products for at least one of the products.

  
46. The method as recited in claim 45, wherein said step of determining allied products comprises:
parsing at least one product information record corresponding to a product;
if there is a link in the product information record to related products, following the link to a related product information record;
reverse looking up references to the product in the related product information record; and
relating the related product in the related product information record to the product in the catalog.


  
47. The method as recited in claim 39, wherein said processing plural product information records includes ignoring minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
48. A method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information, said method comprising:
processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
correlating a unique product ID corresponding to an identified product for each of said groups;
comparing each identified product to categories of in a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy;
repeating the processing and correlating steps after performing the comparing step to revise which groups said plural product information records fall into;
determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
creating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
storing the product specifications in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy;
further including the steps of assigning a clustering confidence score to the grouping of information produced by the processing step, and a categorizing confidence score to the categories produced by the comparing step, and repeating said repetition step until said confidence scores stabilize.


  
49. A method as recited in claim 48, further including the step of flagging the outcome of one or both of the processing step and categorizing step when the confidence score associated with one or both steps falls below a predetermined minimum.

  
50. A method as recited in claim 49 wherein said flagged outcome is deferred and saved and re-processed when more product information sources become available.

  
51. A method as recited in claim 49, wherein said flagged outcome is moved to a processing tool for a manual operation.

  
52. A method of aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources in a networked computer environment comprising the steps of:
generating a crawler from a server interconnected to the network computer environment to visit the plurality of sources;
gathering product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information from each of the plurality of sources via said crawler;
grouping said product phrase information based on which product phrase information are likely to correspond to the same product and based on the characteristics of said product phrase information;
electronically parsing said grouped product phrase information to determine attributes for each product based on at least one of the product phrase information and the characteristics of said product phrase information; and
creating a catalog of products based on the determined attributes.


  
53. The method of claim 52, wherein said at least one characteristic of said phrase includes at least one of frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, font color, collocation and co-occurrence of said phrase in each of said plurality of sources.

  
54. The method of claim 53, wherein the plurality of sources include at least one of a manufacturer's product specifications source, a product literature source, and a merchant's information source.

  
55. The method of claim 52, wherein said crawler includes a product literature crawler that gathers product phrase information from at least one of said manufacturer's product specifications source and said product literature source.

  
56. The method of claim 52, further comprising the step of comparing said product phrase information to a categories of a taxonomy to determine product category of products described by the product phase information.

  
57. The method of claim 52, further comprising determining allied products for at least one of the products.

  
58. The method as recited in claim 57, wherein said step of determining allied products comprises:
parsing at least one product information record corresponding to a product;
if there is a link in the product information record to related products, following the link to a related product information record;
reverse looking up references to the product in the related product information record; and
relating the related product in the related product information record to the product in the catalog.


  
59. The method as recited in claim 52, wherein said grouping said product phrase information includes ignoring minor variances in product phrase information determined to be insignificant.

  
60. A system for creating a product catalog by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
means for processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
means for correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
means for electronically comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
means for electronically parsing the product information records corresponding to each group to electronically determine attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records;
means for electronically generating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
means for storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy.


  
61. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing includes means for determining which products referred to in said product information records are likely to be the same by comparing data strings associated with the products, and means for determining a common data string.

  
62. A system as recited in claim 61, wherein said data strings include at least one of manufacturer part numbers, model identifiers and uniform product codes.

  
63. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises comparing product names in the product information records and means for grouping together all products having a substantially similar product name.

  
64. A system as recited in claim 63, wherein said product names are compared without regard for differences in capitalization and punctuation.

  
65. A system as recited in claim 63, further comprising means for parsing generic nouns associated with the products and excluding the generic nouns from processing by said means for determining.

  
66. A system as recited in claim 60, further comprising means for parsing selected adjectives and excluding the selected adjectives form processing by said determining means.

  
67. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises means for considering prices in the product information records associated with the products.

  
68. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises means for considering synonym, hyernym and hyponym relationships in descriptions of the products in the product information records.

  
69. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises means for considering merchant coverage indicated in the product information records.

  
70. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises means for grouping said products into subgroups and/or super groups.

  
71. A system as recited in claim 60, further comprising means for determining a product name for each identified product.

  
72. A system as recited in claim 60, further comprising means for determining a product image for each identified product by selecting a most preferable product image from said product information records.

  
73. The system as recited in claim 72, wherein said means for determining a product image selects said most preferable product image based on at least one of size, type, quality, proportion, and source.

  
74. A system as recited in claim 60, further comprising means for generating a description of each identified product at least in part from said determined attributes.

  
75. A system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing comprises means for examining identification codes associated with each product information record by parsing identification codes present in the product information records and comparing said parsed identification codes to determine commonalities between them.

  
76. A system as recited in claim 75, wherein said means for examining examines each product information record more than once to determine a common identification code associated with each product.

  
77. The system of claim 60, further comprising means for determining allied products for at least one of the products.

  
78. The system as recited in claim 77, wherein said means for determining allied products comprises:
means for parsing at least one product information record corresponding to a product and if there is a link in the product information record to related products, following the link to a related product information record;
means for reverse looking up references to the product in the related product information record; and
means for relating the related product in the related product information record to the product in the catalog.


  
79. The system as recited in claim 60, wherein said means for processing plural product information records further ignores minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
80. The system of claim 60, further comprising a means for aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources in a networked computer environment.

  
81. The system of claim 80, further comprising means for generating a crawler from a server interconnected to the network computer environment to visit the plurality of sources.

  
82. The system of claim 81, further comprising a means for gathering product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information from each of the plurality of sources.

  
83. The system of claim 82, further comprising a means for creating a catalog of products based on the product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information.

  
84. The system of claim 80, wherein said characteristic of said phrase includes at least one of frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, font color, collocation and co-occurrence of said phrase in each of said plurality of sources.

  
85. The system of claim 80, wherein the plurality of sources include at least one of a manufacturer's product specifications source, a product literature source, and a merchant's information source.

  
86. The system of claim 85, wherein said crawler includes a product literature crawler that gathers product phrase information from at least one of said manufacturer's product specifications source and said product literature source.

  
87. The system of claim 80, further comprising the means for comparing said product phrase information to categories of a taxonomy to determine product category of products described by the product phrase information.

  
88. A system for creating a product catalog by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
means for processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
means for correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
means for comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
means for determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
means for creating product specifications based on the determined attributes; and
means for storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy;
wherein said means for determining comprises:
means for scraping attribute values from plural product information records in a group and assigning a confidence rating to each scraped attribute value; and
means for merging the attribute values into a set of product specification attributes based on the confidence ratings.


  
89. The system as recited in claim 88, wherein said means for processing plural product information records further ignores minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
90. A system for creating a product catalog by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
means for processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
means for correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
means for comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
means for determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
means for creating product specifications based on the determined attributes;
means for storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy; and
means for determining a product name for each identified product;
wherein said means for determining a name comprises:
means for selecting the best name of multiple variant product names from product information records in a group; and
means for cleansing the best name of superfluous and concatenated text; and
formatting the cleansed name into a product name that is of a predetermined style.


  
91. A system for creating a product catalog by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy, said method comprising:
means for processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product;
means for correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product;
means for comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy; and
means for determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group;
means for creating product specifications based on the determined attributes;
means for storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy; and
means for determining when an outcome of one or more of said processing, correlating, comparing and determining steps falls below a predetermined confidence level and flagging said outcome for further processing.


  
92. A system as recited in claim 91, wherein said flagged outcome is deferred and saved and re-processed when more product information sources become available.

  
93. A system as recited in claim 91, wherein said flagged outcome is moved to a processing tool for a manual operation.

  
94. The system as recited in claim 91, wherein said means for processing plural product information records further ignores minor variances in product information records determined to be insignificant.

  
95. A system for aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources in a networked computer environment of a comprising:
means for generating a crawler from a server interconnected to the network computer environment to visit the plurality of sources;
means for gathering product phrase information and characteristics of said product phrase information from each of the plurality of sources via said crawler; and
means for grouping said product phrase information based on which product phrase information are likely to correspond to the same product and the characteristics of said product phrase information;
means for electronically parsing said grouped product phrase information to determine attributes for each product based on at least one of the product phrase information and the characteristics of said product phrase information; and
means for creating a catalog of products based on the determined attributes.


  
96. The system of claim 95, wherein said at least one characteristic of said phrase includes at least one of frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, font color, collocation and co-occurrence of said phrase in each of said plurality of sources.

  
97. The system of claim 96, wherein the plurality of sources include at least one of a manufacturer's product specifications source, a product literature source, and a merchant's information source.

  
98. The system of claim 95, wherein said crawler includes a product literature crawler that gathers product phrase information from at least one of said manufacturer's product specifications source and said product literature source.

  
99. The system of claim 95, further comprising the means for comparing said product phrase information to a categories of a taxonomy to determine product category of products described by the product phase information.

  
100. The system as recited in claim 95, wherein said means for grouping said product phrase information further ignores minor variances in product phrase information determined to be insignificant.

 
Description
CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS
This application is a continuation in part of U.S. application Ser. No. 10/119,311 filed Apr. 10, 2002, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,714,933 which is a continuation-in-part of U.S. application Ser. No. 09/566,734, filed May 9, 2000 (U.S. Pat. No. 6,535,880 issued Mar. 18, 2003), the disclosures of which are incorporate herein by reference.
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to systems for creating catalogs of goods and services over a communications network. More specifically, the invention is directed to a method and system for aggregating content for an on-line catalog system.
2. Description of the Related Art
The Internet is a worldwide network of computers linked together by various hardware communication links all running a standard suite of protocols known as TCP/IP (transmission control protocol/Internet protocol). The growth of the Internet over the last decade has been explosive, fueled in the most part by the widespread use of software viewers known as browsers and HTTP (hypertext transfer protocol) which allow a simple GUI (graphical user interface) to be used to communicate over the Internet. Browsers generally reside on the computer used to access content on the Internet, i.e. the client computer. HTTP is a component of TCP/IP and provides users access to files of various formats using a standard page description language known as HTML (hypertext markup language), and more recently XML (extensible markup language) and XHTML (extensible hypertext markup language), a reformulation of HTML into XML. The collection of servers on the Internet using HTTP has become known as the “World Wide Web” or simply the “Web.”
As known and appreciated in the art, there are presently millions of Web pages with various content. Tools have been developed to allow the user to search these Web pages to obtain the various Web pages having the various content of interest. One way to locate the desired Web pages is to use a “search engine” which will search for Web pages having a particular keyword or key words. Search engines typically have three components: a crawler (such as a robot, bot or automated site searcher), an index, and a software program which presents the results of the search to the user. The crawler automatically “crawls” from Web server to Web server and the sites hosted therein to gather URLs and other information such as the text of the page that the search engine can use in the searches for keywords. When the information gathering by the crawler is completed, the information regarding the Web pages is stored in the search engine's databases and indexed. When a user seeking information from the Web types in a keyword(s) in a search field of the search engine, the search engine's software program then utilizes algorithmic functions and criteria to find keyword matches in the information stored in the databases. Some programs search all of the text of each page while other programs merely search the URLs and/or titles of the pages. The software program then sorts through the results of the search and provides a prioritized results to the user based on relevancy of the Web page. Various search engine software programs differ in their methods used for determining a Web page's relevancy. For example, the software may view the “meta tag” of the page, include a counter for counting the number of keyword occurrences on the text of the page, and/or consider the Web page's popularity as well as other factors such as whether the Webmaster of the Web page has made special arrangements to have the Web page displayed as a result of the search.
One of the primary applications of the Web has been shopping, i.e. the purchase of goods and services, i.e. products. Virtually every major commercial “bricks and mortar” merchant has established a Web site for the showcase and sale of their products. Further many manufacturers sell products directly over the Web. Finally, a plethora of on-line merchants, not previously existing in the bricks and mortar world, have come into existence. As a result, virtually every product is available for purchase over the Web from a plurality of merchants. This situation has increased the efficiency of markets by permitting shoppers to readily compare products and terms of sale from plural merchants without the need to travel physically to the merchant locations.
However, in order to compare products and terms of different merchants, one must “visit” the various merchant web sites individually. First, this requires knowledge of the URLs for each merchant Web site or the use of a search engine which can be cumbersome and inaccurate. It is possible to open the various sites in different browser windows for better comparison. However, the various formats of each merchant Web site render it tedious to compare products and terms directly. When a purchase decision is made, the purchase or purchases must be made through the individual merchant Web sites. Further, ordinarily the shopper is required to log in to each merchant Web site, by entering a username and password for example, prior to making a purchase and then proceed to the next site. For example, if the shopper decides to buy three items from three different merchants, three log in procedures and three buy procedures, i.e. procedures for effecting a purchase on the merchant Web sites, must be manually executed respectively through the three merchant Web sites and their proprietary interfaces.
It is well known to integrate a plurality of web sites into a single environment known as a “shopping portal.” Shopping portals ordinarily include a Web server presenting an integrated interface displaying plural products from various merchants. Accordingly, conventional shopping portals facilitate comparison shopping and thus increase market efficiency. In order to provide an integrated shopping experience, it is known to prepare a catalog of product offerings from various merchants organized in a taxonomy of product categories. However, since various merchants and other parties having product information records all store information in various data formats and layouts, collection of information for a product catalog is a tedious and labor intensive task requiring a great deal of manual operations.
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
An aspect of the invention is a method of creating a product catalog stored on computer readable media by aggregating product information from a plurality of product information sources having disparate formats for product information and storing the information in a taxonomy. The method comprises processing plural product information records from the product information sources into one or more groups based on which product information records are likely to correspond to the same product, correlating a unique product ID corresponding to the product associated with each of said groups to identify the product, comparing each identified product to categories of a taxonomy to determine a category for the identified products in the taxonomy, and determining attributes for each categorized product based on the product information records corresponding to each group, creating product specifications based on the determined attributes and storing the product specification in the corresponding determined categories of the taxonomy.

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWING
The invention is described through a preferred embodiment and the attached drawings in which:
 FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a computer architecture in accordance with the preferred embodiment of the invention including a plurality of manufacturers' servers;
 FIG. 2 is a block diagram of a portion of the architecture of FIG. 1 schematically illustrating the communication channel connections for an automated purchase procedure;
 FIG. 3 is a block diagram of the cookie handling procedure of the preferred embodiment;
 FIG. 4 is a schematic representation of the internal automated purchase procedure of the shopping server of the preferred embodiment.
 FIG. 5 is a block diagram of a method in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention for processing the gathered product property information from the plurality of manufacturers' servers;
 FIG. 6 is a block diagram of a method in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention for validating the product offerings of on-line merchants and for creating a new product record based on the determined product properties.
 FIG. 7 is a schematic illustration of a catalog taxonomy of the preferred embodiment;
 FIG. 8 is a schematic illustration of a property definition tool of another preferred embodiment; and
 FIG. 9 is a flowchart of the operation of the property definition tool of FIG. 8.

DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT
A preferred embodiment of a computer architecture for providing an integrated on-line shopping experience and product catalog generation is illustrated in FIG. 1. Commerce system 10 includes client computer 12 executing browser application 14 that supports the HTTP protocol. Client computer 12 is connected, typically through an ISP (Internet Service Provider), to Internet 100 serving as a communication channel. For example, client computer system 12 can be coupled to the ISP via a conventional dial up connection using a modem or through a broadband connection such as ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network), a cable modem, or a DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) connection. Shopping server 20 is also coupled to Internet 100 in a known manner. Shopping server 20 executes a Web server control application 22, known as an HTTP server application, stored in a memory device. For example, public domain web server software applications from NCSA or APACHE can be used. Shopping server 20 also executes agent server control application 24, (the function of which is described in detail below) utilizing a secure connection for privacy.
A plurality of merchant servers 40 provide on-line shopping using conventional commerce server control applications, i.e. software that runs some of the main functions of an online storefront such as product display, online ordering, and inventory management. Merchant servers 40 and commerce server software are well known and thus are not described in detail herein. Further, merchant servers 40 can store product information records including information about product offerings.
In the preferred embodiment, each of client computer 12, shopping server 20, and merchant servers 40 are capable of communicating using a secure connection protocol, such as SSL or S-HTTP. For clarity, non secure connections 30 and secure connections 32 are illustrated separately. However, typically, these connections will be effected over the same physical connection or communication channel, such as Internet 100. Further, shopping server 20 and merchant servers 40 can have many Web pages stored in memory devices thereof as files in HTML format and/or other formats. Shopping server 20 also includes product catalog 26 and shopper database 28 stored in a memory device thereof as described in detail below.
Client computer 12 can request a display of a Web page stored on shopping server 20 by issuing a URL request through Internet 100 to shopping server 20. For example, a user of client computer 12, i.e. a shopper, can select a product, or plural products, for purchase by navigating Web pages stored on shopping server 20 and populated with product information from product catalog 26. Product catalog 26 can be in the form of a database and can include product descriptions, pricing and other product information for plural merchants and culled from merchant servers 40 using automated Web crawlers as described in detail below. The product information in product catalog 26 should be updated periodically to correspond with current product information on merchant servers 40. However, as will become apparent below, the product information need not be updated in real time.
The product information from product catalog 26 can be searched and displayed by product type, part numbers, price, keywords, or product features in any desirable manner using an interface of shopping server 20 as presented to the shopper by browser application 14 on client computer 12. The product information in product catalog 26 relating to products from plural merchant servers 40 can be displayed side by side in the browser window of client computer 12 to permit the shopper to comparison shop and choose products from any one or more of merchant servers 40 based on the product information. For example, the user may search for all instances of a particular item by product name or part number and may select for purchase the instance from the merchant having the lowest price. Upon logging in to shopping server 20, by entering a username and user id as identification data for example, a user can be identified and thus can avoid the need for reentering previously registered data and preferences.
 FIG. 2 schematically illustrates the communications channel connections of the preferred embodiment during an automated purchasing procedure. For the sake of clarity, the remaining description refers generally to only one merchant server 40. However, it should be understood that the procedure described below can be accomplished for plural products from plural merchant servers 40. When a user selects a product for purchase, by clicking on a “buy” button for example, secure connection 32 is established between client computer 12 and agent server application 24 of shopping server 20. Agent server application 24 then opens parallel secure connection 32 with the commerce server application of merchant server 40. Secure connections 32 are illustrated as direct connections between computers for clarity. However, it should be understood that secure connections 32 can be SSL connections over Internet 100 or any other type of communication channel.
Also, as illustrated in FIG. 2, first “cookie” 29 (i.e. a file containing information, such as identification information, to be used by a server) is established on shopping server 20 and second cookie 18 is established on client computer 12. First cookie 29 allows merchant server 40 to track status of its order acceptance process and second cookie 18 allows shopping server 20 to track status of its order placement process. With reference to FIG. 3, first cookie 29 contains information identifying the order acceptance session between shopping server 20 and merchant server 40, i.e. a merchant session ID. The identifying information can be any character string or code by which merchant server 40 can identify the order acceptance session. Similarly, second cookie 18 contains a “nonce” (i.e. a one-time random string), or other information identifying the order placement session between client computer 12 and shopping server 20. Shopping server 20 maintains record 55, such as a database or a lookup table, that associates the nonce of second cookie 18 with the corresponding transaction record 54 (see description of FIG. 4 below), by pointing to the transaction record 54 for example. Changes in transaction reporting from merchant server 40 are recorded in transaction record 54 because the two are synchronized by virtue of pointers from the nonces to transaction record 54. Transaction record 54 also contains the corresponding merchant session ID. Accordingly, when the shopper resumes an idle session, such as by confirming an order through client computer 12, shopping server 20 examines second cookie 18 and identifies the corresponding order placement session and status and is thus able to resume the session in a secure manner. Further, shopping server 20 will locate the corresponding first cookie 29 and present it to merchant server 40 to resume the corresponding order acceptance session.
Keep in mind that there typically are a plurality of order placement and corresponding order acceptance sessions occurring simultaneously. The cookie management procedure described above allows all sessions to be correlated properly and thus permits a seamless shopping experience. Shopping server 20 uses information stored in shopper database 28 to act on the shopper's behalf during execution of a buy procedure of merchant server 40. Shopper database 28 can include any appropriate information about registered shoppers, such as their name, address, shopping preferences, credit card numbers, merchant account information (such as a username and user id for the shopper at each particular merchant), and the like. Of course all data in shopper database 28 can be collected during a registration procedure and encrypted for security in a known manner.
 FIG. 4 illustrates the purchase procedure, i.e. the function of agent server 24, of shopping server 20 in greater detail. Keep in mind that the purchase procedure ordinarily begins after the shopper has logged in to shopping server 20 or otherwise identified themselves uniquely. The first phase of the purchase procedure permits the shopper to search products in catalog 26, browse for products in various ways, and select one or more products for purchase from one or more merchant servers 40. After logging in, main process 50 of agent server control application 24 generates buy form 52 for display to the shopper. In the event that the shopper desires to change information in buy form 52 for the current purchase procedure, the shopper can merely edit buy form 52. For example, the shopper may wish to change the shipping address or shipment method. Of course, the shopper profile can be edited to change the default shopper information in shopper database 28. Buy form 52 is automatically pre-filled with default shopper information corresponding to the shopper if such information exists as a shopper profile in shopper database 28. If such information does not exist for the shopper, the shopper can be prompted to enter the information and the information can be used in the current purchase procedure. Main process 52 also creates transaction record 54 which keeps track of all transaction information, including transaction status, for the current transaction procedure (such as credit card information, billing addresses, and the like from shopper database 28 and merchant SKUs of selected products, shipping options, and the like from product catalog 26).
Also, main process 50 spawns buy process 56 and points buy process 56 to the corresponding transaction record. As the shopper selects various products and options using the browser interface of client computer 12, transaction record 54 is updated. Note that, at any given time, there can be plural purchase procedures for plural shoppers each having a respective buy process 56 and corresponding transaction record 54. Buy process 56 will continue to run in parallel with main process 50 until the purchase procedure is completed. Buy process 56 continually updates transaction record 54 based on shopper selections. Meanwhile, main process 50 polls transaction record 54 for updated status. In this manner, main process 50 is updated with the status of each purchase procedure.
When the first phase of the purchase procedure is complete, i.e. the shopper has selected all desired products and options from all desired merchants, main process 50 presents confirmation page 58 to the shopper, through the browser interface of client computer system 12, for verification of an order by the shopper. Confirmation page 58 is generated by communication between shopping server computer system 20 and the appropriate merchant server 40 using secure connection 32 between shopping server computer system 20 and the appropriate merchant server 40. In particular, shopping server computer system 20 uses the information in transaction record 54 to verify pricing information, shipping information, and other details of the desired purchase with merchant server 40 by automatically going to each merchant checkout page, or other information page, and retrieving the updated information. Buy procedures of merchant server 40 are integrated into buy processes of shopping server 20 to allow buy process 56 to automatically navigate merchant server 40. Back end test scripts or the like can be used to determine the particular buy procedure steps of merchant server 40.
If account information for a particular merchant exists for the shopper in shopper database 28, that account information is used when executing the buy procedures with the merchant server 40. If not, a new account is created for the shopper with the merchant and the account information is stored in shopper database 28 for subsequent use. Since shopping server 20 uses merchant account information that corresponds to the shopper, the shopper can retain preferred buyer points and other benefits and discounts as if shopping directly at merchant server 40.
Keep in mind that, in the preferred embodiment, up to the time of generating confirmation page 58 communication has been between client computer system 12 and shopping server 20 using information from product catalog 26, which might not be entirely updated due to the fluid state of on-line commerce. Accordingly, confirmation page 58 includes real-time pricing and shipping information obtained from merchant server 40 for each selected product in transaction record 54. Upon receiving shopper confirmation of the order summarized in confirmation page 58, all transaction information in transaction record 54 is saved and second cookie 18 is saved to allow the procedure to restart later on with the same user session. Buy process 56 remains idle while waiting for the shopper to confirm the order by selecting a button on confirmation page 58 or taking other action.
In the second phase of the purchase procedure, the purchase transaction is completed. In particular, second cookie 18 is used to resume the previous user session on merchant server 40. Subsequently, the order is executed on merchant server 40 using information in transaction record 54 to run a buy procedure and thus execute a buy process, on merchant server 40. The order is then confirmed on shopping server 20, transaction record 54 is updated and receipt page 60 is generated showing the transaction information and confirmation numbers and the like from merchant server 40. Once again, it is important to note that products can be selected from plural merchant servers 40 and, in such a case, plural buy procedures will be executed and confirmed on the respective merchant servers 40 using the appropriate shopper account information automatically for each merchant server 40.
It can be seen that the purchase procedure discussed above permits shopping server 20 to act on as an agent behalf of the shopper in interactions with merchant servers 40. However, some merchants do not feel comfortable with shoppers using an agent Web site. In particular, many merchants rely on advertising, affiliate programs, and the like in their business model and thus can only accomplish their business objective if the shopper “visits”, i.e. directly views, their Web site and its buy pages in particular during shopping. Accordingly, a proxy server mode of shopping server 20 can be used to offer many of the advantages of the integrated purchasing procedure disclosed above, while satisfying vendors that desire to have the shopper visit their Web site buy pages.
Internet proxy servers are well known. The phrase “proxy server” refers generally to a server that sits between a client application, such as a Web browser, and a Web server to intercept requests. The proxy server then serves up substantially the same content as the Web server to which the request was directed while also performing an auxiliary function such as filtering data, monitoring data, or serving up a cached copy of the Web page. In the preferred embodiment, this general concept is expanded and applied to an integrated shopping environment. In proxy server mode, parallel secure connections 32 are set up between client computer and shopping server 20 and between shopping server 20 and merchant server 40, as illustrated in FIG. 2. The first phase of the purchase procedure is accomplished in the same manner as described above with respect to the standard mode. To utilize proxy server mode, merchant database 28 preferably includes form maps for mapping fields in the order forms of merchant server 40 to fields in shopper database 26. An external editing tool can be provided to develop the form maps in a known manner. For example, the editing tool can be configured to read the HTML forms and parse out the data fields. These data fields can then be correlated to corresponding fields in custom database 28.
During the second phase of the purchasing procedure, when client computer 12 requests a Web page from merchant server 40, shopping server 20 (in proxy server mode) handles the request and filters out the HREFs, i.e. HTML document references, and POSTs, i.e. HTML form submissions, to point to shopping server 20 instead of merchant server 40. When merchant server 40 sends a blank form to client server 12, the form is intercepted by shopping server 20 and the form is filled out with information from shopper database 26. When client computer 12 posts a form back to merchant server 40, shopping server 20 reproduces the post keeping intact all changes in the form content made by the shopper. First cookie 29 and the second cookie 18 track the sessions as described above.
In proxy server mode, when the shopper selects a buy button from confirmed page 58 or another page displayed on client computer 12, the shopping cart page, or other buy page, of merchant server 40 is displayed. The shopper manually executes the buy procedure of merchant sever 40 using the interface of merchant server 40 as displayed on client computer 12. This manual procedure is accomplished for each merchant server 40 requiring the proxy mode. Accordingly, in proxy server mode, the shopper views all the buy pages and executes the buy procedures on merchant server 40. However, shopping server 20 mediates and assists in filling out forms. Other aspects of the purchase procedure using proxy server mode can be similar to the purchase procedure described above without proxy server mode.
The invention facilitates on-line commerce by permitting an integrated buying experience from plural merchants. The invention can be implemented over any type of communications channel, such as the Internet, a local area network (LAN), a wide area network (WAN), direct computer connections, or the like, using any type of communication hardware and protocols. Any type of hardware or combination of hardware can be used for the various clients and servers. Accordingly, the term “computer” as used herein, refers to any type of computing device or data terminal, such as a personal computer, a portable computer, a dumb terminal, a thin client, a hand held device, a wireless phone, or any combination of such devices. The various clients and servers can be a single computer at a single location or multiple computers at a single or multiple locations. For example a server may be comprised of a plurality of redundant computers disposed in co-location facilities at various locations to facilitate scalability. Any appropriate server or client software can be used and any communication protocols can be used. Communication can be accomplished over electric cable, fiber optic cable, any other cable, or in a wireless manner using radio frequency, infrared, or other technologies. Any interface can be used for selecting products for purchase. The various information can be stored in any format and thus the term “database” as used herein refers to any collection of information such as a database file, a lookup table, or the like.
As noted, product catalog 26 can include product descriptions, pricing, delivery dates, and other product information for plural merchants. Such product information may be culled from product information records of various sources by using automated crawlers as described below and updated periodically to correspond with current products available on merchant servers 40. The term “crawler” as used herein refers to any software that performs searches of content over a network and can include “bots”, “robots”, “automated site searchers” and the like. Referring again to FIG. 1, commerce system 10 includes client computer 12 executing browser application 14 and shopping server 20 which executes agent server control application 24, client computer 12 and shopping server 20 being connected to Internet 100 which serves as a communication channel. In addition, in the preferred embodiment, plurality of manufacturer's servers 44 are also connected to Internet 100 via non secure connections 30. In this regard, shopping server 20 may be used to aggregate product information from a plurality of sources connected to Internet 100 regarding products of a product category and store the aggregated information in product catalog 26 in the form of a taxonomy. However, it should be noted that the aggregation of product information may be attained using a computer that is separate from the computer running agent server central application 24 and the resulting information can be made available to the computer running agent server central application 24.
 FIG. 7 illustrates an example of taxonomy 700 of product catalog 26. Taxonomy 700 includes 1st tier categories 714, 2nd tier categories 716, 3rd tier categories 720, and product specs, i.e., specifications, 718 and 722. Note that taxonomy 700 is defined by a tree-like structure in which categories include attributes that define a spec for products within the categories. Product spec 718 and 722 inherit the attributes of the parent category and can include values for the attributes and applicable units of measure.
The plurality of sources may include a plurality of merchants' information sources and manufacturers' product specification sources that are hosted in merchants' servers 40 and manufacturer's servers 44 respectively. It should be appreciated that in the preferred embodiment, the plurality of merchants' information sources are merchants' Web pages 42 and the manufacturers' product specification sources are manufacturers' product specification Web pages 46. Additional sources of product information records can be various product literature sources which may be product literature Web pages that review and provide additional information regarding a product or products of a product category. In fact, the manufacturers' product specification sources can be considered to be merely a subset of the product literature sources. Also, when manufacturer's sell products directly over Internet 100, manufacturer's servers 44 are one in the same as merchant's servers 40.
In accordance with the preferred embodiment, the shopping server 20 is operative to provide at least one crawler for visiting the plurality of sources hosted by, for example, merchants' servers 40 and manufacturer's servers 44 to aggregate product information from these plurality of sources regarding various products of a product category. The crawler may include product literature crawler 72 that gathers product phrase information from the manufacturer's product specifications Web pages hosted by manufacturer's server 44. The crawler may also include product offerings crawler 74 that gathers product phrase information and pricing information of each of the products in the product category from the merchant's Web pages hosted by merchant's servers 40. Of course, it should also be noted that product literature crawler 72 may also visit merchant's Web pages and product offerings crawler 74 may also visit manufacturer's product specifications Web pages. Moreover, a single crawler may be provided to perform the functions of both product literature crawler 72 as well as product offerings crawler 74. Any type of number of crawler can be used.
In the preferred embodiment, product literature crawler 72 and/or product offerings crawler 74 may gather information form product catalog 26 regarding a manufacturer's identity and product model, as well as the product phrase information which preferably includes a phrase and at least one characteristic of the phrase from each of the plurality of sources by utilizing computational linguistics. It should be understood that the term “phrase” which is gathered by crawlers 72 and 74 refers to an alpha-numeric character string or strings present in a source such as manufacturer's product specifications Web pages 46, merchant's Web pages 42, and/or product literature Web pages (not shown). The term “characteristic” refers to some attribute of the alpha-numeric character string in the Web page. For instance, the characteristic of the phrase may be its frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, and font color of the phrase in the Web page as well as the frequency of collocation (phrases immediately next to each other) and co-occurrence of phrases (phrases within a predetermined words of each other). Moreover, the term “computational linguistics” is used herein to refer to a cross-disciplinary field of modeling of language utilizing computational analysis to process language data such as any of the above noted characteristics of the phrase. In the preferred embodiment, crawlers 72 and 74 and the computational linguistics used thereby are software programs designed to execute the functions described. Thus, by utilizing computational linguistics, product literature crawler 72 and/or product offerings crawler 74 gathers product phrase information which may be processed and used in the manner described below.
In accordance with the above discussion, FIG. 5 illustrates the method of the preferred embodiment of the present invention where product literature crawler 72 obtains product phrase information utilizing computational linguistics module 75. The obtained product phrase information (i.e. the phrase and the characteristic of the phrase) are then stored in product phrase database 76 for further analysis. Commerce system 10 of FIG. 1, via shopping server 20 or by other means such as another computer/server, is operable to further analyze the product phrase information using statistical analysis module 78 to thereby provide a ranking of the product phrases in any given product category. These ranked product phrases will typically represent commonly found product properties of a given product or product category and are also stored in the product phrase database 76.
In addition, as will be described in farther detail below, the preferred embodiment of the present invention utilizes property definition tool 80 to analyze the stored product phrase information to thereby determine whether each of the product phrase information in product phrase database 76 is in fact a product property. It should be understood that the term “product property” or “product properties” can be a word, number, phrase, or combination thereof, that descriptively characterizes the product or product category. Property definition tool 80 of the preferred embodiment is a software algorithm, running on shopping server 20 or another device, illustrated as steps in FIG. 5.
Thus, for example, product literature crawler 72 may examine the content of Web page 46 of manufacturer's server 44 such as a computer manufacturer (or other server having a product literature source) to obtain product phrase information provided on the Web page including the phrase and the characteristic(s) of the phrase as well as information provided in the Web page's URL address and any meta tags. This product phrase information can then be stored in product phrase database 76 for further analysis. In this example, the computer manufacturer's home Web page will likely have a meta tag including the phrase “computer” as well as the phrase “computer” throughout its home Web page which may or may not have special characteristics such as formatting and positioning which distinguishes the phrase from the remainder of the text on the Web page. Because of the use of computational linguistics module 75, product literature crawler 72 is able to recognize and obtain such information regarding the phrase “computer” such as its presence in the home Web page's meta tag, frequency in its home Web page, and its other special characteristics to thereby statistically discern that the home Web pages relates to computers and that the Web pages linked to the home Web page will also likely relate to computers and consequently, determine that this phrase is a product property, in particular, a product category.
More preferably, product literature crawler 72 may also crawl through a substantial portion of the linked Web pages prior to determining whether the phrase is a product property to ensure accurate determination. For instance, product literature crawler 72 may crawl through the plurality of Web pages linked to the home Web page to gather product phrase information and in the present example, will further likely identify presence of the phrase “computer” as well as other phrases known to be associated with a given product category such as phrases “Mb RAM” which is a collocated phrase, “MHz”, “floppy”, and/or “Gb”, etc. Based on analysis of the frequency and characteristics of such phrases by statistical analysis module 78, the phrase “computer” can be determined to be a product property that defines a product category. In this regard, separate category database 79 may be provided with various product categories and the likely associated key word phrases which may be cross referenced to ensure the accuracy of the product category determination. Furthermore, in addition to, or as an alternative to category database 79, a human verification process may be provided to further ensure accuracy of the product category determination.
In addition, the plurality of Web pages linked to the home Web page will also typically include alpha-numeric character strings, i.e., data strings, that identify other important characteristics of the product or product category. Again, it should be noted that such significant character string will often be distinguished from the remaining text of the Web page by its location on the Web page, formatting or other characteristic of the character string. For instance, the character strings may be positioned near the top or the left hand side of the Web page and have a larger font size than most of the other character strings on the Web page. In this regard, such significant character strings may have a prominent font size, font style (such as bold), or font effects (such as italicizing and/or underlining), etc. Referring to the present examples of computers, important attributes/characteristics of computers such as its speed and capacity are likely to be indicated by a numeric string followed by phrases such as “Mb RAM”, “MHz”, “Gb”, etc. Because of the use of computation linguistics module 75, product literature crawler 72 is able to recognize and obtain the phrase and characteristic(s) of the phrase, such as its frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, font color, collocation or co-occurrence as product phrase information. Such information can be retained in product phrase database 76 and statistical analysis module 78 can then be used provide a ranking of the phrases in any given product category and also stored in product phrase database 76. In particular, statistical analysis module 78 will recognize that a particular phrase was emphasized by the presence of one or more characteristic(s) and consequently, provide a higher ranking for the particular phrase than other phrases that do not have a characteristic associated with it.
In the preferred embodiment of the illustrated invention, the ranked listing of the phrases in product phrase database 76 can then be further analyzed by property definition tool 80 to determine whether the phrases in the product phrase information are in fact relevant product properties that descriptively characterize the product or product category. It should be noted that, preferably, property definition tool 80 is executed by a human editor so that common sense judgments can be made relative to the ranked phrases which were generated utilizing a computer and statistical analysis module 78. However, a computer or other logic device may be used to automate/semi-automate the function of property definition tool 80.
As can be seen in FIG. 5, the determination of whether the phrases in the product phrase information are product properties is executed in step 81, preferably by a human editor. If the phrase is determined to be not a relevant product property, the phrase and the product phrase information is discarded and the next phrase is analyzed. If the phrase is determined to be a product property (i.e. the phrase descriptively characterizes the product or product category), a determination is made as to whether the phrase is a numeric character string as shown in step 82. For instance, in our example of computers, exemplary numeric phrases would be the numbers quantifying RAM, hard drive capacity, processor speed, etc. If the phrase is numeric, a range and interval may be entered if appropriate and recorded for the corresponding numeric phrase in step 84. For instance, relative to RAM, the computer model may be available with 32, 64, 96 or 128 Mb of RAM. In this case, the range would be 32 to 128 Mb and the interval would be 32 Mb.
Then, a determination is made as to whether the numeric phrase is evaluative as shown in step 86, i.e. the numeric phrase is indicative of a quality of the product and/or impacts the desirability of the product. As can be readily appreciated, the number associated with RAM is evaluative because the amount of RAM directly impacts the capacity and desirability of the computer. If the numeric phrase is evaluative, the direction of evaluation is determined as shown in step 88, i.e. whether a higher value is better or a lower value is better. Again, referring to our example, computers with a higher amount of RAM are more desirable than computers with less RAM and thus, a higher value is better and the direction of evaluation is better as the numeric phrase value increases. The direction can be determined manually by a human editor or automatically via a computer or other device by correlation to price for example. Of course, in certain product properties that are numeric and evaluative, a lower value may be better. For instance, a lower value in the weight of a notebook computer would be more desirable than a higher value. Correspondingly, the direction of evaluation facilitates ranking of each of the phrases as shown in step 89. Thus, the numeric phrase “32” would be ranked lower than “64” etc. at least with respect to the product property of RAM. If the numeric phrase is not evaluative, the human editor may enter a ranking for the numeric phrase based on his/her product knowledge and experience in step 89 and the next phrase may be analyzed. Of course, because such a numeric phrase is not evaluative, the ranking for the phrase will likely be low as compared to evaluative numeric phrases.
Referring to the above step 82, if the phrase is not numeric, a determination is made whether the phrase is discrete in step 83 and the enumerated value names for discrete phrase is entered in step 85. For instance, relative to the present example, the phrases “CD-ROM”, “CD-R” and “CD-RW” are all discrete phrases that are also properties of a computer. It is then determined whether the discrete phrase is evaluative in step 86. As can be appreciated, these discrete phrases are evaluative in that they are indicative of a quality of the product and/or impact the desirability of the product since each of these CD memory devices provide different level of functionality to the computer as known in the computer arts. In this regard, property definition tool 80 then enters the direction of evaluation as shown in step 88 and enters the ranking of the discrete phrases and correspondingly ranks the products as shown in step 89. In the present example, the phrases “CD-ROM”, “CD-R” and “CD-RW” are in the order of desirability in a computer as appreciated in the computer arts. Once again, the order or ranking can be determined manually or automatically. Moreover, if the discrete phrase is not evaluative, then a ranking for the discrete phrase is entered in step 89 and the next phrase is analyzed. Of course, because such a discrete phrase is not evaluative, the ranking for the phrase will likely be low as compared to evaluative discrete phrases.
Lastly, if the phrase is neither discrete nor numeric, then the phrase is designated as free-form text as shown in step 87, a ranking is entered as shown in step 89 and the next phrase is analyzed. Such free-form text would be relatively rare since the phrase was deemed to be a product property. In certain products however, such free-form text may be desirable and add value to the product or undesirable and diminish the value of the product. For instance, an autograph or inscription on a product may be considered as free-form text which would add value to the product.
In the preferred embodiment of the present invention illustrated in FIG. 5, once the analysis as shown in property definition tool 80 is completed on the product phrase information stored in product phrase database 76, the resulting product properties (i.e. phrases that descriptively characterize the product or product category) are stored in a product property database 90. In addition, by executing property definition tool 80, these product properties that are stored in product property database 90 and are also ranked in order of significance in the product or product category. Thus, in the above examples of computers, product property database 90 will have a record of product properties such as MHz, Mb RAM, Gb, CD-ROM, CD-R, CD-RW, etc. as well as many other product properties and attributes relevant for evaluating a computer. Moreover, through the execution of property definition tool 80, these product properties are ranked as well. As will be discussed in further detail below, these stored product properties of the product property database may then be retrieved and used to create catalog 26 for use in evaluating products that are available from various merchants on their respective merchant's Web pages to thereby provide a single shopping interface which seamlessly integrates plural on-line merchants to thus facilitate comparison shopping in an on-line environment.
Of course, it should noted that whereas the above aspects of the present invention have been described as applied to computers, the present invention is not limited thereto and computers were merely selected as an example of how product literature crawler 72 and property definition tool 80 may be used. In this regard, it should be appreciated that the present invention may be applied to all different products and services that can be effectively marketed on a networked environment such as Internet 100. Thus, the present invention may be applied to all goods as well as many services including insurance, financial services, rentals, lodging, transportation, vacation packages, etc. in a manner similar to that discussed above.
 FIG. 6 shows a block diagram of a method in accordance with the preferred embodiment of the present invention for validating the product offerings of on-line merchants and for creating a new product record based on product properties. As can be appreciated, the lower portion of FIG. 6 provides an abbreviated illustration of FIG. 5 which was discussed in detail above which primarily explained the method for determining product properties as gathered from manufacturer's product specification Web pages 46 and other sources by product literature crawler 72. In a similar manner, product phrase information may be gathered from the merchant's information source such as the merchant's Web page 42 by product offerings crawler 74 which may also be generated by shopping server 20. Thus, like product literature crawler 72, product offerings crawler 74 gathers product phrase information from merchant's Web page 42 including a phrase and at least one characteristic of the phrase utilizing computational linguistics module (not shown). Again, the characteristic of the phrase may be its frequency, location, font size, font style, font case, font effects, and font color of the phrase in the Web page as well as the frequency of collocation and co-occurrence of phrases.
In addition, because each merchant will likely offer various models of more than one manufacturer, product offerings crawler 74 also obtains information regarding product model and manufacturer's identity. Moreover, because each of the products may be purchased through a particular merchant at a specified price as designated by the particular merchant, merchant identity information such as the merchant's URL, and price information for each of the offered products are also gathered by product offerings crawler 74 so that information regarding the product, price, and the identity of the merchant offering the product at a given price are all correlated to one another. All of the above described gathered information is stored into product offerings database 92. The details of how the manufacturer's identity, product model, product phrase information, merchant identity information and the pricing information are all gathered is substantially similar to the method described above relative product literature crawler 72 of FIG. 5 and thus, are omitted here to avoid repetition. However, based on the teachings above, it should be clear to a person skilled in the art how such information can be gathered utilizing product offerings crawler 74 and be saved in product offerings database 92 and used to create product catalog 26.
Thus, in correspondence with the computer example used above, products offerings crawler 74 may visit various Web pages of computer merchants to gather all the required information regarding every make and model of computers offered in computer merchant's Web page 42 as well as the merchant identity information such as the merchant's relevant URL. This information is stored in product offerings database 92 in a uniform format for further processing.
In accordance with the preferred embodiment of the present method as shown in FIG. 6, once the above noted information is gathered and stored in product offerings database 92, it is validated using validation tool 93 to match the various merchant offerings to the product information stored in products catalog 26 in shopping server 20 shown in FIG. 1. As described previously, the products catalog 26 on shopping server 20 stores product information such as product descriptions, pricing, and other product information for plural merchants which may be culled from merchant servers 40 using automated product offerings crawler 74. Shopping server 20 accesses and presents the product information stored in products catalog 26 to client computer 12 to thereby provide a single shopping interface with seamlessly integrated plural on-line merchants to thereby facilitate comparison shopping in an on-line environment.
For each given product offering in product offerings database 92, products catalog 26 is searched to determine if there is a corresponding match present in products catalog 26 as shown in step 94. If there is such a match, the validation is deemed to be completed for the particular product offering and another product offering in product offerings catalog 92 is selected for validation via validation tool 93. It should be noted that validation tool 93 may preferably be executed by a human editor who accesses via a computer or other means, product catalog 26. However, validation tool 93 may also be executed by a computer or other automated device.
If however, a corresponding match in products catalog 26 is not found, product record creation tool 95 may be executed to update products catalog 26 with the new product offering found in product offerings database 92. In this regard, product property database 90 as described previously is accessed to provide the ranked product properties of a product or product category to product record creation tool 95. These ranked product properties which were obtained via product literature crawler 72 can be then used to create a record on products catalog 26 for the new product offering found in product offerings database 92 thereby ensuring the obtaining of the important product properties for the new product offering. It is again noted that the product record creation tool 95 may preferably be executed by a human editor. However, product record creation tool 95 may be executed by a computer or other automated device.
Correspondingly, referring again to the computer example, the ranked product properties which were processed via product definition tool 80 and stored in product property database 90 can be provided to product record creation tool 95 so that all of the important product properties for the new product offering are obtained and entered into product catalog 26 when a new record is created. These product properties will include MHz, Mb RAM, Gb, CD-ROM, CD-R, CD-RW, etc. as well as many other product properties and attributes stored in the product property database 90 which are relevant for evaluating a computer. Of course, again, it is noted that application to computer sales were merely selected as an example and that the present invention may be applied to all different products and services that can be effectively marketed on a networked environment such as the Internet 100.
Thus, in this manner, the present invention also allows new product offerings available in the marketplace to be easily integrated into the products catalog 26 thereby periodically updating products catalog 26 to ensure accurate offering of newest products and prices to client computer 12. However, as can now be appreciated, because the updating is attained via product offerings crawler 74, the product information is not updated in real time, but rather periodically in the background of shopping server 20. The product information on products catalog 26 can be used to display products available for purchase by product type, part numbers, price, keywords, or product features in any desirable manner using an interface of shopping server 20 as described previously. The product information can be displayed side by side in the browser window of client computer 12 to permit the shopper to comparison shop and choose products from any one or more of merchant servers 40 based on the product information. Once the shopper has selected all desired products and options from all desired merchants, the shopper can complete the shopping and “check out” as described previously by confirming the order which verifies pricing information, shipping information, and other details of the desired purchase.
It is again noted that in the above described embodiment, property definition tool 80, validation tool 93 and product record creation tool 95 are preferably executed by a human editor utilizing a computer or other device so that their execution is semi-automatic. Because of the present invention provides these distinct tools with distinct functions, human editors having different skills and knowledge can be utilized for each of the tools. For instance, it takes a relatively lower level of skill and knowledge to execute validation tool 93 and product record creation tool 95, whereas it takes a higher degree of skill and knowledge to execute property definition tool 80. Therefore, this embodiment allows efficient human resource management since the tools and their respective functions are preferably separated and more experienced human editors can be assigned to execute property definition tool 80 and the less experienced human editors can be assigned to execute the other tools. Of course, it should also be appreciated that in alternative embodiments, the above noted tools may be combined in part or in total and can also be executed automatically via computer or other device so that use of human editors is not necessary.
Another embodiment of the invention is illustrated in FIG. 8. The embodiment of FIG. 8 includes a property definition tool that is adapted to aggregate product information from plural sources, such as merchant servers 40 and manufacturers servers 44, to produce a product catalog 26 in a highly automated manner. Property definition tool 800 can be in the form of software running on a general purpose computer, such as shopping server 20 in the embodiment of FIG. 8. Property definition tool 800 includes clusterer module 802, categorizer module 804, name selector/cleanser module 806, image selector module 808, property scraper module 810, supplemental keyword generator module 812, property aggregator module 814, description generator module 816, allied products discovery module 818, and post-processing module 820.
 FIG. 9 illustrates a flowchart of the high level function of property definition tool 800 of preferred embodiment. Each step of FIG. 9 will be described in greater detail below. In step 900, clusterer module 802 analyzes merchant offerings from plural product information records, such as records stored on merchant servers 40, and clusters, i.e., groups, them according to which are most likely to be the same product, and assigns or creates a UPID (Universal Product ID) for each. Of course, the product information can be gathered from product information records using a crawler, such as literature crawler 72 described above. In this embodiment, the crawler can retrieve product information records in their entirety for automatic processing by property definition tool 800.
In step 902, categorizer module 804 places each UPID into a category in a product catalog taxonomy based on a comparative analysis of that product with other products already classified in categories of the taxonomy. The determination of product catalog taxonomies is generally well known. In step 904, name selector/cleanser module 806 selects the best among multiple variant names for the product found in the product records of a group, and then cleanses the name of any superfluous inserted or concatenated text that is commonly found in the name field of products. It also then builds an optional, longer name that is of a consistent style and has only the most relevant content for the specific category in question.
In step 906, image selector module 808 chooses the most preferable product image from all various product information records in a group, based on size, type, quality, proportion, reliability of source, and other factors. In step 908, property scraper module 810 scrapes normalized attributes values for each product from every available product information record and supplies confidence ratings to every act of scraping that it performs. In step 910, supplemental keyword generator module 812 repeats a process similar to that of step 908, but with reference to open-ended keywords for each group, rather than for normalized attributes.
In step 912, property aggregator module processes the output of property scraper module 810 by employing a weighted voting engine to merge the many scrapings and determine a final value for each attribute of each product. Also, in step 810, the supplemental keywords are normalized based on one of various algorithms.
In step 914, description generator 816 composes short texts describing each product. Such texts are non-evaluative and are based on templates using the attribute values attained in steps 810 and 812. For example, this can be accomplished by randomly selecting one of a number of description templates that can be instantiated by reference to the most important properties of the product, and then executing minor word or phrase variation to avoid monotony. A final step ensures proper sentence formatting, punctuation, and capitalization.
In step 916, allied products module 818 recognizes related allied products, such as accessories, parts, connectors, etc., and the bundles or kits that can be comprised of a set of allied products. Any items falling below confidence thresholds, can be handled specially, either manually or automatically, in various ways. Allied products module 818 is described in greater detail below.
Clustering, accomplished by clusterer module 802, is the process of grouping together various merchant offerings, which have no ready-to-hand UPID, and creating a new UPID for each group. This process results in a one-product-to-many-prices relationship. Numerous features can be extracted from merchant offer records, manufacturer records, distributor records, and other records describing products (collectively referred to as “product information records” herein) in order to enable clustering.
Clustering can be run per manufacturer, i.e., the “primary key” of the process can be the manufacturer name. Thus the first problem to be solved is determining that different forms of reference to the same manufacturer are indeed the same. The risk of accidentally clustering products of different manufacturers is slight, but when it does happen, it can be a very critical error, and therefore it is important for the system to avoid this error. The system does so largely by discovering patterns in manufacturer part numbers and model identifiers. Note that this presumes that the manufacturer is already separated out of the product name, which is not always the case—some product information records include the manufacturer or brand name as part of the product name field. Hence, a first pass may be required to populate the manufacturer name field for use in clustering.
Once the manufacturer (or brand) name is discretely obtained, clusterer module 802 is given this name as a data string that it uses in a sub-string search in order to select all product information records where the manufacturer name begins with this sub-string. For example, clusterer module 802 may be started over the space of product offerings with manufacturer names starting with “bell”. This will define the data set for the process as selected product offerings with manufacturer strings such as “Bell Atlantic”, “Bell Industries, Inc.”, “and Bell Microproducts”. These names are normalized (removal of irrelevant parts such as “Inc.” and “Corp.”), and further words are removed from the end until the minimum manufacturer name is found from the catalog that matches one manufacturer name from the catalog. As an example, there can be plural different names among data providers today that are all ways of saying “Sony,” and thus it requires more work in order to decide which of the plural “Sony-like” manufacturer names should be used as “canonical”. The system may use any manufacturer aliases from the various data sources, and in addition, aliases may be inferred as the catalog is “bootstrapped” and products are created and merchant offerings are mapped to the new products, either manually or through UPC matches (which don't require manufacturer name merchants).
After defining a data set for a particular pass, clusterer module 804 begins the clustering step. There are a number of well known standard AI “clustering” algorithms, any one of which could suffice for the baseline clustering. However, successful clustering of products often requires augmenting the baseline clustering with numerous elements and adjustments as explained below. A simple outline of a baseline clustering procedure would be as follows:
a. If there are not yet any clusters, i.e. product groups, then the first product becomes the first cluster
b. Otherwise, search through the clusters for a close fit
c. If there is a close fit, combine it
d. If there is no close fit, it becomes its own cluster
There are several approaches for determining “close fit”. The following sections explain examples of such approaches. The first approach in determining what products are the same, i.e. should be in the same group, is examining manufacturer part numbers, if available, or UPC or model IDs, and normalizing superficial variations in their nomenclature. In so doing, clusterer module 802 makes several passes, and may merge together what were initially separate clusters, as it narrows down the possibilities. This narrowing down is in many cases a virtue of cluster module 802 “teaching itself” what the letter-number patterns appear to be, inductively, in various product families around the industry, and using this knowledge to rule out bad data. Indeed, clusterer module 802 operates differently in many respects because of the fact that bad data is common, as opposed to how it could work in an ideal world where all data sources were pristine.
An example is that one manufacturer may give a part number to all of its video camcorders that starts with the letters “VCM” followed by one more letters, and then three numbers. However, some merchants errantly insert their internal SKU into the manufacturer part number filed (in fact a very common problem). Because the internal SKU of the merchant does not fit the number-letter pattern above, and in fact is very far from it, the system programmed to look for part numbers in the anticipated format would assume that the string having the internal SKU is an error, and proceed to examine other parts of the record where some other data might be found to enable the clustering of the offer in question (for example, despite the bad manufacturer part number, the product name might be in perfect shape, and a perfect match with many other offerings in the database).
Clusterer module 802 should also be able to adapt the numerous ways merchants have of modifying the UPC of a product (few of them leave it as is). Some remove a leading zero, or add a digit or two on the end that has their own internal meaning, or remove the checksum digits. Through automated trial-and-error, clusterer module 802 attempts to de-construct and re-construct a particular merchant's pattern of tweaking the UPCs. This is made possible by having at least one source where the definite and complete UPC is known, and then applying numerous known heuristic techniques, to see which transformation rules will successfully reproduce the definitive UPC, from the merchant's idiosyncratic UPC (this can be done using Hidden Markov Models, for example, or using just standard logic programming). A hidden Markov model (HMM) is a well known variant of a finite state machine having a set of states, Q, an output alphabet, O, transition probabilities, A, output probabilities, B, and initial state probabilities, Pi. The current state is not observable. Instead, each state produces an output with a certain probability, B. Usually the states, Q, and outputs, O, are understood, so an HMM is said to be a triple, (A, B, Pi). HMMs are known for use in speech recognition and other applications.
There are many other functions of clusterer module 802 that are discussed below. After clustering is complete in step 900 of FIG. 8, auto-validation can be performed wherein additional merchant offers that appear over a period of weeks and months, can be matched using the same methods generally as the original clustering in step 900.
When present, a model ID or product name is often the best clue to whether items in separate product description records are the same, and thus should be clustered together in the same group by clusterer module 802. However there are many ways in which this can fail, which need to be accounted for. The first is merely punctuation and capitalization, such as the difference between:
    “$69.49 Sony MD-74 Mini-Disc player” “$75.99 SONY MD74 ” “$68.00 Sony MD 74 Mini Disc Personal Player”   
Another is that the Model ID may be concatenated together with extraneous terms such as:
    “$59.99 Sony Black MD 74” “$68.99 Sony Silver MD-74 BB”   
Where ‘BB’ stands for “Bass Boost” and is simply a feature that all such models possess and does not truly indicate its being a different product. By contrast, the difference between black and silver does indicate a significant difference as many persons who are shopping for a silver model would not want to have a black one, and in some cases merchants may even charge more for one color than for another of what is otherwise the identical device.
While only elementary logic is required in order to handle and resolve difference in punctuation, special handling must obtain for items such as color, size, and extra features of the product, or even kits such as:
    “$99.50 Special! Sony MD-74 Premium Kit with Mini Speakers and Leather Case”

In this case, the difference in price; the presence of “kit”; the mention of items which the product database shows to be separate categories of products in and of themselves (speakers, case), are all clues that there is a high probability of this offer being a “bundle” of products that includes the MD-74, and is not merely the MD-74 by itself.
   
In many cases a fuzzy string match can provide some clue as to whether offers might be the same, and is critical in taking care of spelling errors in the source data, e.g.:
    “$74.50 Sony Mini-Disc Player MD-74” “$69.49 Sony Mini-Discc [sic] Player MD74”   
As a first pass, fuzzy match on the entire string can easily round up a first batch of candidates for clustering. For example the following list might be chosen from countless thousands of offerings as an initial cluster, on fuzzy match alone:
    “Sony MD-80 Mini-Disc Player” “Mini-Disc Player MD-74 from Sony” “Sony New MD-74 music disc player” “M-740 Symphony Synth from Moog” “Sony MD-74 Personal Music Device” “Sony 8-inch Mini-TV-80”   
Note that all these have a significant overlapping portion of text content. Note however that “Symphony” and “Sony” have a 67% fuzzy match—8 of the 12 characters in both words combined, are the same and in the same order. This shows how inevitable it is that some fuzzy match candidates are still going to be wrong. Nonetheless, that cluster module 802 has only 6 products to process, not 600,000, is an immensely great narrowing down. What remains is to identify the difference between MD-74 and MD-80 as being significant in order to separate the first item in the list above from the rest of items in the list; and then to determine that the presence of “Synth” (or “Moog”) and “TV” invalidate the 4th and 6th items respectively.
Clusterer module 802 should also ignore certain words. Note in the foregoing example the words “New” and “Player” do not really add anything. “New” is an example of an exceptional word that is so often used in the marketing of all kinds of products, that it must be handled separately from the way a random word is handled. Specifically it needs to be ignored for all purposes except separating new from used or refurb products. “Player” on the other hand is helpful in an early pass to develop an initial cluster; however the system must not assign such a great importance to it that the presence vs. non-presence of this single shall count as a different product. This can be well grounded in the fact that “player” is a “generic noun” to refer to an entire category of products. Other examples are “TV”, “CD”, “Video”, and the like. In particularly late stages of clustering step 900, generic nouns can be ignored, because it is simply optional whether marketers include them or not, in product names. This does not take away from the fact that they are important clues in making a first pass at what should be included in the initial cluster.
Numbers such as the “74” and “80” in “MD-74” and “MD-80” can obviously be critical to separating two models of products from one another. As a general rule, there being a different number in a model name or product name should be taken to indicate that it is a different product. However, there need to be exceptions to this as well, for example:
    “$12.99 Hasbro Wayne Gretzky #13 Action Figure” “$13.99 Hasbro Wayne Gretzky 6-inch action Figure Mighty Ducks”   
Here the difference between “13” and “6” could make clusterer module 802 assume these are different products, when in fact they are the same. The best way to resolve this is for the system to know which attribute for a particular category might be expressed in numbers and also might be concatenated as part of the product name. In this case, sports action figures have jersey numbers as a possible attribute (“#13”) and they also have a height in inches (“6-inch”). By having the system check for these parameters, it can be prevented from assigning a drastically lower probability of match, merely due to the appearance of different numbers within the product name string. In the absence of finding such parameters, the system would lower the probability estimation of the products being a match, whenever there are differing numbers present within the product name.
This is notwithstanding that additional numbers in the names can still rule out the clustering, such as the difference between the “3” and “4” in the following:
    “$13.99 Hasbro Wayne Gretzky #13 Action Figure Series 3” “$14.99 Hasbro Wayne Gretzky 6-inch action Figure Mighty Ducks Series 4”   
In determining which names are more likely to be significant for separating clusters, i.e., forming groups of items corresponding to a specific product, a differential frequency analysis can be performed between merchants that are specialized on certain categories, and merchants that broadly cover many categories; similarly, between offerings already catalogued in a certain category, and the entire catalog. The result of this analysis is a list of terms, for each category, that are very much more frequent in that category than generally in the entire corpus. This is useful in categorization of new items (discussed later) but also for clustering, as words (or phrases) that are very common within one category, are usually ones that the system can look upon as not indicating a difference between products in that category. Take for example the word “saber.” This will be an infrequently mentioned word in the entire corpus, but very frequently mentioned in action figures, given the predominance of Star Wars action figures that “come with a light saber.” Now suppose the system sees two offerings as follows:
    “$5.99 Obi Wan Kenobi 6″ Nabo garb with light saber” “$5.99 Obi Wan Kenobi 6″ Naboo garb”   
Ordinarily, the presence of “saber” in one but not the other, would weigh rather heavily toward counting the items as different, however, the system's recognizing how common it is for “saber” to be mentioned in this category, raises the likelihood that the word is merely an optional descriptive phrase, and not special to one action figure versus another. Again, this is probabilistic and merely one of many factors that can be assessed.
Another pragmatic check which can help the system in clustering step 900, is checking prior probability e.g., examining how many strongly similar products are in the marketplace, as evidenced by the content of the available product information records or other information. If the number is high, then the system should be suspicious even of minor differences in product names. However if the number is low, the system can be more tolerant of minor variations. For example, if there are only one or two “Abraham Lincoln action figure” products in the database, then the probability of an offering constituting an additional product are relatively slim. By contrast, seeing that there are over 100 different “Luke Skywalker action figure” products in the database, suggests that a new Luke Skywalker offering with minor differences in the name, might very well be a new and different model. In other words, the odds of a Luke Skywalker action figure being wrongly clustered, initially, are very great—there is only a 1-in-100 chance that it belongs to any given group. Meanwhile if there are only 2 Abe Lincoln action figures, then there is immediately a 50-50 chance of an offering belonging to on or the other cluster. This can factor into the confidence of any clustering calculation.
In determining the number of groups, the merchant coverage may be considered, such that (1) the largest selection of similar items offered by a single merchant serves as a minimum number of groups for that family of items and (2) the diversity of product coverage of various merchants can be extrapolated to provide a further clue as to the correct number of groups. For example if the system is addressing many hundreds of offerings that look something like “Luke Skywalker Action Figure” then, supposing one merchant along offers 37 different “Luke Skywalkers,” the system can presume (on faith that this one particular merchant does not duplicate too many offers in its data set) that at least 37 clusters are needed for this family of products. Further more if there are, among products already UPIDized, approximately 1.5 unique offerings per every 10 offerings altogether (meaning, for example that KB Kids might have 23 such action figures where 3 of the 23 are unique in being offered by KB Kids only, and that this sort of ratio is the average such ratio found among all merchants whose Luke Skywalker action figures have already been UPIDized), then the system can use this information in order to extrapolate (over the remaining set of merchants which have not yet had their offerings of such products UPIDized) as to how many estimated new unique products might be present, assuming the same historical diversity ratio obtains. All these measures are effectively “pragmatic” or “heuristic” measures which can be implemented as weights upon the confidence level of various tentative clustering combinations—a combination which accords well with the aforementioned measures (i.e. falls close to extrapolated figures) will have a higher confidence level than one which departs widely from such measures.
In many cases where names, descriptions, and specs make it hard to for clusterer module 802 to determine whether two products are the same, the prices themselves are an important, and possibly decisive, factor. For example if one offering is $7.99 and the other is $59.99., then, despite superficially similar descriptions, they are very unlikely to be the same product. However there are several caveats. First, the clusterer must be careful to parse and analyze for any exceptional circumstances, such as close-outs or clearance sales, refurbished items, and recertified items (such as returned products in an opened box). In some cases, these items can be much lower in cost.
Another difference that must be factored in is the typical differential in merchant pricing. Many first-tier merchants charge, routinely, up to 30% or even more than some discount merchants. Another consideration is the price competitiveness and consistency in the category. In some categories, the system can determined from items already catalogued, that the price fluctuation among merchants is typically greater than that of other categories. If, after taking all these factors into consideration, the price difference is still very great, then the likelihood of the offerings being of the same product, is lowered accordingly.
Aside from merchant pricing, most merchants also list the MSRP of a product—usually to boast the apparent “savings” derived as the difference of the merchant price and the MSRP. Since merchants usually adopt the same MSRP from a manufacturer or distributor, merchants will tend to be the same as each other in what they construe to be the MSRP, even more so than in the actual merchant prices themselves. So when this information is available, it can also be weighed in by clusterer module 802, in fact, even more heavily than is the similar of merchant pricing. Like many other factors, it should not be merely a Boolean test, but a weight, because sometimes the data will be faulty (e.g. through a merchant's typo or merely through one merchant having an out-of-date MSRP while another merchant reflects the more up-to-date MSRP).
The dilemma in finding these parameters is that clustering ideally takes place prior to categorization. This requires a tentative guess as to the categorization of the product, despite that categorization is not final until the clustering is final. Thus a dialectical or iterative process flow between the algorithms of clusterer module 802 and categorizer module 804 is sometimes desirable or even inevitable. Clusterer module 802 might revise the cluster membership in light of a tentative categorization, but following this, the categorization must be checked again, in which case categorizer module 804 might revise its category “guess” as a result of the cluster having changed. This iterative processing must continue until both the result of clustering step 900 and categorization step 902 have stabilized and both have surpassed their required confidence thresholds. The combination of both their outputs with the highest minimum confidence score between both clusterer module 802 and categorizer module 804 will prevail. In other words if clusterer module 802 has cluster C1 or C2 and categorizer module 804 is outputting category A or B, the following matrix of outcomes could result:




 
 
 


 
 


 
C1 -
C2 -


 
 




 




 
 
 


A -
0.74/0.32*
0.68/0.82


B -
0.73/0.71 
0.68/0.74


 


*Clustering confidence/Categorization confidence






Assuming a confidence threshold for both clusterer module 802 and categorizer module 804 of 0.70, the system would go with cluster C1 and category B, as the minimum confidence in that scenario is 0.71—better than in any other scenario, and above thresholds for both. Of course, other algorithms can be used to correlate the results of clusterer module 802 and categorizer module 804.
Generally the system assumes that, the more words that are different in two product names, the less likely they are to be the same product. However the system needs to be able to construe synonyms, hyponyms, and hypernyms in an intelligent manner. For example, consider:
    “Sony MD-74 mini-disc player” “Sony Inc., MD-74 music listening device”   
On the surface, there seem to be more words that are different, than are the same. However, “player” is a hyponym of “device” (conversely, “device” is a hypernym of “player”). Meanwhile “Sony” and “Sony Inc” would be treated as synonyms. These words can be assigned partial-credit for a match. These facts, in combination with the matching model number, are likely to be sufficient for cluster module 802 to confidently cluster these offerings.
Further, a product often comes in two or more variants. For example a toaster oven may come in black and white, and its model ID might be any one of the following:
    “PG-400-B” [where B signifies Black] “PG-400-W” [where W signifies “white] “PG-400” [where text description following mentions black or white or both]   
Other examples are right/left-handed golf clubs, etc. These can show up as something similar to:
    “Titleist Pro 700 Driver R” “Titleist Pro 700 Driver L”   
Generally these variants, though somewhat superficial from some points of view, are nonetheless separate and individual part numbers from the manufacturer, and are of no small significance to certain shoppers. Therefore they are given unique product IDs. They can however be related as part of a single product line or as configuration variants of a basic model (e.g. when the right-handed golf club is considered the basic model the left-handed is a variant, or when the black toaster oven is considered the basic model, the almond colored one is considered a variant, etc.).
Whether products should be, in any sense, clustered, is partly a matter of the purpose-at-hand. While generally clustering refers to the assigning a single-model, i.e. product, to its various price offerings by grouping together product information records corresponding to the product. However, there are meaningful configuration variants that, while technically counting as different models, are often thought by consumers and even retailers as being “essentially” the same model, but just in varying styles, etc. Likewise, product models can be part of a series, and multiple product series can be part of a product family, etc. Clusterer module 802 therefore can provide plural levels of super-clustering and/or sub-clustering. One among many possible semantic labeling schemata for these levels is as follows:
    (1) Product Line (2) Product Family (3) Product Series (4) Model* (5) Configuration of model   
The asterisk (*) indicates the baseline clustering performed by clusterer module 802 at the level of merchant offers, can occur procedurally before any super-clustering (levels 1–3) and sub-clustering (level 5). An example of all five levels would be the Fujistu Lifebook P-2040 with 384 MB RAM. The Fujitsu brand has the “Lifebook” product line, in which is the “P” family of notebook computers (as opposed to the“S” family), within which is the “2000” series (as opposed to the 1000 series), within which is the “2040” model (as opposed to the 2080 and 2100 models), and which can optionally come, brand new, with 384 MB RAM (as opposed to having 256 or 512 MB RAM).
The same fundamental methods of clustering are used at any levels, merely with a different set of differences in naming and specifications that either are or are not considered to be significant for the level in question.
Categorization step 902 includes the process of assigning each UPID to a proper category within taxonomy 700. This can be accomplished chiefly by two processes. First, the attributes and attribute value sets defined for each category, in a known manner along with their aliases, synonyms, hypernyms, etc. can be examined. Second, actual product information records already classified in each category can be examined. Any number of AI machine-learning algorithms can be used for the classification including but not limited to: case-based reasoning, genetic algorithms, neural nets, etc. What is importation is the feature extraction that precedes the invocation of the machine-learning module, and not so much which particular kind of machine-learning module is used.
In the feature extraction process of categorization step 902, each matching item that is found in the product information records, whether an attribute name, value, unit of measure; a brand name; keywords and phrases found in product descriptions, etc. counts in favor of the product being in that category. Conversely, items found that seem to conflict, bring about major deductions in probability scores. Ultimately a final score is reached for each UPID against each category. The hope is that a confidence threshold will be surpassed on one and only one leaf-node category. In the minority of cases where this result does not obtain, a manual (or other external) validation is can be used, or the categorization can be deferred.
Usually for marketing reasons, resellers produce very long, very “ugly” names for their products. This is especially true in the online world where resellers are trying to please the search engines' web crawlers as much as they are human beings—meaning they want to include every conceivable relevant piece of text in the product name. Otherwise, they are afraid, they might not get the search results ranking on Google or Yahoo! Search that they are hoping for. The result is that a ideal product name such as:
    “Sony MD-74 Mini-Disc Player” is often listed in a product record as: “New Sony MD-74 (MD74, MD74) Mini-Disc Player Personal Music Listening Device with Rebate and Free Leather Case Now For Grads and Dads”   
Fortunately, not all names are this long and extraneous in nature. However, name cleansing step 904 is still required in many cases. The first obvious step in determining an attractive name screen to be used for the UPID product record, is to eliminate those that are very long, in favor of those that are not.
The other kind of undesirable name is that which tries to over-load the name field as a mini-product-spec table, all in on, such as:
    “Sony MD-74 23-hr battery, 6 watt output, headphones, 8 oz” “Consider this along with: “Sony Corp. MD-74 Mini-Disc Personal Music Listening Device”

Here the length of the name alone does not help since both are nearly the same length, yet the latter is greatly preferred over the former for cataloging purposes. By noting that the former contains many attribute names and attribute value strings from the product record, we can assign “de-merits” to that name, i.e. make it less likely to be selected as the product name by name selector/cleanser module 806.
   
Also, marketers have a habit of overloading the name field of product information records to carry many other elements of information besides the name of product. There is virtually no limit to this in terms of vocabulary. However certain linguistic cues can be semantically related to marketing, either through a manual list or through statistical accounting of which words are more commonly included in the marketing “fluff” that clutters product names. The statistical approach is attractive in that is more automated. This procedure requires some sample data to have been tagged as having “marketing language” in the names, together with a contrasting set of data that shows the same product names without the marketing language. A differential analysis, with word/phrase frequency, word contiguity, and other standard statistical NLP methods can be applied to determine a good probabilistic profile of what constitutes marketing language for each category of product.
Once name selector/cleanser 806 has narrowed down possible names to a simple, concise, clean product name, it is also desirable to generate an optional longer name that is canonical. Canonical means that it follows a consistent form across categories, which is to mention only (a) the most important variant configuration elements (such as color, right-handed) and (b) the most important attributes (such as the resolution of a digital camera). Having a reliable, consistent style of long name lets those who utilize the catalog enjoy maximum flexibility in surfacing a short name, or a long name, as best fits their applications.
In step 906, image selector module 808 chooses the most preferable image from all various sources, based on size, type, quality, proportion, reliability of source, etc. Various rules and thresholds can be used to select the most preferable image. For example, the image may have to be of a certain minimum resolution and size. Alternatively, image selector module 808 can be programmed to use the image from product information records from a list of preferred sources (e.g. merchant servers 40) in order of availability.
In step 908, property scraper module 810 parses and analyzes the product information records, such as web pages or PDF documents form a source such as a merchant, manufacturer, distributor, reviewer, or the like, to extract the product spec information from that source in a normalized form. Property scraper module 810 can then discard or leave the text of the product information record in question.
Property scraping step 908 can be accomplished as follows. First DOM (Document object modeling) can be accomplished to separate the main product spec portion of the page from any cross-sell or up-sell merchandise, and from any linked accessories, etc. Next, different sentence, phrase and table structures can be parsed to spot individual specs on the page one at a time. Negation and other functions can be handled separately so that property scraper module 810 does not mistakenly construe these as being built-in to the product. Resolving of synonyms and aliases to normalize the jargon used among various product information records for both the attribute names and the values can also be accomplished. Bonus keywords or specs that do not fit pre-defined specs for the category of product in question, including a gathering of any novel specs that would otherwise “fall between the cracks” can be retrieved. A confidence level can be assigned to each act of scraping, based on things like whether the attribute name and value were both found, or just the value string was found; or based on whether there some extraneous words found in between the attribute name and value, or whether there were line breaks or adjacent cells in a table (all of these items introduce some risk that the spec is somehow modified, qualified, or disclaimerized and therefore might possibly not be exactly the spec which it appears to be). Also, the scraper may pick up conflicting information on the page (e.g. they sell one size, but later explain it is available in many), so this lowers the confidence, and higher confidence is given to the text that seems more likely to be correct (i.e. the one that is more closely collocated with the other specs on the page). The weighted combination of all these methods results is a confidence score for each individual spec value from each product information record that is scraped.
It is often important for the system to perform recognition and conversion of units of measure to a standard for each spec, handling both synonyms, e.g. “lbs.” to “lb.”, and conversion, e.g. “2.2 lb.” to “1 kg”. In the event that the attribute name cannot be found, the units can sometimes reliably identify a correct value (e.g. 3.1 megapixel camera does not need the word “resolution” in order to deduce that “3.1 megapixel” is the resolution, due to the uniqueness of the “megapixel” unit withing that category). Numbers must be parsed in all variously expressed styles, including fractions, Roman numerals, and those formatted with commas. Numeric ranges need to be recognized both as a possibility in the attribute setup, i.e. having a composite attribute composed of “min” and “max” atomic attributes. Different types of verbiage may indicate a range, such as a comma separated list of values (e.g. for 1, 2, or 3 players), a hyphenated min-max range, etc.
Textual-type attributes may have different rules. In specs, a Boolean-type attribute (no/yes) will require the attribute name to be present, and not require the word “yes.” Correctly determining the “no” value is a bit more tricky, as it requires the system to look for other negating language, usually other than a simple “no” (e.g. “optional” or “not included”).
In other cases, particularly with attributes that allow multiple values, or where the language of the values themselves is distinct enough not to require qualification by inclusion of the attribute within the product name field or within a definite description in the product text, e.g. “This HDTV television . . . ” clearly indicates to the reader that “HDTV” refers to the “Compatibility” attribute.
The source document from a particular product information record is often HTML, XML, PDF or another tag-laden document type. This is both a benefit and a detriment to property scraper module 810, in that these tags can both indicate and obscure the specs that are being sought. Therefore, multiple passes (utilizing different methods of handling the tags) can be used, as explained below.
One method is to simply ignore the tags by parsing them out. This method, simple though it may be, actually yields a great deal of specs. For example, if an action figure product page on a website reads “Height: 6-inch” it may read, in the HTML sources as “Height: <TC><Font: Helvetica></B><I>6 inches”. In other words, there are intervening tags whose purpose is to align the information within a table, change the font from one column to the next, etc. By merely tossing out the tags within one row of the table (while keeping the information that it is within a single row), the scraper sees “Height: 6”, and suddenly the spec is very near to being scrapable.
However in many other cases, the tagging must be parsed and analyzed, rather than merely discarded, in order to yield the desired result. Take the same example as above, where on the row above we might have
“Phantom Series 4”
and on the row below have
“vehicle included”.
By maintaining or parsing the row-delineation tags, property scraper module 810 knows that “Phantom Series 4” is one row, and “Height: 6″ “is one row, and ” vehicle included” is another. If all the tags were ignored, then property scraper module 810 would lose this row delimiting, and would have the continuous string:
“Phantom Series 4″ Height: 6 vehicle included”
This would be harder to parse and analyze, and there is probably some risk that the system might think the action figure is 4 inches in height and comes with a 6-inch vehicle! Thus it is critical to actually parse the tags and thereby maintain the document structure.
There are a myriad of other ways in which the tagging is informative. Another case is where the system is trying to determine where the list of specs ends, in a block of text. Often the Product Information Record will, for example, switch fonts or text style or paragraph indentation when the specs are coming to an end and when a list of cross-sell products is about to begin. It is vital that this transition be noted so that the cross-sell products are not accidentally construed as features of the main product itself (e.g. construing a memory card that is an optional accessory for a digital camera, as something that comes with the camera).
Many product information records produce tables that do not, unfortunately, put the attribute name and value close to each other at all. An example is the following:
            Pick the P-2000 Series Configuration That is Right For You!                 Fujitsu           P-Series   Model RAM Wi-Fi Included OS Price       P-2040 256 No XP Home $1249   P-2080 384 No XP Home $1399   P-2100 512 Yes XP Pro $1549          
In this example, multiple variant models are listed together in a single table, and the header row must be parsed and one column at a time must be scraped, in order to gather the specs correctly for each model.

Some tables found in product information records are even more complicated in that they express multi-dimensional combinatorial specs. A very common example is the combination of pants waist and inseam sizes, that are usually available in some but not all possible combinations. Here is an example:




 
 
 


 


Waist size*
Inseams Available**
Colors avail.


 




22″–28″
26″–34″
Black, Navy, Tan, Forest


29″–39″
28″–42″
Black, Navy, Tan, Forest


40″–44″
30″–44″
Black, Navy


 


*Odd and even sizes available


**Even sizes available






Note that not only must the table be parsed, but the annotations must be understood, in order for the scraper to actually assemble the following “canonical” table:




 
 
 


 


Waist size
Inseams Available
 


(inches)
(inches)
Colors Available


 




22–28
26, 28, 30, 32, 34
Black, Navy, Tan, Forest


29–39
28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42
Black, Navy, Tan, Forest


40–44
30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44
Black, Navy


 






The system must be configurable to force some attribute values to default to “no” or “none” when there are multiple sources which are silent about the attribute, and not a single source has mentioned it. This is needed because of the tendency marketers have of not mentioning when their product lacks a feature, and mentioning it only when their product does have the feature. For example, only a few of the higher-end digital cameras might have an interchangeable lens. It is virtually guaranteed that if a product page makes no mention of this feature at all, then the camera does not have one. However, no marketer will miss the opportunity to boast of their camera having this type of lens, if it does. Therefore the system can detect this pattern and begin to default to “no” on the attribute “interchangeable lens” when it has found multiple reliable sources that fail to mention the feature for a particular camera.
Supplemental keyword generator 812 analyzes every product information record with reference to open-ended keywords for each category, rather than for normalized specs. These follow from the DOM analysis, in that the system recognizes strings or tokens which it appears the product information record is putting forward as a spec, and yet do not fit neatly into any pre-defined specs within the system. This catches so special one-off specs that otherwise would fall between the cracks. For example, among 50 different baby-car seats there may be just one or two which say “one-hand harness release” where this feature is not a recognized and normalized spec within the category attribute listing. Nonetheless, that it is presented by a couple of product information records right along with the other specs for the same car seat, enables the system to, as it were, add the phrase as an “appendix” of sorts, to the normalized specs. This is a very powerful feature for (1) categories where there are many esoteric and unique features that are not worth normalizing or (2) helping the system administrators stay on top of new emerging specs that appear as manufacturers add new features to their products (the administrators will be alerted and review cases where a large number of overlapping supplemental keyword specs have been added for a particular category, to see if the case constitutes a new spec that should be added in a normalized manner).
Property aggregator module 814 of the preferred embodiment is a voting engine which assigns some product information records a greater weight than others, and then attempts to merge the scraped specs from all Product Information Records for a particular product, to arrive at a final set of specs. This resolves contradictions which are very commonly found among multiple sources. The property aggregator assigns great significance to finding multiple attestations for a spec—defined as having multiple sources of data that have a different format (therefore apparently not being mere clones of one another) yet agree on the essential content of the specs in question.
The weights can be automatically set or manually set. The automatic setting is a result, over time, of how often the product information record has been countermanded in the final result. It is possible for a weighting to set either globally over the entire product information record, or just for one category, or just for one attribute in one category, or just for one value of one attribute in that category, or just for one manufacturer of products in that category. Also there is a separate weighting for image reliability, globally, per category, per manufacturer, and per manufacturer-in-category.
Chief components of the allied products module of the preferred embodiment are:
1) a product relations tool for manually defining accessory relations between products and categories, with constraints; and for viewing or manually overriding specific products' assignments as allied products that have been made automatically; and 2) an allied products engine including logic and algorithms for combing the raw source data whence affiliated product relations will be automatically “discovered.”
All of the following relations are definable:
Category-to-Category relation: Stipulates that products within category A are allied to products within category B. A property constraint is optional. For example, Compact Flash Cards may be allied to the category of PDA's, with the constraint that the memory module type for a PDA must be “Compact Flash” in order for the relation to obtain.
Category-to-Product relation: Stipulates that a category of products are allied to a particular product. An example would be “XBOX Cartridges” which, taken as an entire category, are allied to the particular product “XBOX Game Console.”
Product-to-Category relation: Stipulates that a particular product is allied to an entire category of products, with an optional constraint, e.g. that a particular leather case is allied to the entire category of “digital cameras” with the constraint that their property of “form factor” be indicated as “compact.”
Product-to-Product relation—Stipulates that a particular product is related to another particular product, e.g. that a particular model printer cartridge is allied to a particular model photo-printer.
A software tool can be provided that allows all the foregoing relations to be defined manually, with or without constraints, optionally marked as “potential.” A software tool can be defined to allow a user to designate the allied product type as one of “accessory” or “part” or “supply” etc. Also there are “highlighted” types within each type—those which human editorial knowledge dictates as being of special interest. In the absence of manually highlighted relations for each product, the discovery engine auto-highlights the highest scoring relations, eliminating closely resembling products (using category and fuzzy name comparisons) in order to give variability in the top 3 highlighted relations (e.g. you might want to simply highlight the size variations of the same Compact Flash card, even though they may have the highest score). A software tool can be provided to allow a potential relation to be negated, i.e. for a user to indicate that a category should not be considered allied to another. This is to help the discovery engine avoid erroneous or wasteful processing. This is achieved by making a potential category-category relation with a manual score of 0.
Allied Products Module 818 includes algorithms to identify which component of various product information sources is the “allied products table” within the web page or other source. For example, which part of the HTML template of a merchant's web page is reliably found to be its accessory listing. This is accomplished by visiting the merchant pages and looking for references to current high scoring and manual relations, then identifying and recording the area in the page where these links are found. Subsequent visits to the merchant sites can use this information to adjust the scoring accordingly, depending on where links to possibly related products are found on the page. The Allied Products Module 818 follows links found in the various allied products tables and checks for products in known categories. When the scanner has found n repeated instances of products in the same category for products in the category it is currently scanning, it will auto-create the appropriate category-category relation, marked as “potential,” and notification can be provided to the appropriate category manager, through email or another communications channel.
The Allied Products Module 818 generally operates in accordance with the following algorithm to effect allied products step 916:
    1. For each product in a category
         a. Get all merchant offers, for each merchant (this part is multi-threaded):
             i. Load and parse the merchant's web page (also, cache the page) ii. Look for links on the page to “related products” iii. If there are links on that page that lead to auxiliary accessory pages, then follow the link and go back to 1.a.i. iv. Reverse look up product references and relate them back to the catalog, compute a product relation score and record the mapping and the score. 
 
 2. Calculate a final product relation score.
         Each of these algorithm steps will now be explained in detail. A main challenge of the Allied Products Module 818 is to be able to realize when a merchant is referring to a product on its web page. Due to variability in the expression of product names, the only reliable way to specifically identify a product is through “merchant SKUs”, or the unique product identifier that the merchant uses to refer to a product. In order to be able to recognize that a link on the merchant's page actually refers to a product already in the catalog, it is necessary to perform the step of “merchant SKU discovery”. The first time that the Allied Products Module 818 searches the URL of a merchant, it looks to see if it has done this before. If it has not, the program loads all of the URLs from the merchant that are present in catalog 26. The URLs are compared to each other and the variable part is determined to be a SKU. These SKUs are recorded for each merchant, with mappings back to product Ids in catalog 26, along with the delimiting characters that help to isolate the merchant SKU from the URL. When a URL is encountered on the merchant's page, the URL is dissected using the delimiters, and each sub-string the URL is searched for in the list of SKUs previously recorded from the merchant. If a match is found, then the Allied Products Module 818 knows that the URL refers to a product in the catalog. 
   
Often, when the Allied Products Module 818 processes a merchant page, or other product information source, to look for related product links, the merchant has decided to put the list of products on another page, e.g. http://www.buydig.com/shop.php?prod_id=CNPSA70&adv=cnet. In such a case, the Allied Products Module 818 must analyze the language in links like this, and follow them in order to find the product relations. The Allied Products Module 818 can use a mini-lexicon and can include the confidence that this link actually refers to accessories for the given product to the eventual scores for each resulting product reference. Sometimes links to accessory listings may actually be small images. OCR can be used in a known manner to get the text out of the image.
Many factors go into calculating a product relation score for relations that are discovered for each merchant. These can include:
    Providing a higher score based on whether the related product was manufactured by the same company. If the link includes language such as “ . . . for . . . ”, then the remaining part of the text is examined to see how well it matches, and the score is increased or reduced accordingly. This must take into consideration references such as “for Palm 500 series”, in which case it must be determined that a Palm 515 should get a bonus, as the word “series” indicates that the 515 is part of that. In contrast, if the link said “for Palm 505 only”, then the presence of the word “only” would indicate that a Palm 515 relating to this product should get a lower score. This kind of analysis requires identification of model IDs, and recognition of different types of including/exclusion language, as well as series specification and matching of model IDs. If the link includes a generic reference to entire categories or products, then a bonus is given if the category verbiage matches, e.g. “Viking MMC32M32MB MultiMedia Card for a MP3 player, PDA or digital camera”, when the PDA category is scanned, for example. This requires good lexicon synonym coverage for category names. Parsing HTML document from the merchant and when a link is found, the “group text concept” occurring prior to the link is searched for. For example, the heading before a set of related product links may be “Add-ons”, or “Accessories for the XXX”, etc. This is difficult, as there are a number of ways a merchant may do this in HTML. Placement, text characteristics, and language are all considered when looking for what these product links might refer to. When the group text concept is found, the score is increased if the language indicates that the list of links constitutes related products. The score is reduced for other types of relations, such as “Other people who bought this product also bought these . . . ”. Sometimes these “headers” are actually small images, so using OCR to get the text out of the image must be used in these cases. Discarding references to the products within the same category. Considering the price of the related product, as generally an accessory of a major product will cost less than a major product, such as a digital camera or notebook computer.   
Once all of the relations have been gathered for a product from all of the merchants, then the overall relation scores are calculated. The following can be factors in the computation:
    All of the merchant references are gathered, and higher scores are given to related products that were referred to by more than one merchant. This is not entirely reliable, as not all merchants may carry the product being scanned, for example there may be only 1 merchant in our list of merchants for a given product. The merchant rating (set manually by the catalog editor) for how well it specifies related products increases or decreases its contribution to the overall score for a given relation. The Potential Category-Category relations are taken into consideration and also contribute to modifying the score, both positively and negatively depending on the score of the potential relation that was previously discovered.   
When a whole category of products has been scanned, the following can be considered, in order to determine if the whole category itself can be allied to some products or to some other categories:
    Category counts—the total number of related products in each category are counted up. Categories with more related products in them are more likely to be validly related on the whole as an allied category of products, so the scores are adjusted accordingly based on the category counts. For example in the category of “Handheld Device Cases”, nearly every product within this category will already have a relation (or many relations) to other products. This fact indicates strongly that the entire category itself, i.e. “Handheld Device Cases” has a better chance of being itself validly related to some products as an allied category of products. Give score penalties for the related category being a “miscellaneous” type of category—although such a category may contain some products that would have valid relations, generally the miscellaneous category, on the whole, is not relevant to any particular product. Give a score penalty for relations from sibling categories, since, so long as the category tree is well conceived, such relations are usually bad (e.g. a desktop related to a notebook). The catalog editor may mark certain categories as being better or worse for the likelihood of having related products, and the system will use that information to adjust the scores (these are the Potential Category-Category relations?). If the scores pass a scanning threshold, then they are saved to the database, where the scores may be manually overridden if need be. There are actually two thresholds, a “scanning threshold” and a “publish threshold”. If the “scanning threshold” is met, the relation is saved, even though it may not get published. The idea here is that a good relation may get a low score for some reason but that the user may manually override the score if the relation is deemed worthy of publishing.   
A final pass for each product is to “highlight” the top 3 (or top n) products. The highlighted related products are composed of the highest scoring products, as well as the products that are not too similar looking (in order to give a good variety to the user when the related products page is first viewed). The Allied Products Module 818 takes the relation with the highest score, then moves onto the next one, checking the category that it is in and similarities in the product names. If the products go over a similarity threshold, then the second product is not highlighted, and the system moves onto the third highest scoring relation, and so on. A catalog editor may manually highlight products, and these take precedence.
Sometimes many relations are found that are very similar, making the browsing of these products tedious. The Allied Products Module 818 provides clustering information that allows the application, such as a web browser to optionally show the highest scoring relation in a cluster and not show others, but instead show a “more like this . . . ” link. The clusters are created using the opposite logic of the highlighting phase, and score relations on their similarity, including the category, manufacturer, fuzzy product name match (particularly differences that focus on variant-type language, including differing by one attribute, etc.), manually created cluster patterns, price, etc.
Once the allied products list is created and saved, product information records can be retrieved from merchants for products in accessory categories marked in the taxonomy. Product links or language that would signify what products/models this is allied to can be located by doing a look up in a product database and assigning confidence levels to the results using known sophisticated parsing techniques. The results from all merchants can be aggregated, a voting mechanism can be applied, and another list can be created. Both of these lists of relations can be used to derive an aggregated score. If the score is greater than a predetermined threshold, then the Product-to-Product link can be created in the table. This can include an inference to other product relations because of the main product being in a product line, e.g. one case may fit all Palm M series.
On second-pass scanning, only “potential” relations will be considered; the engine will ignore links not found to abide by these potential relations; but will archive the items thus ignored. When a certain mass of such items has been accumulated (or when a specified time period has elapsed) the first-pass scanning will be repeated.
During the aforementioned procedures of clusterer module 802, categorizer module 804, property scraper module 810, property aggregator module 814, description generator module 816, and allied products module 818, any number of products or offerings (or relations or bundles) can and will fall below required confidence thresholds. Post processing module 820 handles such products. These can either be deferred and saved until more data is available for the automated system to work from, or they can be retained in an incomplete and merely quasi-“UPIDized” form. Alternatively, they can be moved over to a tool for human editors to patch them up as much as possible, e.g. a product may not have had enough information to classify a TV between CRT TVs and portable TVs with enough confidence, and so an appropriate error status would be set, drawing a human being's attention right to the attribute that is in question, so that it can be filled in.
Previous tests of the entire procedure outlined in this documented have resulted in at least 80% automation (i.e. labor reduction, compared to using the “brute-force” method of manual data entry) and as high as 96% in some categories, while maintaining comparable accuracy and actually superior normalization to manual methods; this is from a test of over twenty diverse product categories ranging from action figures to heart monitors to baby car seats.
Furthermore, it should also be noted that one embodiment of the present invention has been described above where the Internet is the networked computer environment and the crawler is a Web crawler. Moreover, in the embodiment described above, the manufacturer's product specifications Web pages are deemed to be the manufacturer's product specifications source and the merchant's Web page are deemed to be the merchant's information source. However, the present invention is not limited thereto and may be applied to other types of networked computer environments and other sources as well. The present invention can be implemented over any type of communications channel, such as the Internet, a local area network (LAN), a wide area network (WAN), direct computer connections, or the like, using any type of communication hardware and protocols. Any type of hardware or combination of hardware can be used for the various clients and servers. Accordingly, the term “computer” as used above, refers to any type of computing device or data terminal, such as a personal computer, a portable computer, a dumb terminal, a thin client, a hand held device, a wireless phone, or any combination of such devices. The various clients and servers can be a single computer at a single location or multiple computers at a single or multiple locations. For example a server may be comprised of a plurality of redundant computers disposed in co-location facilities at various locations to facilitate scalability. Any appropriate server or client software can be used and any communication protocols can be used. Communication can be accomplished over electric cable, fiber optic cable, any other cable, or in a wireless manner using radio frequency, infrared, or other technologies. Any interface can be used for selecting products for purchase. The various information can be stored in any format and thus the term “database” as used above refers to any collection of information such as a database file, a lookup table, or the like.
Thus, the above described method and apparatus in accordance with the embodiments of the present invention provides a very effective system and method for aggregating desirable product information. As can now be fully appreciated, the present invention facilitates on-line commerce by allowing the provision of important product information to the shopper to thereby facilitate an informed purchase decision by the shopper. The present invention also provides a novel method for efficiently aggregating such product information from a networked computer environment and also provides a novel method for providing updated product information to shoppers thereby facilitating the purchase decision of the shopper.
The invention has been described through a preferred embodiment. However various modifications can be made without departing from the scope of the invention as defined by the appended claims and legal equivalents.
Glossary
allied product: a product that integrates functionally with another product—e.g. an accessory (envelope feeder for a printer), part (replacement screen for a PDA), supply (paper or printer cartridge), or maintenance equipment (tape head cleaner). The differences between these are significant as regards the exhaustibility of the item, whether a person typically buys it once, or many times, etc.
associated product: a broad term embracing all allied, variant, family and bundled products.
attribute value set: the set of all possible values recorded (or recordable) within the system for a particular attribute.
attribute: a function, relation, quality, quantity, purpose, material, format, structure, or effect produced, of a product. See also property.
categorization: the process of assigning a product to the category within a taxonomy where it most properly belongs.
category: a group of products sharing the same essential property definition as each other and occupying the same node in a taxonomy as each other.
clustering: the process of collecting into a group the offerings from different merchants that are of the identical product (or identical combination of products).
confidence score: a metric of the confidence that data is correct or reliable, e.g., that a product name or reference has been parsed and identified correctly being put forth by a data source as an allied product of another product, i.e. how sure is the system that what a given web page is saying, is that product A is an accessory for product B?
DOM:(Document Object Modeling): analyzing an HTML web page to segment it into various regions, e.g. header, footer, product spec table, product text description, recommended accessories, cross-sell/up-sell product listing, nav bar, ad blocks, etc. This can be a preliminary step to set up property scraping, item clustering, accessory discovery, etc.
minimum manufacturer name: the resulting string after a manufacturer name string has removed from various extraneous or common suffixes such as “Inc.”, “Corp.” etc.
normalization: The process of identifying attribute names and/or attribute values which have the same meaning but are expressed in superficially different nomenclature, and mapping them to a single, consistent form of expression.
normalized attribute value sets: attribute value sets that are fully normalized (see normalization), including any applicable units-of-measure. The attribute names themselves may or may not be normalized.
normalized attributes: Normalized attributes are those where the name of each attribute is normalized—the value set for the attribute may or may not be normalized.
normalized specs: A set of data consisting of attribute name/value/unit information where all of these elements are normalized.
potential relation: establishes a relation as valid by definition but subject to specific product compatibility testing. E.g. styluses are “potentially” linked to PDAs in general, but are subject to compatibility.
prior probability: the odds of a random guess being correct out of all the possibilities that conceptually exist. E.g. in clustering, if there are 2 products of a given type in the catalog and a new, unknown offering is about to be analyzed, its clustering has a prior probability of 0.33 (reflecting the 1-in-3 chance of its either being the same as one of the 2 products in the database, or being a third new one). A new offering compared against 99 catalogued products would have a prior probability for clustering of 0.01. The prior probability can affect the confidence estimations at various stages of clustering. Prior probability plays a role, mutatis mutandis, in various other aspects in auto-generation of catalog.
product bundle: a main product combined with any number of accessories, parts or supplies.
property: An attribute that either is intrinsic or else derives solely from perception of or use of the product in respect to its intrinsic properties. Some attributes of a product such as Brand, Price and Distributor SKU are not properties, as they may derive from other external forces apart from use of the product.
quasi-UPIDized: A set of data representing product offers that have been, in most instances, UPID-ized, but where a minority of product offers are not UPID-ized. (see UPID)
sister product: a similar, though distinctly different product that is a member of the same product line, series, or family, e.g. Palm V vs. Palm Vx.
taxonomy: a hierarchical tree, or other grouping of product categories.
UPID: “Universal Product ID” An identifier of one particular product among its multiple, variously described and variously named offers. Where available, a manufacturer part number, model ID, catalog number, or ISBN number can serve as the UPID. In many cases, no such UPID exists in external data sources and must be created and assigned by the system.
variant product: a version of a product that has a difference in feature configuration from the manufacturer or dealer but is essentially the same product. E.g. a notebook with 128 MB Ram and the same notebook but with 256 MB RAM.

Patent CitationsCited PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS4707592Oct 7, 1985Nov 17, 1987Ware Paul NPersonal universal identity card system for failsafe interactive financial transactionsUS5231566 *Mar 29, 1991Jul 27, 1993Shoppers ExpressMethod and apparatus for producing a catalogUS5319542Sep 27, 1990Jun 7, 1994International Business Machines CorporationSystem for ordering items using an electronic catalogueUS5420926Jan 5, 1994May 30, 1995At&T Corp.Anonymous credit card transactionsUS5550746Dec 5, 1994Aug 27, 1996American Greetings CorporationMethod and apparatus for storing and selectively retrieving product data by correlating customer selection criteria with optimum product designs based on embedded expert judgmentsUS5592375Mar 11, 1994Jan 7, 1997Eagleview, Inc.Computer-assisted system for interactively brokering goods or services between buyers and sellersUS5666493Aug 24, 1993Sep 9, 1997Lykes Bros., Inc.System for managing customer orders and method of implementationUS5671279Nov 13, 1995Sep 23, 1997Netscape Communications CorporationElectronic commerce using a secure courier systemUS5710887Aug 29, 1995Jan 20, 1998BroadvisionComputer system and method for electronic commerceUS5715314Oct 24, 1994Feb 3, 1998Open Market, Inc.Network sales systemUS5727048Nov 28, 1995Mar 10, 1998Fujitsu LimitedMultimedia communication system with a multimedia server to terminals via a public networkUS5740425 *Sep 26, 1995Apr 14, 1998Povilus; David S.Data structure and method for publishing electronic and printed product catalogsUS5742768Jul 16, 1996Apr 21, 1998Silicon Graphics, Inc.System and method for providing and displaying a web page having an embedded menuUS5758328Feb 22, 1996May 26, 1998Giovannoli; JosephComputerized quotation system and methodUS5758329Jun 7, 1995May 26, 1998Lykes Bros., Inc.System for managing customer orders and method of implementationUS5761649Jun 5, 1995Jun 2, 1998Charles E. Hill & Associates, Inc.Method for updating a remote computerUS5765143Mar 10, 1995Jun 9, 1998Triad Systems CorporationMethod and system for inventory managementUS5774872Sep 23, 1996Jun 30, 1998Richard GoldenAutomated taxable transaction reporting/collection systemUS5778173Jun 12, 1996Jul 7, 1998At&T Corp.Mechanism for enabling secure electronic transactions on the open internetUS5790426Apr 30, 1997Aug 4, 1998Athenium L.L.C.Automated collaborative filtering systemUS5790677Jun 29, 1995Aug 4, 1998Microsoft CorporationSystem and method for secure electronic commerce transactionsUS5794207Sep 4, 1996Aug 11, 1998Walker Asset Management Limited PartnershipMethod and apparatus for a cryptographically assisted commercial network system designed to facilitate buyer-driven conditional purchase offersUS5794221Jul 7, 1995Aug 11, 1998Egendorf; AndrewInternet billing methodUS5802497Jul 10, 1995Sep 1, 1998Digital Equipment CorporationMethod and apparatus for conducting computerized commerceUS5815665Apr 3, 1996Sep 29, 1998Microsoft CorporationSystem and method for providing trusted brokering services over a distributed networkUS5825884Jul 1, 1996Oct 20, 1998Thomson Consumer ElectronicsMethod and apparatus for operating a transactional server in a proprietary database environmentUS5832459Aug 13, 1996Nov 3, 1998Andersen Consulting LlpComputerized source searching system and method for use in an order entry systemUS5842178Jan 30, 1998Nov 24, 1998Giovannoli; JosephComputerized quotation system and methodUS5878141Aug 25, 1995Mar 2, 1999Microsoft CorporationComputerized purchasing system and method for mediating purchase transactions over an interactive networkUS5878401Feb 9, 1996Mar 2, 1999Joseph; JosephSales and inventory method and apparatusUS5890175 *Sep 25, 1996Mar 30, 1999Wong; GarlandDynamic generation and display of catalogsUS5895454Apr 17, 1997Apr 20, 1999Harrington; JulietteIntegrated interface for vendor/product oriented internet websitesUS5898777Mar 7, 1996Apr 27, 1999Portland Software, Inc.Digital product dissemination and saleUS5899980Aug 11, 1997May 4, 1999Trivnet Ltd.Retail method over a wide area networkUS5909492Jun 18, 1997Jun 1, 1999Open Market, IncorporatedNetwork sales systemUS5909673Jan 3, 1996Jun 1, 1999Gregory; Edward M.Method and system for creating site specific coupons at a plurality of remote locations which are controlled by a central officeUS5920854Aug 14, 1996Jul 6, 1999Infoseek CorporationReal-time document collection search engine with phrase indexingUS5930768Feb 6, 1996Jul 27, 1999Supersonic Boom, Inc.Method and system for remote user controlled manufacturingUS5930777May 23, 1997Jul 27, 1999Barber; Timothy P.Method of charging for pay-per-access information over a networkUS5953707Feb 21, 1997Sep 14, 1999Philips Electronics North America CorporationDecision support system for the management of an agile supply chainUS5961593Jan 22, 1997Oct 5, 1999Lucent Technologies, Inc.System and method for providing anonymous personalized browsing by a proxy system in a networkUS5966697Oct 30, 1997Oct 12, 1999Clearcommerce CorporationSystem and method for secure transaction order management processingUS5970472May 13, 1997Oct 19, 1999Fogdog SportsPerforming electronic commerce on the internet providing links from product manufacturers to authorized dealers where the authorized dealer provides a custom order interface for the manufacturer's productsUS5970475Oct 10, 1997Oct 19, 1999Intelisys Electronic Commerce, LlcElectronic procurement system and method for trading partnersUS5971273Sep 24, 1997Oct 26, 1999Vallaire; Milton E.Automated florist system allowing direct contact with delivering floristUS5983203Jan 3, 1997Nov 9, 1999Fmr Corp.Computer implemented method for processing data items from different sources of a common business attributeUS5991739Nov 24, 1997Nov 23, 1999Food.ComInternet online order method and apparatusUS5999908Sep 19, 1997Dec 7, 1999Abelow; Daniel H.Customer-based product design moduleUS5999919Feb 26, 1997Dec 7, 1999At&TEfficient micropayment systemUS6002771May 22, 1996Dec 14, 1999Sun Microsystems, Inc.Method and system for regulating discounts on merchandise distributed through networked computer systemsUS6006200May 22, 1998Dec 21, 1999International Business Machines CorporationMethod of providing an identifier for transactionsUS6023683Aug 10, 1994Feb 8, 2000Fisher Scientific CompanyElectronic sourcing system and methodUS6032130Oct 22, 1997Feb 29, 2000Video Road Digital Inc.Multimedia product catalog and electronic purchasing systemUS6125352Nov 13, 1996Sep 26, 2000Microsoft CorporationSystem and method for conducting commerce over a distributed networkUS6154738May 21, 1999Nov 28, 2000Call; Charles GainorMethods and apparatus for disseminating product information via the internet using universal product codesUS6185608Jun 12, 1998Feb 6, 2001International Business Machines CorporationCaching dynamic web pagesUS6209029May 12, 1998Mar 27, 2001Silverstream Software, Inc.Method and apparatus for accessing data sources in a three tier environmentUS6304864Apr 20, 1999Oct 16, 2001Textwise LlcSystem for retrieving multimedia information from the internet using multiple evolving intelligent agentsUS6405175Jul 27, 1999Jun 11, 2002David Way NgShopping scouts web site for rewarding customer referrals on product and price information with rewards scaled by the number of shoppers using the information* Cited by examinerNon-Patent CitationsReference1Jones et al., "IndustryNet: a Model for Commerce on the World Wide Web" Oct. 1995, IEEE Expert, vol. 10, No. 5, pp. 54-59.2Poley et al., "The Potential for Trade Facilitated by the Internaet 1996-2000: a Review of Demand Supply and Internet Trade Models" Jan. 1998, Proceedings of the Thurty-First Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, vol. 4 pp. 21-221.3US 5,894,520, 04/1999, Nielsen (withdrawn)Referenced byCiting PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS7246110 *May 25, 2000Jul 17, 2007Cnet Networks, Inc.Product feature and relation comparison systemUS7359898Feb 26, 2004Apr 15, 2008Yahoo! Inc.Scoring mechanism selection along multiple dimensionsUS7590310 *May 5, 2005Sep 15, 2009Facet Technology Corp.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS7606390 *Aug 14, 2008Oct 20, 2009Digimarc CorporationProcessing data representing video and audio and methods and apparatus related theretoUS7630972Jan 5, 2007Dec 8, 2009Yahoo! Inc.Clustered search processingUS7647351 *Sep 14, 2006Jan 12, 2010Stragent, LlcWeb scrape template generationUS7660742Sep 2, 2004Feb 9, 2010Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod of and system for processing purchase ordersUS7672877 *Feb 26, 2004Mar 2, 2010Yahoo! Inc.Product data classificationUS7693902Aug 2, 2007Apr 6, 2010Yahoo! Inc.Enabling clustered search processing via text messagingUS7720721 *Mar 30, 2007May 18, 2010Amazon Technologies, Inc.Method and system for analyzing user interaction to identify documents associated with dissimilar items that may contain synonymsUS7724890Sep 7, 2005May 25, 2010Sap AgFocused retrieval of selected data in a call center environmentUS7730485 *Aug 10, 2004Jun 1, 2010At&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.System and method for advertising to a Wi-Fi deviceUS7739203Jul 26, 2004Jun 15, 2010Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for classifying retail products and services using price band categoriesUS7805335Jul 30, 2004Sep 28, 2010Sap AgPurchase list having status indicatorsUS7813949Mar 8, 2005Oct 12, 2010Sap AgMethod and system for flexible budgeting in a purchase order systemUS7870039Aug 17, 2004Jan 11, 2011Yahoo! Inc.Automatic product categorizationUS7873765 *Mar 31, 2005Jan 18, 2011Google, Inc.Method and system for detection of peripheral devices and communication of related devicesUS7877677Mar 1, 2007Jan 25, 2011Infogin Ltd.Methods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS7885859Mar 10, 2006Feb 8, 2011Yahoo! Inc.Assigning into one set of categories information that has been assigned to other sets of categoriesUS7904462 *Dec 10, 2007Mar 8, 2011Amazon Technologies, Inc.Comparison engine for identifying documents describing similar subject matterUS7917436Oct 30, 2007Mar 29, 2011At&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.Internet billing methodUS7920894Oct 30, 2007Apr 5, 2011Infogin, Ltd.Methods and apparatus for analyzing, processing and formatting network information such as web-pagesUS7936900Oct 20, 2009May 3, 2011Digimarc CorporationProcessing data representing video and audio and methods related theretoUS7937370Feb 21, 2007May 3, 2011Axeda CorporationRetrieving data from a serverUS7941269Nov 11, 2008May 10, 2011Rialcardo Tice B.V. LlcNetwork-based navigation system having virtual drive-thru advertisements integrated with actual imagery from along a physical routeUS7957354Dec 20, 2005Jun 7, 2011G&H Nevada-TekInternet enabled cellular telephonesUS7962377Jan 31, 2005Jun 14, 2011Sap AktiengesellschaftComputer program product for purchase order processingUS7962461 *Dec 14, 2004Jun 14, 2011Google Inc.Method and system for finding and aggregating reviews for a productUS7966418Feb 20, 2004Jun 21, 2011Axeda CorporationEstablishing a virtual tunnel between two computer programsUS7970722Nov 9, 2009Jun 28, 2011Aloft Media, LlcSystem, method and computer program product for a collaborative decision platformUS7983962Mar 7, 2005Jul 19, 2011Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for purchase order data entryUS7995796Apr 7, 2009Aug 9, 2011Facet Technology Corp.System for road sign sheeting classificationUS8005777Jul 27, 2010Aug 23, 2011Aloft Media, LlcSystem, method and computer program product for a collaborative decision platformUS8027886Aug 10, 2004Sep 27, 2011Sap AktiengesellschaftProgram product for purchase order processingUS8046273Mar 8, 2005Oct 25, 2011Sap AgSystem and method for purchase order creation, procurement, and controllingUS8050956Mar 7, 2005Nov 1, 2011Sap AgComputer-readable medium, program product, and system for providing a schedule bar with event dates to monitor procurement of a productUS8050990Nov 4, 2004Nov 1, 2011Sap AgMethod of and system for generating purchase orders using an auction processUS8055758 *Aug 14, 2006Nov 8, 2011Axeda CorporationReporting the state of an apparatus to a remote computerUS8060886Feb 12, 2007Nov 15, 2011Axeda CorporationXML scripting of SOAP commandsUS8065397Dec 26, 2006Nov 22, 2011Axeda Acquisition CorporationManaging configurations of distributed devicesUS8068603May 21, 2010Nov 29, 2011Sap AgFocused retrieval of selected data in a call center environmentUS8086496Feb 5, 2008Dec 27, 2011Microsoft CorporationAggregation of product data provided from external sources for presentation on an E-commerce websiteUS8086532Feb 21, 2011Dec 27, 2011At&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.Internet billing methodUS8099337Jun 19, 2007Jan 17, 2012Sap AgReplenishment planning managementUS8099403Mar 30, 2010Jan 17, 2012Digimarc CorporationContent identification and management in content distribution networksUS8103557 *Jan 23, 2003Jan 24, 2012Ricoh Company, Ltd.Online merchandising system, online catalog presenting method, server, computer program product, and computer data signalUS8108543Apr 17, 2002Jan 31, 2012Axeda CorporationRetrieving data from a serverUS8117078Nov 3, 2009Feb 14, 2012Sap AgMethod and program product for event monitoringUS8145637Oct 30, 2009Mar 27, 2012Yahoo, Inc.Clustered search processingUS8150216 *Sep 14, 2009Apr 3, 2012Google Inc.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS8160988Jul 27, 2010Apr 17, 2012Aloft Media, LlcSystem, method and computer program product for a collaborative decision platformUS8161030May 5, 2011Apr 17, 2012Google Inc.Method and system for aggregating reviews and searching within reviews for a productUS8165600Apr 16, 2010Apr 24, 2012At&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.System and method for advertising to a Wi-Fi deviceUS8209327 *Feb 7, 2011Jun 26, 2012Kelora Systems, LlcDisplay and search interface for product databaseUS8234147 *May 15, 2009Jul 31, 2012Microsoft CorporationMulti-variable product rankUS8234375 *Dec 8, 2006Jul 31, 2012Mybuys, Inc.Apparatus and method for providing a marketing serviceUS8290986Jun 27, 2007Oct 16, 2012Yahoo! Inc.Determining quality measures for web objects based on searcher behaviorUS8291039May 11, 2011Oct 16, 2012Axeda CorporationEstablishing a virtual tunnel between two computer programsUS8326841Oct 11, 2011Dec 4, 2012Yahoo! Inc.Clustered search processingUS8335791Dec 28, 2006Dec 18, 2012Amazon Technologies, Inc.Detecting synonyms and merging synonyms into search indexesUS8346764 *Sep 11, 2009Jan 1, 2013Thomson Reuters Global ResourcesInformation retrieval systems, methods, and software with content-relevancy enhancementsUS8352473Apr 21, 2010Jan 8, 2013Microsoft CorporationProduct synthesis from multiple sourcesUS8370479Oct 3, 2006Feb 5, 2013Axeda Acquisition CorporationSystem and method for dynamically grouping devices based on present device conditionsUS8380694Feb 28, 2012Feb 19, 2013Google, Inc.Method and system for aggregating reviews and searching within reviews for a productUS8406119Sep 29, 2006Mar 26, 2013Axeda Acquisition CorporationAdaptive device-initiated pollingUS8406992Dec 17, 2010Mar 26, 2013Rialcardo Tice B.V. LlcNetwork-based navigation system having virtual drive-thru advertisements integrated with actual imagery from along a physical routeUS8423428Aug 10, 2004Apr 16, 2013Sap AgMethod for allocation of budget to order periods and delivery periods in a purchase order systemUS8478861Jul 6, 2007Jul 2, 2013Axeda Acquisition Corp.Managing distributed devices with limited connectivityUS8655697Jan 31, 2005Feb 18, 2014Sap AktiengesellschaftAllocation table generation from assortment planningUS8660311Aug 8, 2011Feb 25, 2014Facet Technology Corp.System for assessment reflective objects along a roadwayUS8683032Dec 6, 2005Mar 25, 2014Bmc Software, Inc.Generic discovery for computer networksUS8693043 *Dec 19, 2003Apr 8, 2014Kofax, Inc.Automatic document separationUS8694680Mar 1, 2007Apr 8, 2014Infogin Ltd.Methods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS8700495 *Sep 16, 2011Apr 15, 2014Cbs Interactive Inc.Systems and methods for mapping records in a manufacturer line, series, model hierarchyUS8712979Aug 20, 2010Apr 29, 2014Bmc Software, Inc.Statistical identification of instances during reconciliation processUS8739027Mar 1, 2007May 27, 2014Infogin, Ltd.Methods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS8744928Jun 29, 2012Jun 3, 2014Mybuys, Inc.Apparatus and method for providing a marketing serviceUS8752074Oct 4, 2011Jun 10, 2014Axeda CorporationScripting of soap commandsUS8762497Dec 19, 2011Jun 24, 2014Axeda CorporationRetrieving data from a serverUS8769095Dec 26, 2012Jul 1, 2014Axeda Acquisition Corp.System and method for dynamically grouping devices based on present device conditionsUS8788372 *Sep 7, 2004Jul 22, 2014Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for classifying retail products and services using characteristic-based grouping structuresUS8788632Oct 4, 2011Jul 22, 2014Axeda Acquisition Corp.Managing configurations of distributed devicesUS8825677 *Sep 20, 2006Sep 2, 2014Ebay Inc.Listing generation utilizing catalog informationUS8844010Jul 19, 2011Sep 23, 2014Project SliceAggregation of emailed product order and shipping informationUS8855375Jan 11, 2013Oct 7, 2014Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS8860944Sep 12, 2013Oct 14, 2014Facet Technology Corp.System and assessment of reflective objects along a roadwayUS8862573Apr 4, 2007Oct 14, 2014Textdigger, Inc.Search system and method with text function taggingUS8863014 *Oct 19, 2011Oct 14, 2014New Commerce Solutions Inc.User interface for product comparisonUS8868554 *Feb 26, 2004Oct 21, 2014Yahoo! Inc.Associating product offerings with product abstractionsUS8879120Jan 11, 2013Nov 4, 2014Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS8885229May 2, 2014Nov 11, 2014Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for detecting and classifying objects in video captured using mobile devicesUS8898294Oct 3, 2011Nov 25, 2014Axeda CorporationReporting the state of an apparatus to a remote computerUS8903199Feb 6, 2012Dec 2, 2014Google Inc.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS8908996Jan 31, 2012Dec 9, 2014Google Inc.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS8908997May 29, 2014Dec 9, 2014Google Inc.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS8930370Mar 30, 2012Jan 6, 2015Cbs Interactive Inc.Content aggregation method and apparatus for on-line purchasing systemUS8958605Feb 7, 2014Feb 17, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems, methods and computer program products for determining document validityUS8971587Jul 17, 2014Mar 3, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS8989515Jan 11, 2013Mar 24, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9002980Sep 13, 2012Apr 7, 2015Axeda CorporationEstablishing a virtual tunnel between two computer programsUS9026996Jun 24, 2013May 5, 2015International Business Machines CorporationProviding assistance in making change decisions in a configurable managed environmentUS9047369Apr 2, 2012Jun 2, 2015Alibaba Group Holding LimitedMethod and apparatus of determining product category informationUS9058515Mar 19, 2014Jun 16, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for identification document processing and business workflow integrationUS9058580Mar 19, 2014Jun 16, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for identification document processing and business workflow integrationUS9064230Jan 31, 2013Jun 23, 2015Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Ranking keywords for product types with manual curationUS9110984Jun 22, 2012Aug 18, 2015Google Inc.Methods and systems for constructing a taxonomy based on hierarchical clusteringUS9135396 *Dec 22, 2008Sep 15, 2015Amazon Technologies, Inc.Method and system for determining sets of variant itemsUS9137115 *Aug 15, 2005Sep 15, 2015Bmc Software, Inc.System and method for resource reconciliation in an enterprise management systemUS9137417Jul 24, 2014Sep 15, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for processing video dataUS9141926Apr 23, 2014Sep 22, 2015Kofax, Inc.Smart mobile application development platformUS9158799Mar 14, 2013Oct 13, 2015Bmc Software, Inc.Storing and retrieving context sensitive data in a management systemUS9158967Jan 11, 2013Oct 13, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9165187Jan 11, 2013Oct 20, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9165188Jan 11, 2013Oct 20, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9170902Feb 20, 2013Oct 27, 2015Ptc Inc.Adaptive device-initiated pollingUS9177059 *Sep 9, 2011Nov 3, 2015Cbs Interactive Inc.Method and system for determining allied productsUS9208536Sep 19, 2014Dec 8, 2015Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for three dimensional geometric reconstruction of captured image dataUS9218605 *Sep 21, 2011Dec 22, 2015Nokia Technologies OyMethod and apparatus for managing recommendation modelsUS9245029Feb 27, 2014Jan 26, 2016Textdigger, Inc.Search system with query refinement and search methodUS9253349Aug 29, 2014Feb 2, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for detecting and classifying objects in video captured using mobile devicesUS9262503 *Jan 31, 2008Feb 16, 2016Information Resources, Inc.Similarity matching of products based on multiple classification schemesUS9311373Dec 28, 2012Apr 12, 2016Microsoft Technology Licensing, LlcTaxonomy driven site navigationUS9311531Mar 13, 2014Apr 12, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for classifying objects in digital images captured using mobile devicesUS9323801Mar 11, 2014Apr 26, 2016Bmc Software, Inc.Statistical identification of instances during reconciliation processUS9335255Oct 13, 2014May 10, 2016Facet Technology Corp.System and assessment of reflective objects along a roadwayUS9342742Jan 11, 2013May 17, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9349143Nov 24, 2008May 24, 2016Ebay Inc.System and method for generating an electronic catalog booklet for online computer usersUS9355312Mar 13, 2013May 31, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for classifying objects in digital images captured using mobile devicesUS9384233Dec 4, 2012Jul 5, 2016Microsoft Technology Licensing, LlcProduct synthesis from multiple sourcesUS9386235Nov 14, 2014Jul 5, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for generating composite images of long documents using mobile video dataUS9396388May 20, 2014Jul 19, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems, methods and computer program products for determining document validityUS9400838Apr 11, 2006Jul 26, 2016Textdigger, Inc.System and method for searching for a queryUS9418138Sep 10, 2015Aug 16, 2016Amazon Technologies, Inc.Method and system for determining sets of variant itemsUS9418147Sep 5, 2014Aug 16, 2016Alibaba Group Holding LimitedMethod and apparatus of determining product category informationUS9424277Oct 31, 2014Aug 23, 2016Google Inc.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS9443256Aug 30, 2014Sep 13, 2016Paypal, Inc.Focused advertising across multiple communication channelsUS9459246Nov 6, 2013Oct 4, 2016Nodality, Inc.Induced intercellular communicationUS9466063Feb 15, 2011Oct 11, 2016Information Resources, Inc.Cluster processing of an aggregated datasetUS9471440 *Apr 28, 2014Oct 18, 2016Alibaba Group Holding LimitedMethod and system for processing product propertiesUS9483794Mar 19, 2014Nov 1, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for identification document processing and business workflow integrationUS9491049Jul 18, 2014Nov 8, 2016Ptc Inc.Managing configurations of distributed devicesUS9491071Jun 27, 2014Nov 8, 2016Ptc Inc.System and method for dynamically grouping devices based on present device conditionsUS9508054Apr 13, 2015Nov 29, 2016Slice Technologies, Inc.Extracting purchase-related information from electronic messagesUS9514357Jan 11, 2013Dec 6, 2016Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for mobile image capture and processingUS9563904Oct 21, 2014Feb 7, 2017Slice Technologies, Inc.Extracting product purchase information from electronic messagesUS9563915 *Apr 13, 2015Feb 7, 2017Slice Technologies, Inc.Extracting purchase-related information from digital documentsUS9576021 *Sep 19, 2008Feb 21, 2017Ebay Inc.Item matchingUS9576272Jul 20, 2015Feb 21, 2017Kofax, Inc.Systems, methods and computer program products for determining document validityUS9584729Dec 28, 2015Feb 28, 2017Kofax, Inc.Systems and methods for improving video captured using mobile devicesUS9591065Jun 6, 2014Mar 7, 2017Ptc Inc.Scripting of SOAP commandsUS9607098Jun 2, 2014Mar 28, 2017Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Determination of product attributes and values using a product entity graphUS9639531Apr 9, 2008May 2, 2017The Nielsen Company (Us), LlcMethods and apparatus to play and control playing of media in a web pageUS9641474Aug 12, 2014May 2, 2017Slice Technologies, Inc.Aggregation of emailed product order and shipping informationUS9671328May 6, 2016Jun 6, 2017Facet Technology Corp.System and assessment of reflective objects along a roadwayUS9674067Oct 23, 2015Jun 6, 2017PTC, Inc.Adaptive device-initiated pollingUS9712385Apr 6, 2016Jul 18, 2017PTC, Inc.Managing configurations of distributed devicesUS20030139976 *Jan 23, 2003Jul 24, 2003Atsushi HanaiOnline merchandising system, online catalog presenting method, server, computer program product, and computer data signalUS20040093333 *Nov 6, 2003May 13, 2004Masaru SuzukiStructured data retrieval apparatus, method, and programUS20040162820 *Nov 21, 2003Aug 19, 2004Taylor JamesSearch cart for search resultsUS20050134935 *Dec 19, 2003Jun 23, 2005Schmidtler Mauritius A.R.Automatic document separationUS20050137936 *Dec 23, 2003Jun 23, 2005Bellsouth Intellectual Property CorporationMethods and systems for pricing products utilizing pricelists based on qualifiersUS20050197883 *Sep 7, 2004Sep 8, 2005Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for classifying retail products and services using characteristic-based grouping structuresUS20050197949 *Nov 4, 2004Sep 8, 2005Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod of and system for generating purchase orders using an auction processUS20050197971 *Jul 26, 2004Sep 8, 2005Sap AgMethod and system for classifying retail products and services using price band categoriesUS20050216357 *Jul 30, 2004Sep 29, 2005Sap AktiengesellschaftPurchase list having status indicatorsUS20050216375 *Mar 8, 2005Sep 29, 2005Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for flexible budgeting in a purchase order systemUS20050235020 *Jan 31, 2005Oct 20, 2005Sap AktiengesellschaftAllocation table generation from assortment planningUS20050271304 *May 5, 2005Dec 8, 2005Retterath Jamie EMethods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS20060015417 *Mar 7, 2005Jan 19, 2006Sap AktiengesellschaftMethod and system for purchase order data entryUS20060036517 *Aug 10, 2004Feb 16, 2006Sbc Knowledge Ventures, L.P.System and method for advertising to a Wi-Fi deviceUS20060059031 *Aug 6, 2004Mar 16, 2006Sap AktiengesellschaftRisk managementUS20060123104 *Dec 6, 2005Jun 8, 2006Bmc Software, Inc.Generic discovery for computer networksUS20060129446 *Dec 14, 2004Jun 15, 2006Ruhl Jan MMethod and system for finding and aggregating reviews for a productUS20060136585 *Aug 15, 2005Jun 22, 2006Bmc Software, Inc.Resource reconciliationUS20060168516 *Mar 23, 2006Jul 27, 2006Ablaise LimitedServing signalsUS20060218058 *Jun 5, 2006Sep 28, 2006Lykes Bros., Inc.System for Managing Customer OrdersUS20060235870 *Jan 31, 2006Oct 19, 2006Musgrove Technology Enterprises, LlcSystem and method for generating an interlinked taxonomy structureUS20060242192 *Jun 21, 2006Oct 26, 2006American Freeway Inc. D/B/A Smartshop.ComContent aggregation method and apparatus for on-line purchasing systemUS20070011154 *Apr 11, 2006Jan 11, 2007Textdigger, Inc.System and method for searching for a queryUS20070038779 *Jul 16, 2006Feb 15, 2007Hickman Paul LMethod and apparatus for accessing a wide area networkUS20070050478 *Jul 16, 2006Mar 1, 2007Hickman Paul LWireless telephone with internet accessUS20070150588 *Dec 8, 2006Jun 28, 2007Majeed GhadialyApparatus and method for providing a marketing serviceUS20070206221 *Mar 1, 2007Sep 6, 2007Wyler Eran SMethods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS20070206737 *Nov 27, 2006Sep 6, 2007Hickman Paul LMethod and apparatus for accessing a wide area networkUS20070214140 *Mar 10, 2006Sep 13, 2007Dom Byron EAssigning into one set of categories information that has been assigned to other sets of categoriesUS20070226045 *Mar 23, 2007Sep 27, 2007Zhimin ChenSystem and method for processing preference dataUS20080016462 *Mar 1, 2007Jan 17, 2008Wyler Eran SMethods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS20080059451 *Apr 4, 2007Mar 6, 2008Textdigger, Inc.Search system and method with text function taggingUS20080071819 *Sep 14, 2006Mar 20, 2008Jonathan MonsarratAutomatically extracting data and identifying its data type from Web pagesUS20080071829 *Sep 14, 2006Mar 20, 2008Jonathan MonsarratOnline marketplace for automatically extracted dataUS20080077504 *Sep 20, 2006Mar 27, 2008Ebay Inc.Listing generation utilizing catalog informationUS20080082415 *Dec 21, 2006Apr 3, 2008Vishwanath ShastryListing generation and advertising management utilizing catalog informationUS20080153467 *Mar 1, 2007Jun 26, 2008Eran Shmuel WylerMethods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS20080168052 *Jan 5, 2007Jul 10, 2008Yahoo! Inc.Clustered search processingUS20080270398 *Apr 30, 2007Oct 30, 2008Landau Matthew JProduct affinity engine and methodUS20080275864 *Aug 2, 2007Nov 6, 2008Yahoo! Inc.Enabling clustered search processing via text messagingUS20080306831 *Jun 5, 2007Dec 11, 2008Jack Phillip AbrahamSystems and methods for facilitating purchase transactions in a networkUS20090006357 *Jun 27, 2007Jan 1, 2009Alexandrin PopesculDetermining quality measures for web objects based on searcher behaviorUS20090012841 *Feb 27, 2008Jan 8, 2009Yahoo! Inc.Event communication platform for mobile device usersUS20090012971 *Jan 31, 2008Jan 8, 2009Herbert Dennis HuntSimilarity matching of products based on multiple classification schemesUS20090024719 *Mar 1, 2007Jan 22, 2009Eran Shmuel WylerMethods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS20090043777 *Mar 1, 2007Feb 12, 2009Eran Shmuel WylerMethods and apparatus for enabling use of web content on various types of devicesUS20090198594 *Feb 5, 2008Aug 6, 2009Microsoft CorporationAggregation of product data provided from external sources for presentation on an e-commerce websiteUS20090238355 *Mar 20, 2008Sep 24, 2009Info Directions, Inc.Guided assignment of telephone featuresUS20090252376 *Apr 7, 2009Oct 8, 2009Retterath Jamie ESystem for Road Sign Sheeting ClassificationUS20090254540 *Nov 3, 2008Oct 8, 2009Textdigger, Inc.Method and apparatus for automated tag generation for digital contentUS20090259926 *Apr 9, 2008Oct 15, 2009Alexandros DeliyannisMethods and apparatus to play and control playing of media content in a web pageUS20090313228 *Jun 12, 2009Dec 17, 2009Roopnath GrandhiMethod and system for clusteringUS20100042467 *Aug 14, 2008Feb 18, 2010Reza BundyMethod and Apparatus for Implementing an Automatic Marketing SystemUS20100080411 *Sep 29, 2008Apr 1, 2010Alexandros DeliyannisMethods and apparatus to automatically crawl the internet using image analysisUS20100082572 *Sep 19, 2008Apr 1, 2010Aditya AroraItem matchingUS20100082597 *Sep 14, 2009Apr 1, 2010Facet Technology Corp.Methods and apparatus for automated true object-based image analysis and retrievalUS20100082618 *Oct 30, 2009Apr 1, 2010Yahoo! Inc.Clustered search processingUS20100095024 *Sep 25, 2009Apr 15, 2010Infogin Ltd.Mobile sites detection and handlingUS20100106857 *Oct 30, 2007Apr 29, 2010Infogin, Ltd.Methods and apparatus for analyzing, processing and formatting network information such as web-pagesUS20100114814 *Nov 17, 2009May 6, 2010Stragent, LlcOnline marketplace for automatically extracted dataUS20100122155 *Nov 17, 2009May 13, 2010Stragent, LlcOnline marketplace for automatically extracted dataUS20100131492 *Nov 24, 2008May 27, 2010Srikanth NandirajuSystem and method for generating an electronic catalog booklet for online computer usersUS20100161577 *Sep 30, 2009Jun 24, 2010Bmc Software, Inc.Method of Reconciling Resources in the Metadata HierarchyUS20100217661 *Apr 16, 2010Aug 26, 2010At&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.System and Method for Advertising to a Wi-Fi DeviceUS20100235268 *May 21, 2010Sep 16, 2010Sap AgFocused retrieval of selected data in a call center environmentUS20100293034 *May 15, 2009Nov 18, 2010Microsoft CorporationMulti-variable product rankUS20100306168 *May 18, 2010Dec 2, 2010Nima OstadTransaction data capture devices and related methodsUS20110131101 *Feb 7, 2011Jun 2, 2011Mohamed Sherif DanishDisplay and search interface for product databaseUS20110137908 *Dec 28, 2010Jun 9, 2011Byron Edward DomAssigning into one set of categories information that has been assigned to other sets of categoriesUS20110153460 *Dec 17, 2009Jun 23, 2011Allen Keith WattsSingle window based e-commerce business transactionUS20110208669 *May 5, 2011Aug 25, 2011Jan Matthias RuhlMethod and System for Aggregating Reviews and Searching Within Reviews for a ProductUS20110238637 *Aug 20, 2010Sep 29, 2011Bmc Software, Inc.Statistical Identification of Instances During Reconciliation ProcessUS20120102040 *Sep 16, 2011Apr 26, 2012Cbs Interactive Inc.Systems and methods for mapping records in a manufacturer line, series, model hierarchyUS20120221442 *May 11, 2012Aug 30, 2012Microsoft CorporationMulti-variable product rankUS20130024525 *Jan 12, 2012Jan 24, 2013Project Slice Inc.Augmented Aggregation of Emailed Product Order and Shipping InformationUS20130073485 *Sep 21, 2011Mar 21, 2013Nokia CorporationMethod and apparatus for managing recommendation modelsUS20130231969 *Mar 1, 2013Sep 5, 2013CrowdFlower, Inc.Adaptive workflow definition of crowd sourced tasks and quality control mechanisms for multiple business applicationsUS20140324784 *Apr 28, 2014Oct 30, 2014Alibaba Group Holding LimitedMethod and system for processing product propertiesUS20140351091 *May 24, 2013Nov 27, 2014Ficstar Software, Inc.System and method for synchronized web scrapingUS20150235301 *Apr 13, 2015Aug 20, 2015Slice Technologies, Inc.Extracting purchase-related information from digital documentsUS20150254252 *May 19, 2015Sep 10, 2015Wakelet LimitedSearch ranking of web-based social content aggregationsUS20160019611 *Sep 29, 2015Jan 21, 2016Cbs Interactive Inc.Method and system for determining allied productsUS20160027097 *Jul 23, 2014Jan 28, 2016Zenni Optical Inc.Visual Search Interface for Open Filters for Eyeglass SelectionUS20160063582 *Nov 4, 2015Mar 3, 2016Cbs Interactive Inc.Method and system for determining allied productsUS20160086239 *Nov 30, 2015Mar 24, 2016Cbs Interactive Inc.Method and system for determining allied productsUS20160086240 *Nov 30, 2015Mar 24, 2016Cbs Interactive Inc.Method and system for determining allied productsCN101583949BDec 10, 2007Oct 23, 2013雅虎公司Clustered search processingWO2008085637A3 *Dec 10, 2007Aug 21, 2008Yahoo IncClustered search processingWO2008137395A1 *Apr 29, 2008Nov 13, 2008Yahoo! Inc,Enabling clustered search processing via text messagingWO2017050991A1 *Sep 23, 2016Mar 30, 20173Desk LtdAggregating profile information* Cited by examinerClassifications  U.S. Classification1/1, 715/204, 715/205, 707/E17.108, 715/256, 707/999.003, 707/999.104, 707/999.01International ClassificationG06F, G06Q30/00, G06F17/27, G06F17/30Cooperative ClassificationG06Q30/0605, G06Q30/0625, G06F17/30477, G06F17/30554, G06F17/30528, G06Q30/0637, G06Q30/0609, G06Q30/0603, G06F17/30864, H04L67/02, G06F17/30598, Y10S707/99945, Y10S707/99933, G06Q30/02, G06Q20/04, G06Q20/12, G06Q30/06European ClassificationG06Q20/04, G06Q20/12, G06Q30/06, G06Q30/02, G06F17/30W1Legal EventsDateCodeEventDescriptionApr 5, 2004ASAssignmentOwner name: AMERICAN FREEWAY INC. D/B/A SAMARTSHOP.COM, CALIFOFree format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNORS:MUSGROVE, TIMOTHY ALLEN;WALSH, ROBIN HIROKO;REEL/FRAME:015183/0909Effective date: 20040304Sep 19, 2006ASAssignmentOwner name: CNET NETWORK, INC., CALIFORNIAFree format text: ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT;ASSIGNOR:AMERICAN FREEWAY, INC. D/B/A SMARTSHOP.COM;REEL/FRAME:018320/0964Effective date: 20020419Oct 22, 2007ASAssignmentOwner name: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, WAFree format text: SECURITY AGREEMENT;ASSIGNOR:CNET NETWORKS, INC.;REEL/FRAME:019995/0150Effective date: 20071012Owner name: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT,WASFree format text: SECURITY AGREEMENT;ASSIGNOR:CNET NETWORKS, INC.;REEL/FRAME:019995/0150Effective date: 20071012Jun 30, 2008ASAssignmentOwner name: CNET NETWORKS, INC., CALIFORNIAFree format text: RELEASE BY SECURED PARTY;ASSIGNOR:BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.;REEL/FRAME:021172/0207Effective date: 20080630Owner name: CNET NETWORKS, INC.,CALIFORNIAFree format text: RELEASE BY SECURED PARTY;ASSIGNOR:BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.;REEL/FRAME:021172/0207Effective date: 20080630Oct 23, 2008ASAssignmentOwner name: CBS INTERACTIVE INC., DELAWAREFree format text: CHANGE OF NAME;ASSIGNOR:CNET NETWORKS, INC;REEL/FRAME:021719/0564Effective date: 20080930Owner name: CBS INTERACTIVE INC.,DELAWAREFree format text: CHANGE OF NAME;ASSIGNOR:CNET NETWORKS, INC;REEL/FRAME:021719/0564Effective date: 20080930Dec 23, 2009FPAYFee paymentYear of fee payment: 4Jan 27, 2014FPAYFee paymentYear of fee payment: 8RotateOriginal ImageGoogle Home - Sitemap - USPTO Bulk Downloads - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - About Google Patents - Send FeedbackData provided by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services  

The Rise and Fall of Enron





















































































 Breaking News














FeaturePROFESSIONAL ISSUES












The Rise and Fall of Enron
When a company looks too good to be true, it usually is.
BY C. WILLIAM THOMAS













Related






TOPICS

FraudAccounting and Financial Reporting
Internal Control over Financial Reporting











If
    you’re like most, you’ve been astonished, disillusioned and angered
    as you learned of the meteoric rise and fall of Enron Corp. Remember
    the company’s television commercial of not so long ago, ending with
    the reverberating phrase, “Ask why, why, why?” That question is now
    on everyone’s lips. The Enron case is a dream for academics who
    conduct research and teach. For those currently or formerly involved
    with the company, such as creditors, auditors, the SEC and
    accounting regulators, it’s a nightmare that will continue for a
    long time.  

Formal
    investigations of Enron are now under way, headed by the company’s
    board, the SEC, the Justice Department and Congress. The exact
    causes and details of the disaster may not be known for months. The
    purpose of this article is to summarize preliminary observations
    about the collapse, as well as changes in financial reporting,
    auditing and corporate governance that are being proposed in
    response by Big Five accounting firms, the AICPA and the SEC. 


IN A WAY IT'S SIMPLE, IN A WAY IT'S NOT 

On
    the surface, the motives and attitudes behind decisions and events
    leading to Enron’s eventual downfall appear simple enough:
    individual and collective greed born in an atmosphere of market
    euphoria and corporate arrogance. Hardly anyone—the company, its
    employees, analysts or individual investors—wanted to believe the
    company was too good to be true. So, for a while, hardly anyone did.
    Many kept on buying the stock, the corporate mantra and the dream.
    In the meantime, the company made many high-risk deals, some of
    which were outside the company’s typical asset risk control process.
    Many went sour in the early months of 2001 as Enron’s stock price
    and debt rating imploded because of loss of investor and creditor
    trust. Methods the company used to disclose (or creatively obscure)
    its complicated financial dealings were erroneous and, in the view
    of some, downright deceptive. The company’s lack of transparency in
    reporting its financial affairs, followed by financial restatements
    disclosing billions of dollars of omitted liabilities and losses,
    contributed to its demise. The whole affair happened under the
    watchful eye of Arthur Andersen LLP, which kept a whole floor of
    auditors assigned at Enron year-round. 


THE BEGINNING PRESAGES THE END 

In
    1985, after federal deregulation of natural gas pipelines, Enron was
    born from the merger of Houston Natural Gas and InterNorth, a
    Nebraska pipeline company. In the process of the merger, Enron
    incurred massive debt and, as the result of deregulation, no longer
    had exclusive rights to its pipelines. In order to survive, the
    company had to come up with a new and innovative business strategy
    to generate profits and cash flow. Kenneth Lay, CEO, hired McKinsey
    & Co. to assist in developing Enron’s business strategy. It
    assigned a young consultant named Jeffrey Skilling to the
    engagement. Skilling, who had a background in banking and asset and
    liability management, proposed a revolutionary solution to Enron’s
    credit, cash and profit woes in the gas pipeline business: create a
    “gas bank” in which Enron would buy gas from a network of suppliers
    and sell it to a network of consumers, contractually guaranteeing
    both the supply and the price, charging fees for the transactions
    and assuming the associated risks. Thanks to the young consultant,
    the company created both a new product and a new paradigm for the
    industry—the energy derivative.

Lay
    was so impressed with Skilling’s genius that he created a new
    division in 1990 called Enron Finance Corp. and hired Skilling to
    run it. Under Skilling’s leadership, Enron Finance Corp. soon
    dominated the market for natural gas contracts, with more contacts,
    more access to supplies and more customers than any of its
    competitors. With its market power, Enron could predict future
    prices with great accuracy, thereby guaranteeing superior profits. 




THE BEST, THE BRIGHTEST AND THE DREADED PRC 

Skilling
    began to change the corporate culture of Enron to match the
    company’s transformed image as a trading business. He set out on a
    quest to hire the best and brightest traders, recruiting associates
    from the top MBA schools in the country and competing with the
    largest and most prestigious investment banks for talent. In
    exchange for grueling schedules, Enron pampered its associates with
    a long list of corporate perks, including concierge services and a
    company gym. Skilling rewarded production with merit-based bonuses
    that had no cap, permitting traders to “eat what they killed.” 

One
    of Skilling’s earliest hires in 1990 was Andrew Fastow, a
    29-year-old Kellogg MBA who had been working on leveraged buyouts
    and other complicated deals at Continental Illinois Bank in Chicago.
    Fastow became Skilling’s protg in the same way Skilling had become
    Lay’s. Fastow moved swiftly through the ranks and was promoted to
    chief financial officer in 1998. As Skilling oversaw the building of
    the company’s vast trading operation, Fastow oversaw its financing
    by ever more complicated means. 

As
    Enron’s reputation with the outside world grew, the internal culture
    apparently began to take a darker tone. Skilling instituted the
    performance review committee (PRC), which became known as the
    harshest employee-ranking system in the country. It was known as the
    “360-degree review” based on the values of Enron—respect, integrity,
    communication and excellence (RICE). However, associates came to
    feel that the only real performance measure was the amount of
    profits they could produce. In order to achieve top ratings,
    everyone in the organization became instantly motivated to “do
    deals” and post earnings. Employees were regularly rated on a scale
    of 1 to 5, with 5s usually being fired within six months. The lower
    an employee’s PRC score, the closer he or she got to Skilling, and
    the higher the score, the closer he or she got to being shown the
    door. Skilling’s division was known for replacing up to 15% of its
    workforce every year. Fierce internal competition prevailed and
    immediate gratification was prized above long-term potential.
    Paranoia flourished and trading contracts began to contain highly
    restrictive confidentiality clauses. Secrecy became the order of the
    day for many of the company’s trading contracts, as well as its
    disclosures. 


HOW HIGH THEY FLY 

Coincidentally,
    but not inconsequentially, the U.S. economy during the 1990s was
    experiencing the longest bull market in its history. Enron’s
    corporate leadership, Lay excluded, comprised mostly young people
    who had never experienced an extended bear market. New investment
    opportunities were opening up everywhere, including markets in
    energy futures. Wall Street demanded double-digit growth from
    practically every venture, and Enron was determined to deliver. 

In
    1996 Skilling became Enron’s chief operating officer. He convinced
    Lay the gas bank model could be applied to the market for electric
    energy as well. Skilling and Lay traveled widely across the country,
    selling the concept to the heads of power companies and to energy
    regulators. The company became a major political player in the
    United States, lobbying for deregulation of electric utilities. In
    1997 Enron acquired electric utility company Portland General
    Electric Corp. for about $2 billion. By the end of that year,
    Skilling had developed the division by then known as Enron Capital
    and Trade Resources into the nation’s largest wholesale buyer and
    seller of natural gas and electricity. Revenue grew to $7 billion
    from $2 billion, and the number of employees in the division
    skyrocketed to more than 2,000 from 200. Using the same concept that
    had been so successful with the gas bank, they were ready to create
    a market for anything that anyone was willing to trade: futures
    contracts in coal, paper, steel, water and even weather. 

Perhaps
    Enron’s most exciting development in the eyes of the financial world
    was the creation of Enron Online (EOL) in October 1999. EOL, an
    electronic commodities trading Web site, was significant for at
    least two reasons. First, Enron was a counterparty to every
    transaction conducted on the platform. Traders received extremely
    valuable information regarding the “long” and “short” parties to
    each trade as well as the products’ prices in real-time. Second,
    given that Enron was either a buyer or a seller in every
    transaction, credit risk management was crucial and Enron’s credit
    was the cornerstone that gave the energy community the confidence
    that EOL provided a safe transaction environment. EOL became an
    overnight success, handling $335 billion in online commodity trades
    in 2000. 

The
    world of technology opened up the Internet, and the IPO market for
    technology and broadband communications companies started to take
    off. In January 2000 Enron announced an ambitious plan to build a
    high-speed broadband telecommunications network and to trade network
    capacity, or bandwidth, in the same way it traded electricity or
    natural gas. In July of that year Enron and Blockbuster announced a
    deal to provide video on demand to customers throughout the world
    via high-speed Internet lines. As Enron poured hundreds of millions
    into broadband with very little return, Wall Street rewarded the
    strategy with as much as $40 on the stock price—a factor that would
    have to be discounted later when the broadband bubble burst. In
    August 2000 Enron’s stock hit an all-time high of $90.56, and the
    company was being touted by Fortune and other business
    publications as one of the most admired and innovative companies in
    the world. 


THE ROLE OF MARK-TO-MARKET ACCOUNTING 

Enron
    incorporated “mark-to-market accounting” for the energy trading
    business in the mid-1990s and used it on an unprecedented scale for
    its trading transactions. Under mark-to-market rules, whenever
    companies have outstanding energy-related or other derivative
    contracts (either assets or liabilities) on their balance sheets at
    the end of a particular quarter, they must adjust them to fair
    market value, booking unrealized gains or losses to the income
    statement of the period. A difficulty with application of these
    rules in accounting for long-term futures contracts in commodities
    such as gas is that there are often no quoted prices upon which to
    base valuations. Companies having these types of derivative
    instruments are free to develop and use discretionary valuation
    models based on their own assumptions and methods. 

The
    Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (FASB) emerging issues task
    force has debated the subject of how to value and disclose
    energy-related contracts for several years. It has been able to
    conclude only that a one-size-fits-all approach will not work and
    that to require companies to disclose all of the assumptions and
    estimates underlying earnings would produce disclosures that were so
    voluminous they would be of little value. For a company such as
    Enron, under continuous pressure to beat earnings estimates, it is
    possible that valuation estimates might have considerably overstated
    earnings. Furthermore, unrealized trading gains accounted for
    slightly more than half of the company’s $1.41 billion reported
    pretax profit for 2000 and about one-third of its reported pretax
    profit for 1999. 


CAPITALISM AT WORK 

In
    the latter part of the 1990s, companies such as Dynegy, Duke Energy,
    El Paso and Williams began following Enron’s lead. Enron’s
    competitive advantage, as well as its huge profit margins, had begun
    to erode by the end of 2000. Each new market entrant’s successes
    squeezed Enron’s profit margins further. It ran with increasing
    leverage, thus becoming more like a hedge fund than a trading
    company. Meanwhile, energy prices began to fall in the first quarter
    of 2001 and the world economy headed into a recession, thus
    dampening energy market volatility and reducing the opportunity for
    the large, rapid trading gains that had formerly made Enron so
    profitable. Deals, especially in the finance division, were done at
    a rapid pace without much regard to whether they aligned with the
    strategic goals of the company or whether they complied with the
    company’s risk management policies. As one knowledgeable Enron
    employee put it: “Good deal vs. bad deal? Didn’t matter. If it had a
    positive net present value (NPV) it could get done. Sometimes
    positive NPV didn’t even matter in the name of strategic
    significance.” Enron’s foundations were developing cracks and
    Skilling’s house of paper built on the stilts of trust had begun to
    crumble. 


RELATED PARTIES AND COMPLEX SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITIES 

In
    order to satisfy Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s credit rating
    agencies, Enron had to make sure the company’s leverage ratios were
    within acceptable ranges. Fastow continually lobbied the ratings
    agencies to raise Enron’s credit rating, apparently to no avail.
    That notwithstanding, there were other ways to lower the company’s
    debt ratio. Reducing hard assets while earning increasing paper
    profits served to increase Enron’s return on assets (ROA) and reduce
    its debt-to-total-assets ratio, making the company more attractive
    to credit rating agencies and investors. 

Enron,
    like many other companies, used “special purpose entities” (SPEs) to
    access capital or hedge risk. By using SPEs such as limited
    partnerships with outside parties, a company is permitted to
    increase leverage and ROA without having to report debt on its
    balance sheet. The company contributes hard assets and related debt
    to an SPE in exchange for an interest. The SPE then borrows large
    sums of money from a financial institution to purchase assets or
    conduct other business without the debt or assets showing up on the
    company’s financial statements. The company can also sell leveraged
    assets to the SPE and book a profit. To avoid classification of the
    SPE as a subsidiary (thereby forcing the entity to include the SPE’s
    financial position and results of operations in its financial
    statements), FASB guidelines require that only 3% of the SPE be
    owned by an outside investor. 

Under
    Fastow’s leadership, Enron took the use of SPEs to new heights of
    complexity and sophistication, capitalizing them with not only a
    variety of hard assets and liabilities, but also extremely complex
    derivative financial instruments, its own restricted stock, rights
    to acquire its stock and related liabilities. As its financial
    dealings became more complicated, the company apparently also used
    SPEs to “park” troubled assets that were falling in value, such as
    certain overseas energy facilities, the broadband operation or stock
    in companies that had been spun off to the public. Transferring
    these assets to SPEs meant their losses would be kept off Enron’s
    books. To compensate partnership investors for downside risk, Enron
    promised issuance of additional shares of its stock. As the value of
    the assets in these partnerships fell, Enron began to incur larger
    and larger obligations to issue its own stock later down the road.
    Compounding the problem toward the end was the precipitous fall in
    the value of Enron stock. Enron conducted business through thousands
    of SPEs. The most controversial of them were LJM Cayman LP and LJM2
    Co-Investment LP, run by Fastow himself. From 1999 through July
    2001, these entities paid Fastow more than $30 million in management
    fees, far more than his Enron salary, supposedly with the approval
    of top management and Enron’s board of directors. In turn, the LJM
    partnerships invested in another group of SPEs, known as the Raptor
    vehicles, which were designed in part to hedge an Enron investment
    in a bankrupt broadband company, Rhythm NetConnections. As part of
    the capitalization of the Raptor entities, Enron issued common stock
    in exchange for a note receivable of $1.2 billion. Enron increased
    notes receivable and shareholders’ equity to reflect this
    transaction, which appears to violate generally accepted accounting
    principles. Additionally, Enron failed to consolidate the LJM and
    Raptor SPEs into their financial statements when subsequent
    information revealed they should have been consolidated. 


OBSCURE DISCLOSURES REVEALED 

A
    very confusing footnote in Enron’s 2000 financial statements
    described the above transactions. Douglas Carmichael, the Wollman
    Distinguished Professor of Accounting at Baruch College in New York
    City, told the Wall Street Journal in November of 2001 that
    most people would be hard pressed to understand the effects of these
    disclosures on the financial statements, casting doubt on both the
    quality of the company’s earnings as well as the business purpose of
    the transaction. By April 2001 other skeptics arrived on the scene.
    A number of analysts questioned the lack of transparency of Enron’s
    disclosures. One analyst was quoted as saying, “The notes just don’t
    make sense, and we read notes for a living.” Skilling was very quick
    to reply with arrogant comments and, in one case, even called an
    analyst a derogatory name. What Skilling and Fastow apparently
    underestimated was that, because of such actions, the market was
    beginning to perceive the company with greater and greater
    skepticism, thus eroding its trust and the company’s reputation. 


IT ALL COMES TUMBLING DOWN 

In
    February 2001 Lay announced his retirement and named Skilling
    president and CEO of Enron. In February Skilling held the company’s
    annual conference with analysts, bragging that the stock (then
    valued around $80) should be trading at around $126 per share. 

In
    March Enron and Blockbuster announced the cancellation of their
    video-on-demand deal. By that time the stock had fallen to the
    mid-$60s. Throughout the spring and summer, risky deals Enron had
    made in underperforming investments of various kinds began to
    unravel, causing it to suffer a huge cash shortfall. Senior
    management, which had been voting with its feet since August 2000,
    selling Enron stock in the bull market, continued to exit,
    collectively hundreds of millions of dollars richer for the
    experience. On August 14, just six months after being named CEO,
    Skilling himself resigned, citing “personal reasons.” The stock
    price slipped below $40 that week and, except for a brief recovery
    in early October after the sale of Portland General, continued its
    slide to below $30 a share. 

Also
    in August, in an internal memorandum to Lay, a company
    vice-president, Sherron Watkins, described her reservations about
    the lack of disclosure of the substance of the related party
    transactions with the SPEs run by Fastow. She concluded the memo by
    stating her fear that the company might “implode under a series of
    accounting scandals.” Lay notified the company’s attorneys, Vinson
    & Elkins, as well as the audit partner at Enron’s auditing firm,
    Arthur Andersen LLP, so the matter could be investigated further.
    The proverbial “ship” of Enron had struck the iceberg that would
    eventually sink it. 

On
    October 16 Enron announced its first quarterly loss in more than
    four years after taking charges of $1 billion on poorly performing
    businesses. The company terminated the Raptor hedging arrangements
    which, if they had continued, would have resulted in its issuing 58
    million Enron shares to offset the company’s private equity losses,
    severely diluting earnings. It also disclosed the reversal of the
    $1.2 billion entry to assets and equities it had made as a result of
    dealings with these arrangements. It was this disclosure that got
    the SEC’s attention. 

On
    October 17 the company announced it had changed plan administrators
    for its employees’ 401(k) pension plan, thus by law locking their
    investments for a period of 30 days and preventing workers from
    selling their Enron stock. The company contends this decision had in
    fact been made months earlier. However true that might be, the
    timing of the decision certainly has raised suspicions. 

On
    October 22 Enron announced the SEC was looking into the related
    party transactions between Enron and the partnerships owned by
    Fastow, who was fired two days later. On November 8 Enron announced
    a restatement of its financial statements back to 1997 to reflect
    consolidation of the SPEs it had omitted, as well as to book
    Andersen’s recommended adjustments from those years, which the
    company had previously “deemed immaterial.” This restatement
    resulted in another $591 million in losses over the four years as
    well as an additional $628 million in liabilities as of the end of
    2000. The equity markets immediately reacted to the restatement,
    driving the stock price to less than $10 a share. One analyst’s
    report stated the company had burned through $5 billion in cash in
    50 days. 

A
    merger agreement with smaller cross-town competitor Dynegy was
    announced on November 9, but rescinded by Dynegy on November 28 on
    the basis of Enron’s lack of full disclosure of its
    off-balance-sheet debt, downgrading Enron’s rating to junk status.
    On November 30 the stock closed at an astonishing 26 cents a share.
    The company filed for bankruptcy protection on December 2. 


THE AFTERMATH 

Unquestionably,
    the Enron implosion has wreaked more havoc on the accounting
    profession than any other case in U.S. history. Critics in the
    media, Congress and elsewhere are calling into question not only the
    adequacy of U.S. disclosure practices but also the integrity of the
    independent audit process. The general public still questions how
    CPA firms can maintain audit independence while at the same time
    engaging in consulting work, often for fees that dwarf those of the
    audit. Companies that deal in special purpose entities and complex
    financial instruments similar to Enron’s have suffered significant
    declines in their stock prices. The scandal threatens to undermine
    confidence in financial markets in the United States and abroad. 

In
    a characteristic move, the SEC and the public accounting profession
    have been among the first to respond to the Enron crisis.
    Unfortunately, and sadly reminiscent of financial disasters in the
    1970s and 1980s, this response will likely be viewed by investors,
    creditors, lawmakers and employees of Enron as “too little, too
    late.” 

In
    an “op-ed” piece for the Wall Street Journal on December
    11, SEC Chairman Harvey Pitt called the current outdated reporting
    and financial disclosure system the financial “perfect storm.” He
    stated that under the current quarterly and annual reporting system,
    information is often stale on arrival and mandated financial
    disclosures are often “arcane and impenetrable.” To reassure
    investors and restore confidence in financial reporting, Pitt called
    for a joint response from the public and private sectors that
    included, among other things, 
  
A
        system of “current” disclosures, supplementing and updating
        quarterly and annual information with disclosure of material
        information on a real-time basis.  
 
Public
        company disclosure of significant current “trend” and
        “evaluative” data in addition to historical information.
     
 
Identification
        of “most critical accounting principles” by all public companies
        in their annual reports.  
 
More
        timely and responsive accounting standard setting on the part of
        the private sector.  
 
An
        environment of cooperation between the SEC and registrants that
        encourages public companies and their auditors to seek advice on
        disclosure issues in advance.  
 
An
        effective and transparent system of self-regulation for the
        accounting profession, subject to SEC’s rigorous, but
        nonduplicative, oversight.  
 
More
        proactive oversight by audit committees who understand financial
        accounting principles as well as how they are applied. 

The
    CEOs of the Big Five accounting firms made a joint statement on
    December 4 committing to develop improved guidance on disclosure of
    related party transactions, SPEs and market risks for derivatives
    including energy contracts for the 2001 reporting period. In
    addition, the Big Five called for modernization of the financial
    reporting system in the United States to make it more timely and
    relevant, including more nonfinancial information on entity
    performance. They also vowed to streamline the accounting
    standard-setting process to make it more responsive to the rapid
    changes that occur in a technology-driven economy. 

Since
    the Enron debacle, the AICPA has been engaged in significant damage
    control measures to restore confidence in the profession, displaying
    the banner “Enron: The AICPA, the Profession, and the Public
    Interest” on its Web site. It has announced the imminent issuance of
    an exposure draft on a new audit standard on fraud (the third in
    five years), providing more specific guidance than currently found
    in SAS no. 82, Consideration of Fraud in a Financial Statement
    Audit. The Institute has also promised a revised standard on
    reviews of quarterly financial statements, as well as the issuance,
    in the second quarter of 2002, of an exposure draft of a standard to
    improve the audit process. These standards had already been on the
    drawing board as part of the AICPA’s response to the report of the
    Blue Ribbon Panel on Audit Effectiveness, issued in 2000. 

In
    late December the AICPA issued a tool kit for auditors to use in
    identifying and auditing related party transactions. While it breaks
    no new ground, the tool kit provides, in one place, an overview of
    the accounting and auditing literature, SEC requirements and best
    practice guidance concerning related party transactions. It also
    includes checklists and other tools for auditors to use in gathering
    evidence and disclosing related party transactions. 

In
    January the AICPA board of directors announced that it would
    cooperate fully with the SEC’s proposal for new rules for the peer
    review and disciplinary process for CPA firms of SEC registrants.
    The new system would be managed by a board, a majority of which
    would be public members, enhancing the peer review process for the
    largest firms and requiring more rigorous and continuous monitoring.
    The staff of the new board would administer the reviews. In protest,
    the Public Oversight Board informed Pitt that it would terminate its
    existence in March 2002, leaving the future peer review process in a
    state of uncertainty. The SEC and the AICPA are now engaged in talks
    with the POB to reassure the board it will continue to be a vital
    part of the peer review process in the future. 

The
    AICPA has also approved a resolution to support prohibitions that
    would prevent audit firms from performing systems design and
    implementation as well as internal audit outsourcing for public
    audit clients. While asserting that it does not believe prohibition
    of these services will make audits more effective or prevent
    financial failures, the board has stated it feels the move is
    necessary to restore public confidence in the profession. These
    prohibitions were at the center of the controversy last year between
    the profession and the SEC under the direction of former Chairman
    Arthur Levitt. Big Five CPA firms and the AICPA lobbied heavily and
    prevailed in that controversy, winning the right to retain these
    services and being required only to disclose their fees. 

The
    impact of Enron is now being felt at the highest levels of
    government as legislators engage in endless debate and accusation,
    quarreling over the influence of money in politics. The GAO has
    requested that the White House disclose documents concerning
    appointments to President George W. Bush’s Task Force on Energy,
    chaired by Vice-President Dick Cheney, former CEO of Halliburton.
    The White House has refused, and the GAO has filed suit, the first
    of its kind in history. Congressional investigations are expected to
    continue well into 2002 and beyond. Lawmakers are expected to
    investigate not only disclosure practices at Enron, but for all
    public companies, concerning SPEs, related party transactions and
    use of “mark-to-market” accounting. 

Kenneth
    Lay resigned as Enron’s CEO, under pressure from creditor groups.
    Lay, Skilling and Fastow still have much to explain. In addition,
    Enron’s board of directors, and especially the audit committee, will
    be in the “hot seat” and rightfully so. 

The
    Justice Department opened a criminal investigation and formed a
    national task force made up of federal prosecutors in Houston, San
    Francisco, New York and several other cities to investigate the
    possibility of fraud in the company’s dealings. Interestingly, to
    illustrate how far-reaching Enron’s ties are to government and
    political sources at all levels, U.S. Attorney General John
    Ashcroft, as well as his entire Houston office, disqualified
    themselves from the investigation because of either political,
    economic or family ties. 

It
    appears that 2002 is shaping up to be a year of unprecedented
    changes for a profession that is already coping with an identity
    crisis. 


WHERE WERE THE AUDITORS? 

Arthur
    Andersen LLP, after settling two other massive lawsuits earlier in
    2001, is preparing for a storm of litigation as well as a possible
    criminal investigation in the wake of the Enron collapse. Enron was
    the firm’s second-largest client. Andersen, who had the job not only
    of Enron’s external but also its internal audits for the years in
    question, kept a staff on permanent assignment at Enron’s offices.
    Many of Enron’s internal accountants, CFOs and controllers were
    former Andersen executives. Because of these relationships, as well
    as Andersen’s extensive concurrent consulting practice, members of
    Congress, the press and others are calling Andersen’s audit
    independence into question. Indeed, they are using the case to raise
    doubts about the credibility of the audit process for all Big Five
    firms who do such work. 

So
    far, Andersen has acknowledged its role in the fiasco, while
    defending its accounting and auditing practices. In a Wall
      Street Journal editorial on December 4, as well as in
    testimony before Congress the following week, Joseph Berardino, CEO,
    was forthright in his views. He committed the firm to full
    cooperation in the investigations as well as to a leadership role in
    potential solutions. 

Enron
    dismissed Andersen as its auditor on January 17, 2002, citing
    document destruction and lack of guidance on accounting policy
    issues as the reasons. Andersen countered with the contention that
    in its mind the relationship had terminated on December 2, 2001, the
    day the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. 

The
    fact that Andersen is no longer officially associated with Enron
    will, unfortunately, have little impact on forces now in place that
    may, in the eyes of some, determine the firm’s very future. Andersen
    is now under formal investigation by the SEC as well as various
    committees of both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives of
    the U.S. Congress. To make matters worse for it, and to the
    astonishment of many, Andersen admitted it destroyed perhaps
    thousands of documents and electronic files related to the
    engagement, in accordance with “firm policy,” supposedly before the
    SEC issued a subpoena for them. The firm’s lawyers issued an
    internal memorandum on October 12 reminding employees of the firm’s
    document retention and destruction policies. The firm fired David B.
    Duncan, partner in charge of the Enron engagement, placed four other
    partners on leave and replaced the entire management team of the
    Houston office. Duncan invoked his Fifth Amendment rights against
    self-incrimination at a congressional hearing in January. Several
    other Andersen partners testified that Duncan and his staff acted in
    violation of firm policy. However, in view of the timing of the
    October 12 memorandum, Congress and the press are questioning
    whether the decision to shred documents extended farther up the
    chain of command. Andersen has suspended its firm policy for
    retention of records and asked former U.S. Senator John Danforth to
    conduct a comprehensive review of the firm’s records management
    policy and to recommend improvements. 

In
    a move to bolster its image, Andersen also has retained former
    Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to lead an outside board that
    will advise it in making “fundamental change” in its audit process.
    Other members of the board include P. Roy Vagelos, former chairman
    and CEO of Merck & Co., and Charles A. Bowsher, current chairman
    of the Public Oversight Board, which disbanded in March. Volcker
    also named a seven-member advisory panel made up of prominent
    corporate and accounting executives that will review proposed
    reforms to the firm’s audit process. 

Hindsight
    is so clear that it sometimes belies the complexity of the problem.
    Although fraud has not yet been proven to be a factor in Enron’s
    misstatements, some of the classic risk factors associated with
    management fraud outlined in SAS no. 82 are evident in the Enron
    case. Those include management characteristics, industry conditions
    and operating characteristics of the company. Although written five
    years ago, the list almost looks as if it was excerpted from Enron’s
    case: 
  
Unduly
        aggressive earnings targets and management bonus compensation
        based on those targets.  
 
Excessive
        interest by management in maintaining stock price or earnings
        trend through the use of unusually aggressive accounting
        practices.  
 
Management
        setting unduly aggressive financial targets and expectations for
        operating personnel.  
 
Inability
        to generate sufficient cash flow from operations while reporting
        earnings and earnings growth.  
 
Assets,
        liabilities, revenues or expenses based on significant estimates
        that involve unusually subjective judgments such as…reliability
        of financial instruments.  
 
Significant
        related party transactions. 

These
    factors are common threads in the tapestry that is described of the
    environment leading to fraud. They were incorporated into SAS no. 82
    on the basis of research into fraud cases of the 1970s and 1980s in
    the hope that auditors would learn from the past. Andersen will have
    to explain when and how it identified these factors, as well as how
    it responded and how it communicated with Enron’s board about them. 

More
    important, Andersen will have to explain why it delayed notifying
    the SEC after learning of the internal Enron memo warning of
    problems. In addition, it will have to explain why the Houston
    office destroyed the thousands of documents related to the Enron
    audits for 1997 through 2000. Only time will tell, but it appears
    the firm is in serious trouble. In the end, and also characteristic
    of cases like this, the chief parties likely to benefit from this
    process are the attorneys. 


THE HUMAN FACTOR 

The
    Enron story has produced many victims, the most tragic of which is a
    former vice-chairman of the company who committed suicide,
    apparently in connection with his role in the scandal. Another 4,500
    individuals have seen their careers ended abruptly by the reckless
    acts of a few. Enron’s core values of respect, integrity,
    communication and excellence stand in satirical contrast to
    allegations now being made public. Personally, I had referred
    several of our best and brightest accounting, finance and MBA
    graduates to Enron, hoping they could gain valuable experience from
    seeing things done right. These included a very bright training
    consultant who had lost her job in 2000 with a Houston consulting
    firm as a result of a reduction in force. She has lost her second
    job in 18 months through no fault of her own. Other former students
    still hanging on at Enron face an uncertain future as the company
    fights for survival. 

The
    old saying goes, “Lessons learned hard are learned best.” Some
    former Enron employees are embittered by the way they have been
    treated by the company that was once “the best in the business.”
    Others disagree. In the words of one of my former students who is
    still hanging on: “Just for the record, my time and experience at
    Enron have been nothing short of fantastic. I could not have asked
    for a better place to be or better people to work with. Please,
    though, remember this: Never take customer and employee confidence
    for granted. That confidence is easy to lose and tough—to
    impossible—to regain.”  



C. WILLIAM THOMAS, CPA, Ph.D., is the J.E. Bush
      Professor of Accounting in the Hankamer School of Business at
      Baylor University in Waco. Mr. Thomas can be reached at 
Bill_Thomas@baylor.edu
. This article originally appeared in the March/April 2002 issue
    of Today’s CPA, published by the Texas Society of CPAs.
More from the JofA:

 Find us on
  Facebook  |   Follow us on Twitter  |
      View JofA videos


















Latest News



















FEATURED VIDEOS




















Most Read






















Features


































SPONSORED REPORT
Cybersecurity threats proliferating for midsize and smaller businesses
This report details how SMBs can properly protect private information from breaches, design and implement a cybersecurity policy, and create safeguards for training and education.


QUIZ
News quiz: Senate health care bill in the spotlight
Reports related to the Republican bill to repeal many provisions of the PPACA, other tax issues, and the giant AICPA ENGAGE Conference offered a diverse reading list for June. See how much you know about recent news with this short quiz.











From The Tax Adviser


Final regs. address premium tax credit issues


IRS moves for stay of PTIN fee injunction


IRS pilots Appeals videoconference service


Regulations address new statutory due dates for many tax returns


Revised Senate health bill would retain taxes on higher-income individuals





From The Insiders


IRS heats up compliance enforcement on passport holders with tax debt


Help your clients make sense of Medicare


How to encourage candor in your office


7 ways financial planners can better help Millennials


What CPAs need to do to survive the automation revolution















Magazine





























We're fetching your file...Please wait a moment while we retrieve your file from its home on the internet




