


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











X-Plane Products











































        The cart is empty.
    


{{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}

         Total: 
        {{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}} 














{{shoppingcartitem.description}}

Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}

{{productoption.name}}








View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}  Item(s)













Stay Connected:



























Submit





        The cart is empty.
    


{{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}

         Total: 
        {{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}} 














{{shoppingcartitem.description}}

Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}

{{productoption.name}}








View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}  Item(s)







Register/Login
























HOME
PRODUCTS

FSX

Douglas DC-6 Cloudmaster
747-400 Queen of the Skies II
777-200LR/F Base Package
777-300ER Expansion
737NGX 800/900 Base package
737NGX 600/700 Expansion
Jetstream J41


Prepar3D

Douglas DC-6 Cloudmaster
747-400 Queen of the Skies II
777-200LR/F Base Package
777-300ER Expansion
737NGX 800/900 Base Package
737NGX 600/700 Expansion


X-Plane

Douglas DC-6




SHOP

SOFTWARE
PARTNER PRODUCTS


SUPPORT

PRODUCT SUPPORT
CUSTOMER FORUM


DOWNLOADS

SERVICE UPDATES
ADD-ON LIVERIES
DOCUMENTATION
MISCELLANEOUS
PAINT-KITS
USER FILES


REVIEWS/AWARDS
ABOUT PMDG















Browse by Price

Below $20
From $20 to $50
From $50 to $100
Over $100












Downloads for X-Plane

Our Products: PMDG Simulations > Downloads for X-Plane
			




PMDG software products for use with X-Plane by Laminar Research



            Sort by:
            
SKU
Description
High Price
Low Price












PMDG DC-6 Base Package for X-Plane WINDOWS

Price $69.99
PMDG DC-6 Cloudmaster BASE PACKAGE for X-Plane 10 for Windows DOWNLOAD DELIVERY ONLY!. INTERNET CONNECTION REQUIRED TO INSTALL.Digitally delivered products are not refundable!Compatible with any X-Plane 10 License Level on Windows.



More Details













PMDG DC-6 Base Package for X-Plane Mac OS X

Price $69.99
PMDG DC-6 Cloudmaster BASE PACKAGE for X-Plane 10 for Mac OS X DOWNLOAD DELIVERY ONLY!. INTERNET CONNECTION REQUIRED TO INSTALL.Digitally delivered products are not refundable!Compatible with any X-Plane 10 License Level on Mac OS X.



More Details










Loading... Please wait.




















×
Global Message














Quick View

























Contact – xplane Ltd

















































Skip to content



 


Menu








Contact 































Xplane Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























xplane ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Xplane Limited operates as an investment management firm. The Company operates in Virgin Islands, British.




Corporate Information
Address:

Romasco Place
Wickhams Cay 1
Road Town, Tortola, VG1110
Virgin Islands, British


Phone:
284-8522-524-7106


Fax:
-





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Tao Song
Sky-Mobi Ltd






























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































xplane Ltd – Projects and Consulting for Baggage Handling

















































Skip to content



 


Menu














Planning | Projects | Operations | Technology  Helping airports move forward by simplifying process and removing the complexity surrounding design.
Projects and Consulting for Baggage Handling Systems and Logistics Systems Contact Us 





About Us Your friendly collaborative experts bringing innovative insights.
 



Our Values
The core values we base our services on are:

Making the complex easy and understandable
Understanding what is really going on
Increasing efficiency and performance through informed insights
Building better systems and processes through understanding and technology




Our Focus
Our focus is in project planning, design, project management, operations and appropriate use of technology for the air transportation sector.
Our key domain is our depth of experience and understanding of

baggage handling systems
cargo handling systems
freight handling systems

We provide advisory services across the whole project or asset lifecycle including: planning and design, project execution, analysing operational status, and assessing technology needs. Our aim is to simplify operations and process for our clients. We do this by removing the complexity surrounding design and process and by providing understanding that helps our clients to move forwards.
 







Services 




  
Planning
Capacity Analysis
Requirements Analysis
Process Development
System and Process Modelling
Simulation analysis
Design Specification
System Layout Design
Technology Advancement
Integration with existing systems
Performance analysis




  
Projects
Tendering
Project Planning
Technical Specification Development
Design Review
Development Management
Factory Acceptance Testing
Installation and Commissioning management
Site Acceptance Testing
Documentation
Release/Go-Live Management




  
Operations
Operational Review
Operational Development
Performance Analysis
Maintenance Review
Manning Review
Safety Audit
Operator and User Training
Software Maintenance
Asset Condition Review
Asset Life Management




  
Technology
Sortation/HLC/SAC
Database and Reporting Systems
IT Systems and Networks
PLC Systems and Networks
HMI/SCADA
Simulation/Emulation
XRay/Screening Systems
Tilt Tray and Tote based systems
Self Service Bag Drop
Early Bag Store









Some facts about our experience... 




57

Combined years in the industry





14

Countries





116

Projects





 


The xplane crew Although all of the crew are based in New Zealand, John has worked internationally within the baggage handling industry since 1996, Roeland since 1998, and Scott since 2000. John has held executive roles at baggage handling company Glidepath, Scott has come from an executive role at baggage handling and logistics company BCS Group, and Roeland has been well known as a baggage handling and logistics consultant for many years. 
 










John Fitzgerald
Principal Consultant | Director











Roeland Kruiswijk
Principal Consultant | Director












Scott Cornwall
Principal Consultant | Director





 


Get in touch 












Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 

 


Company Info
xplane Limited

GST: 117-326-799                        

Postal Address


PO Box 303-409  North Shore City Auckland 0751New Zealand



+64 21 388 772



sales@xplane.aero









































































 X-Plane and Saitek Products
















 














Advanced Search







Register
Help











































Home



Articles
				


All Features 
Features by SectionGeneral InterestInterviewsRoad TripsSpecial ReportsThe CornerWhere In The World 
Reviews 
Tutorials 
Op-Ed 
News 
News Archive201120102009200820072006200520042003200220012000199919981997 
FlightSim.Com News 
Developer SpotlightExcellence AwardsDeveloper’s Awards 





File Library
				


New FilesAll New FilesFSX OnlyFS2004 OnlyComplete AircraftBase ModelsAI AircraftFS98CFSCFS2Prepar3DX-Plane 
Hot Files 
Search Files 
Advanced Search 
Specialty SearchesTop 100 Files of the YearWorld Map SearchWorld Airliners Quick Finder 
View Entire File Section 
Must Have Files 
Upload 
First Class Membership Info 




FS Wiki


Forum


New Posts
FAQ
Calendar

Community

Groups



Forum Actions

Mark Forums Read



Quick Links

Today's Posts
View Site Leaders


Forum Rules


Blogs


Gallery


PilotShop


Membership


What's New?



Help
				


Help For New Flightsimmers 
Lost Password Recovery Form 
IE8 Slow Loading Help 
Download/GetRight Help 
Download/DAP Help 
Login/Cookies Help 
Speed Problems Help 
Sign-Up Help 
Site Map 
Info & ServicesComments and SuggestionsAdvertise with UsContact UsPrivacyLink to Us 
Flight Sim HangarsFSX HangarFS2004 HangarFS2002 HangarFS2000 HangarFS98 HangarAircraft Design HangarCombat FS Hangar 
Other Hangars/Links 












Forum

X-Plane

X-Plane


 X-Plane and Saitek Products





















We need your help to keep this web site running. Please consider getting an
upgraded membership today!





If this is your first visit, welcome! Please note that you will need to
register
to use many of the site's best features, including downloading files and
posting messages. Until you register you can read any of the articles on
this page and also read messages in the forums.

Need help getting started? Please read our

Help For New Flightsimmers.
This will give you the info you need to get started flying and using
this web site.









				Results 1 to 7 of 7
			




			Thread: X-Plane and Saitek Products











Thread Tools

Show Printable Version





Search Thread







 
Advanced Search











Display

Linear Mode
 Switch to Hybrid Mode
 Switch to Threaded Mode













11-07-2010, 12:02 AM


#1







codebreaker



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Junior Member
					






Join Date Mar 2005
Location San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Posts 96







 X-Plane and Saitek Products
		



					I am currently running FS9 on a PC clone and am considering adding X-Plane.  I have a Saitek yoke, 2 Saitek throttle quads and the Saitek switch panel.

How well do Saitek and X-Plane get along?  I like being able to actually flip switches and move levers and "grab a handfull of power".  Right now everything I have runs just fine with FS9.  How likely am I to keep all current functionality if I decide to acquire X-Plane?

Thanx in advance.
				




Bionic Bill
Over the hill ain't so bad.  Beats being UNDER it.
Under the hill is for hobbits.






  Reply With Quote














11-07-2010, 06:31 AM


#2










MdMax



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				Visit Homepage
			



				View Articles
			








						Member
					






Join Date Sep 2010
Location France
Posts 678












					Hello !

A lot of X-Plane users are using Saitek products. Even Linux users are able to use hardware like the switch panel:
http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?...showfile=11493

You can also ask in this forum:
http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?showforum=14

Happy flying.
				


OpenStreetMap - Ubuntu GNU/Linux - 






  Reply With Quote














11-07-2010, 02:24 PM


#3







kesomir



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Junior Member
					






Join Date Apr 2010
Posts 2












					I have 2x saitek throttle quadrants and 1x saitek rudder pedals. All work fine in x-plane. 

For the swtch panel try here: http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?showtopic=47192









  Reply With Quote














11-07-2010, 02:28 PM


#4







kesomir



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Junior Member
					






Join Date Apr 2010
Posts 2












					Also here: http://www.xpluginsdk.org/saitek.htm









  Reply With Quote














11-08-2010, 11:44 AM


#5







codebreaker



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Junior Member
					






Join Date Mar 2005
Location San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Posts 96












					Thanks for the responses, folks.
				


Bionic Bill
Over the hill ain't so bad.  Beats being UNDER it.
Under the hill is for hobbits.






  Reply With Quote














10-15-2012, 01:26 AM


#6







maxc



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Member
					






Join Date Feb 2008
Posts 331







 Saitek Switch, Saitek Multi panels plugin
		



http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?...&showfile=9116

Switch and multi panel plugin a must

Allows my switch and multi panel to work. I guess some other panels as well.
				








  Reply With Quote














02-09-2013, 12:13 AM


#7







maxc



				View Profile
			



				View Forum Posts
			



				Private Message
			



				View Blog Entries
			



				View Articles
			








						Member
					






Join Date Feb 2008
Posts 331







 Tips on setup
		



					One can have many variants on how to set up and use X plane 10

I have the Saitek - Yoke, Quadrant and Rudder Pedals and Logitec G110

I am just starting this, as there can be a whole list of ways to set up this and with different add-ons to know what is best. Well if you have any comments or questions to help those starting up then this is a good time to make and comments especially what one has found to get around or improve it for one.
Could have done with another hat switch and couple extra switches so I could always keep my hands in one place but everyone to their ways.

One think I like how I have set it up so I can rotate the aircraft into different view with left, right and rotate left and right, so I can swing right around the aircraft and move its position.
To get back to 3d panel or forward with hud or without depending on your choice and the switch it provides enough.
I guess if you got what I have the button combination should be the same. 

Under joystick/equipment/buttons advanced

Joystick button

165		view			        forward_with_hud         down switch-right sidewheel 
164		view			        chase                           up switch-right side wheel
161		view			        3d_cockpit_toggle         button-right side wheel
160		flight_controls		brake_toggle_max        button-left side wheel
162		general			rot_up                          up switch-left side wheel
163		general			rot_down                      down switch-left side wheel
189 		general			left                               hat switch- left
185		general			right                             hat switch-right
183		general			up                                up switch-left side wheel
187		general			down                            down switch-right left side wheel
166          general                     rot_left                          left switch-right side wheel
167          general                     rot_right                        right switch-right side wheel

How to set, just click on button. Look at joystick button see the numbers hope they are the same. Your concerned with the middle column and right colum. If the number do match hust match up vie, flight controls or general and then when you press button or switch click inside the radio button
				




				
					Last edited by maxc; 02-09-2013 at 12:18 AM.
				
				
			







  Reply With Quote



















Quick Navigation
X-Plane
Top

Site Areas
Settings
Private Messages
Subscriptions
Who's Online
Search Forums
Forums Home
Forums
General Interest

Newcomer Services
The Outer Marker
Comments
Swap Meet
Virtual Airlines


Microsoft Flight Simulators

FSX
FS2004
FS2002
MSFS Screen Shot Forum
MSFS Commercial Developers Screen Shots
MSFS Flight Videos
MSFS Multiplayer Adventures
MSFS Shoutbox Forum
Microsoft Flight


X-Plane

X-Plane
X-Plane Screen Shots And Videos
News, Pre-Releases & Releases
Developers Corner
X-Plane Shoutbox Forum


Prepar3D

Prepar3D
Prepar3D Screen Shots And Videos
Prepar3D Shoutbox Forum


Dovetail Games

Flight Sim World


Mobile Apps

RORTOS
SkyFox Games
Mobile Apps - General


Auto Sports Simulations

General Support


Other Sims

Military Flight Sims
CFS3


Technical Forums

PC Hardware, Video And Audio Help
PC Software Tech
Cockpit Builders


Designer Forums

Aircraft Design
Painter's Workshop
Panel & Gauge Design
Scenery Design


Real World Aviation

Real Aviation General Discussion
Real Aviation Profiles
Real Aviation Photos & Videos
Real Aviation Tutorials & FAQs


Support Forums

Airport for Windows Support
Air Manager Support
FS-AOM Support
SGA Support


DreamFleet

FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions - DreamFleet 727
FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions -  DreamFleet General Aviation & 737-400 Products
DreamFleet General Discussion Forum
DreamFleet 727 Support Forum
DreamFleet General Aviation Support Forum
DreamFleet 737-400 Support Forum


Archive

FS2000
FS98
FS5
FS4
CFS
Scenery Design Archive
Aircraft Design Archive










«
Previous Thread
			|
			Next Thread
»





Similar Threads





which one: saitek rudder pedals or ch products?

       By 19dcavscout in forum FSX
    


Replies: 17
      
Last Post: 07-14-2009, 09:23 AM






CH Products Yoke vs. Saitek's X-52 Joystick and Throttle

       By meine in forum The Outer Marker
    


Replies: 2
      
Last Post: 06-12-2006, 12:50 AM






CH Products Pro Pedals USB/ Saitek 36 conflict

       By fw190 in forum FS2004
    


Replies: 0
      
Last Post: 01-01-2004, 09:20 PM






PC CH Products Pedals and USB CH Products Yoke?

       By GP in forum FS2002
    


Replies: 3
      
Last Post: 01-18-2002, 05:11 PM








Tags for this Thread




laminar research, 
		
			proflight panel, 
		
			saitek, 
		
			throttle quadrant, 
		
			x-plane




View Tag Cloud





Bookmarks

Bookmarks



Digg




del.icio.us




StumbleUpon




Google




Facebook




Twitter







				Posting Permissions
			




You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
 



BB code is On
Smilies are On
[IMG] code is On
[VIDEO] code is On
HTML code is Off


Forum Rules




















-- FlightSim




-- FlightSim Mobile





Contact Us
FlightSim.Com



Privacy Statement
Top



 

All times are GMT -4. The time now is 04:02 AM.


	Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.5 Copyright © 2017 vBulletin Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. 
	




	Shoutbox provided by 
		vBShout (Pro) -
		vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2017 DragonByte Technologies Ltd.NavTabs provided by 
		        vBNavTabs (Pro) -
		        vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2017 DragonByte Technologies Ltd.Copyright © 1996 -  FlightSim.Com Inc. All Rights Reserved
	

















