


Xu  James - Damascus, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Xu  James in Damascus, MD


Xu  James

                                                Intelius found that Xu  James  is  a male from Damascus, MD.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Xu Has Lived In

Damascus, MD
Glen Burnie, MD







Xu  James



GenderMale



Professional Status
Pqc Technician at Ambu Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Xu? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Xu, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Xu  James
Get a Criminal Check on Xu  James
Get a Public Record Report on Xu  James
Get a People Search Report on Xu  James


Xu  James's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Xu  James has lived as well as Xu  James's phone numbers and email addresses.




Xu  James Has Lived in 1 States
Maryland Address for Xu  James


9602 M******** F*** C* 

Damascus, MD


Has Lived In

Damascus, MD
Glen Burnie, MD


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Xu  James



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Xu  James

x*****1@***.com
j*x@***.com


Get Email Report




Xu  James's Professional Information
Information regarding Xu  James's professional history.  Find out previous places Xu  James has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Xu  James Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Ambu Inc
               Title: Pqc Technician
Xu  James's Experience
Title: Pqc Technician
               Company: Ambu Inc
Job Details
               Ambu develops, produces, and markets diagnostic and life-supporting devices for hospitals and rescue services. Ambu has three business areas: airway management, patient monitoring and diagnostics, and emergency care. The primary products are ventilation products for artificial respiration, electrodes for ECG tests and neurophysiological tests, and manikins for first aid training. Ambu's products are sold worldwide.
Additional Professional Information on Xu  James

 See Xu  James's LinkedIn Profile



Xu  James's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Xu  James


Xu  James's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Xu  James's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Xu James
Username Matches

                  XuJames
                  JamesXu
                  Xu.James
                  James.Xu
                  Xu_James
                  James_Xu
                  Xu-James
                  James-Xu
                  XJames
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
X James







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Meet Our Team





























My EvergreenOn Demand  Home   Catalogs   About HelpHelp
Scroll to top










✖ Close Menu
                  

English (US)
English (Canada)
French

SEARCH
LOG IN / REGISTER
FlagsShop by Size:   Regular House Flags    Garden Flags   Estate Flags      Flag Hardware   Flag Merchandisers Shop by Type  Applique Flags   Burlap Boutique Flags   Printed Flags   Sculpted Flags   Sports Flags Specialty Items  Mailbox Covers   Bunting       Stands       Best Sellers       Warehouse Sale     Shop by Brand:      Evergreen Flag           Team Sports America           New Creative           Harley Davidson®                              Garden DécorGarden Décor:                                            All Birding                                                                                   Bird Baths                                                                                   Bird Houses                                                                                   Bird Feeders                                                                                   Garden Stakes                                                                                   Kinetic Garden Stakes                                                                                   Habitats                                                                                   Garden Stones                                                                                   Gazing Balls                                                                                   Lighting & Solar                                                                                   Statues                                                                                   Planters                                                                                   Wind Chimes, Mobiles, & Spinners                                       Patio Décor:                                            Benches                                                                                   Door Décor                                                                                   Floor Mats                                                                                   Grilling Accessories                                                                                   Lighting & Solar                                                                                   Outdoor Furniture                                                                                   Outdoor Pillows                                                                                   Outdoor Accents                                                                                   Outdoor Wall Décor                                                                                   Planters                                                                                   Topiary                                                                                   Rain Gauges                                       Specialty Items:                                            Sports Garden Décor                                                                                   Sports Floor Mats                                                                                   Sports Statues                                                                                   Gardening Tools                                                                                   Bluetooth Speaker Statues                                                                               Merchandisers                                             Mini Garden                                                                                   Stands Garden Décor                                                                                   Tree Décor                                                                                   Thermometers                                                                              --------------------                                                                             Best Sellers                                                                                   Warehouse Sale                                       Shop by Brand:                                            Evergreen Flag                                                                                   Evergreen Garden                                                                               Team Sports America                                             New Creative                                                                                   Cypress Home                                                                                   Cape Craftsmen                                                                                   Harley-Davidson®                                              Woodstock Chimes                                                                    Home DécorHome Décor:                                            Clocks                                                                                   Christmas Ornaments                                                                                   Lamps & Lighting                                                                                   Tabletop Accent Pieces                                                                                   Pillows                                                                                   Photo Frames & Holders                                                                                   Rugs & Mats                                                                                   Mirrors                                       Furniture                                            Benches                                                                                   Cabinets & Storage                                                                                   Tables & Trays                                                                                   Shelving Displays                                       Wall Décor:                                            Framed Wall Art                                                                                   Lighted Wall Décor                                                                                   Wooden Plaques (Plocks)                                                                                   Metal Signs & Art                                                                                   Alternative Wall Décor                                                                                   Corrugated Metal Signs                                                                                   Indoor Canvas                                                                                   Outdoor Canvas                                       Specialty Items                                            Sports Clocks                                                                                   Sports Ornaments                                                                                   Sports Wall Décor                                        --------------------                                            Merchandisers                                                                                   Hardware                                                                                   Boxes & Containers                                        --------------------                                            Best Sellers                                                                                   Warehouse Sale                                       Shop by Brand:                                            Team Sports America                                                                                   Cypress Home                                                                                   Cape Craftsmen                                                                                   b. Boutique                                                                                   Harley-Davidson®                                              Woodstock Chimes                                                                    Kitchen & DiningKitchen & Dining                                            Dinnerware                                                                                   Kitchenware                                                                                   Serveware                                                                                   Napkins                                                                                   Travel / On the Go                                       Drinkware:                                            Coffee / Tea Mugs                                                                                   Insulated Cups / Tumblers                                                                                   Water Bottles                                                                                   Silipint                                       Barware                                            Coasters                                                                                   Wine Glasses                                                                                   Wine Stoppers                                                                                   Wine Bottle Holders                                       Specialty Items                                            Sports Entertaining                                                                                   Sports Bottle Openers                                                                                   Sports Wine Bottle Holders                                                                                   Sports Barware                                        -------------------                                            Merchandisers                                                                                   Hardware                                                                                   Boxes & Containers                                        -------------------                                            Best Sellers                                                                                   Warehouse Sale                                       Shop by Brand:                                            Team Sports America                                                                                   Cypress Home                                                                                   Cape Craftsmen                                                                                   b. Boutique                                                                                   Harley-Davidson®                               Fashion & BabyWomen's Apparel                                            Dresses & Skirts                                                                                   Flip Flops & Sandals                                                                                   Tops / Shirts                                                                                   Bottoms / Pants, Skirts                                                                                   Nursing & Maternity                                       Baby Apparel:                                            Bodysuits                                                                                   Bibs, Booties, Hats                                                                                   Winter Weather                                                                                   Sun Protection                                       Jewelry:                                            Earrings                                                                                   Watches                                                                                   Bracelets                                                                                   Necklaces                                                                                   Jewelry Racks                                       Fashion Accessories:                                            Nursing & Maternity                                                                                   Beach Cover-Ups                                                                                   Tote Bags                                                                                   Handbags & Purses                                                                                   Scarves                                                                                   Cold Weather                                                                                   Sports Wallets & Keychains                                       Specialty Items                                            Baby Blankets                                                                                   Nursing & Maternity                                                                                   Nursery Décor                                                                                   Socks & Footwear                                                                                   Children's Toys                                                                                   Wallet Gift Sets                                       --------------------                                            Merchandisers                                                                                   Hardware                                        --------------------                                            Best Sellers                                                                                   Warehouse Sale                                       Shop by Brand:                                            b. Boutique                                                                                   Team Sports America                                                                                   Harley-Davidson®                               SportsShop by League:                                            NFL                                                                                   MLB                                                                                   NCAA                                                                                   NHL™                                       Shop Specials:                                            Chicago Cubs                                                                                   Pittsburgh Penguins                                                                                   Toronto Maple Leafs                                                                                   20% off specials                                       Shop by Category                                            Christmas Ornaments                                                                                   Clocks                                                                                   Garden Décor                                                                                   Flags                                                                                   Floormats                                                                                   Wallets & Keychains                                                                                   Entertaining                                                                                   Bottle Openers                                                                                   Wine Bottle Holders                                       Shop Top 10 Teams:                                            Green Bay Packers                                                                                   Seattle Seahawks                                                                                   Dallas Cowboys                                                                                   Pittsburgh Steelers                                                                                   Denver Broncos                                                                                   New England Patriots                                                                                   Ohio State University                                                                                   Chicago Bears                                                                                   St. Louis Cardinals                                                                                   Chicago Cubs                                       Shop by Brand:                                            Team Sports America                                                                                   Harley Davidson®                               More...Travel                                            Tote Bags                                                                                   Travel Mugs                                                                                   Make-Mine-To-Go                                                                                   Camping Theme                                                                                   Winter Accessories                                       Trending Themes                                            Stargazing                                                                             Bird Themed                                                                    Valentine's Day                                                                                   Spring                                                                                   Florals & Botanicals                                                                                   Vintage                                                                                   Butterflies                                                                                   Wedding                                                                                   Personalizable                                       Hot Sellers:                                            Sassafras Mats                                                                                   Firefly Solar Lanterns                                                                                   Spring Flags                                                                                   Night Garden Décor                                                                                   Flag Hardware                                                                                   Kinetics Garden Stakes                                                                                   Insulated Cups                                       Shop by Brand:                                            Evergreen Flags                                                                                   Evergreen Garden                                                                                   New Creative                                                                                   Cape Craftsmen                                                                                   Cypress Home                                                                                   b. Boutique                                                                                   Team Sports America                                                                                   Harley Davidson®      Sales & Specials  Home
Catalogs
About
Help











    About Us About Us Our History In the News Our Team Tradeshows Career Center Giving Back LegalMeet Our Team"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." --Henry FordTing XuFounder and Chairman of the BoardTing is the Founder and Chairman of the Board of Evergreen Enterprises. The Company was founded in 1993, when Ting, a computer programmer at the Virginia State Health Department, launched a second career for her retired parents making decorative flags in her garage. Soon joined by her brother, James, and husband, Frank, the Company has become one of the nation's largest flag wholesalers, producing millions of flags each year. Under her leadership, the Company has expanded throughout the home & gift industry, slowly increasing its product assortment to include garden and home décor, officially licensed sports merchandise, and fashion and baby accessories.Ting lives in Goochland, Virginia with her husband and two children. She is heavily involved with the Organization of Chinese Americans, various philanthropic efforts, and the Maggie Walker Governor's School. In her free time, Ting takes pleasure in reading, traveling, and trend shopping.Frank QiuChief Executive OfficerAs CEO, Frank leads the day-to-day operations of Evergreen Enterprises and manages the Company's 300+ employees. Prior to Evergreen Enterprises, Frank worked for the Fudan Economics Research Center (a Chinese think tank), Prudential Insurance, and owned and operated his own insurance agency. Evergreen Enterprises has prospered under Frank's leadership since 1995, and consequently, he has earned various community awards including: Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year (2000) and Fudan University Alumni of the Year (2009).Frank lives in Goochland, Virginia with his wife and two children. Taking on a role as an ambassador in American and Chinese relations, Frank has worked to facilitate business partnerships between the United States and China, while inspiring future generations to achieve their entrepreneurial dreams.  In his spare time, Frank enjoys gardening, reading, and chess.John TolerPresidentAs President, John leads Evergreen Enterprises' sales, customer service, fulfillment and distribution operations. He began his career in the home & gift industry in 1996 as a territory manager for his family's business, Toler Marketing. Prior to his promotion to President, John served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer and prior to that, its Vice President of Sales. Under his leadership in these positions, the sales team tripled its revenue and doubled in size.John earned his B.S. from St. Norbert College and his M.B.A. from St. Louis University. Additionally, he has completed continuing executive education at the Darden School of Business, the Kellogg School of Management, and Harvard Business School. An avid hiker, fisherman, and kayaker; John is married, has two sons, and resides in Richmond, Virginia.Leslie NewtonChief Financial OfficerLeslie believes that calculated decision-making and being agile are critical to being an industry leader. She has spent the better part of her career helping grow and expand some of the areas’ larger retail and wholesale businesses from Heilig-Meyers to Southern States. Her endeavors in making a company a more productive functioning entity do not stop at just the finance side of things. She is just as comfortable talking about numbers as she is in leading human resource initiatives to strengthen the company internally. Originally from Atlanta, she fell in love with Richmond after earning her degree from University of Richmond where she graduated Magna Cum Laude. Richmond has managed to keep her thanks to its reputation for being a foodie city and she has been enjoying everything that has to offer with her family in the fan area of Richmond.James XuExecutive Vice President and TreasurerJames serves as Executive Vice President and Treasurer of Evergreen, a position which encompasses the administration of special projects, product development, and information technology infrastructure. James joined his sister and parents in 1993 after leaving his position as a Senior Network Specialist at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Virginia. He designed the computer and logistics infrastructure that is the backbone of the Company's proprietary ERP system.James earned a Bachelor of Science from Shanghai University in 1989 and Master's Degree in Computer Science from Old Dominion University in 1991. He believes in community development, undertaking a variety of projects including the creation and sourcing of the thirty-four foot copper Neptune Statue in Virginia Beach. James lives in Richmond, Virginia with his wife and two children. In his free time, he enjoys racquetball, hunting, photography, and magic. Brittany TolerSenior Vice President, Product Development & MarketingBrittany leads the Company's product development and creative teams in design, development, and marketing strategy for all of Evergreen's merchandise.  Prior to joining the Company, Brittany held various nation account sales and product development positions with Welcome Home and Cape Craftsmen.  Under her leadership, the product development department has organically launched five new brands, more than tripling SKU count.Brittany earned her B.A. in Communications from the University of North Carolina at Wilmington and her M.B.A. at the University of Cincinnati, College of Business.  Married with two sons, Brittany lives in Richmond, Virginia. She enjoys kayaking, reading, and trend shopping in her spare time.David EarleVice President of FinanceDavid manages the Company's financial operations including accounts receivable, collections, payroll, financial reporting, bank relations, and insurance. Prior to joining the Company in 2003, David held positions in the accounting and internal auditing departments of the Mid-Atlantic Pension Group and MeadWestvaco. As Vice President of Finance, David has expanded the Company's credit facilities and aided in four major acquisitions, reviewing the feasibility and managing incorporations and accounting integration for each.David earned his BS in accounting at the University of Richmond and is a CPA. He lives in Richmond, Virginia with his wife and three children. He enjoys basketball and golf in his spare time.Elden LiuVice President of TechnologyElden has always believed in the mantra – "if you can envision it, we can build it." It is with that vision for tech innovation that he has lead the Information System team in building and developing several key internal systems that are the lifeline to Evergreen and our sister company Plow and Hearth’s product development and eCommerce success. Prior to joining the Evergreen family Elden led teams for IBM Canada and owned his own technology firm, where he developed a light directed picking system to dubbed Pick-to-Light that is still being used today in our Madison distribution center.One of our resident night owls, we can always count on him to be up at all hours of the night troubleshooting for a new site launch or answering questions with our China office. Elden attended the University of Toronto where he received a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Elden travels back and forth throughout the week between our Madison and Richmond offices, but on the weekends he calls Charlottesville home where he enjoys his down time with his family.Frank WoodVice President of Operations and FacilitiesConstant improvement in warehouse and distribution challenges is something that Frank is relentlessly focused on at both Evergreen and our sister company Plow and Hearth. He is responsible for the strategy and direction for improvement in labor costs, productivity and the way we service our diverse customer base. Prior to joining the Evergreen family he spent over 25 years in the OEM and Aftermarket division of the automotive industry. Frank holds a degree in Business Administration from York University in Toronto, Canada and over his career has strived to continue improving through formal training by the American Society of Quality in Continuous Improvement, Lean Manufacturing and is Six Sigma Green Belt on improvement methodology. He is an active member of APICS and is certified in five modules of Supply Chain Management CPIM program.Chris Wornom Business Development & Acquisitions ManagerChris manages and implements Evergreen’s acquisition strategy, focusing on target identification, analysis, valuation, due diligence, and post-closing integration. Chris began his career as an investment banker at Harris Williams & Co. providing merger and acquisition advisory services to companies and financial institutions.  Since joining the Company in 2010, Chris has developed and implemented an acquisition strategy to supplement Evergreen's organic growth, instituted an annual five year planning process, and led the successful acquisition and integration of four new businesses.Chris graduated from the Williams School of Commerce, Economics, and Politics at Washington & Lee University. A Richmond native, Chris lives in the historic Fan District. In his free time, he enjoys traveling, boating, skiing, and reading. 










XU & JAMES INC. - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            XU & JAMES INC.
                                    



 





















X 


XU & JAMES INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



35 W 38TH ST STE 4F NEW YORK, NY 10018
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Xu & James Inc. was founded in 2010. Xu & James Inc. specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







X

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















James Xu's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up James Xu#644532@james_xu0Following0FollowersFollow0 Upvotes😩No upvotes yet.Share this profile















James Xu Lawyer / Attorney | Goodwin











































Menu












OUR PEOPLE
Meet Us


Meet Our People



                                Search
                            










Quick Links


{{entity.Name}}











                                By Service or Location
                            






Service



Advisory Services


Antitrust + Competition


Appellate Litigation


Banking


Business + Commercial Litigation


Buyouts + Acquisitions


Capital Markets


Carbon Markets + Climate Change


China


Class Actions


CleanTech


Consumer Financial Services


Consumer Financial Services Enforcement


Consumer Financial Services Litigation


Copyrights


Crowdfunding


Debt Finance


Digital Currency + Blockchain Technology


Energy


Environmental Litigation


ERISA + Executive Compensation


ERISA Litigation


Europe


Fair + Responsible Lending


False Claims Act


FDA


FDA Litigation


Financial Industry


Financial Industry Litigation


Financial Restructuring


FinTech


Food + Healthy Living


Foreign Corrupt Practices Act


Gaming + Gambling


Government Contracts + Disputes


Government Investigations + Enforcement


Growth Equity


Hatch-Waxman + Biosimilars Litigation


Hedge Funds


Higher Education


Hospitality + Leisure


Impact + Responsible Investing


India


Insurance


Intellectual Property


Investment Management


Investment Management Litigation


Israel


ITC 337 Proceedings


Labor + Employment


Leasing


Life Sciences


Litigation + Dispute Resolution


Litigation Services


Mergers + Acquisitions


Mining


Mortgage Banking


National Security + Foreign Trade Regulation


New Company Formation


Opinions + Counseling


Patent Litigation


Patent Prosecution + Counseling


Patent Trial + Appeal Board


Pharmaceuticals


Privacy + Cybersecurity


Private Equity


Private Equity Asia


Private Equity France


Private Equity Germany


Private Equity UK


Private Equity US East Coast


Private Equity US West Coast


Private Investment Funds


Products Liability + Mass Torts


Proposition 65 + Food Labeling Litigation


Public Companies


Real Estate Acquisitions + Dispositions


Real Estate Design + Construction


Real Estate Development + Permitting


Real Estate Dispute Resolution


Real Estate Finance + Restructurings


Real Estate Industry


Real Estate Investment Funds


Real Estate Joint Ventures


Real Estate Tax


REITs and Real Estate M+A


Risk Management + Insurance


Search Funds


Securities + Shareholder Litigation


Securitization + Derivatives


Strategic Technology Transactions and Licensing


Tax


Tax-Exempt Organizations


Technology


Trademarks


Transactional Services


Transportation


Trusts + Estates Court Practice


Trusts + Estates Planning


Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services


United States


Venture Capital


Venture Capital + Private Equity Funds


White Collar Defense






Location



Boston


Frankfurt


Hong Kong


London


Los Angeles


New York


Paris


San Francisco


Silicon Valley


Washington, DC





 



                                A-Z
                            




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z










SERVICES
Explore our Services


Industries



                                Financial Industry
                            





                                Life Sciences
                            





                                Private Equity
                            





                                Real Estate Industry
                            





                                Technology
                            





                                Additional Industries
                            

Additional Industries



                                                            Banking
                                                        



                                                            Carbon Markets + Climate Change
                                                        



                                                            Consumer Financial Services
                                                        



                                                            CleanTech
                                                        



                                                            Crowdfunding
                                                        



                                                            Energy
                                                        



                                                            FinTech
                                                        



                                                            Food + Healthy Living
                                                        



                                                            Gaming + Gambling
                                                        



                                                            Higher Education
                                                        



                                                            Hospitality + Leisure
                                                        



                                                            Investment Management
                                                        



                                                            Insurance
                                                        



                                                            Mining
                                                        



                                                            Pharmaceuticals
                                                        



                                                            Private Investment Funds
                                                        



                                                            REITs and Real Estate M+A
                                                        



                                                            Tax-Exempt Organizations
                                                        





Practices



                                Corporate
                            




                                                            Buyouts + Acquisitions
                                                        



                                                            Capital Markets
                                                        



                                                            Debt Finance
                                                        



                                                            ERISA + Executive Compensation
                                                        



                                                            Financial Restructuring
                                                        



                                                            Growth Equity
                                                        



                                                            Impact + Responsible Investing
                                                        



                                                            Intellectual Property
                                                        



                                                            Labor + Employment
                                                        



                                                            Mergers + Acquisitions
                                                        



                                                            New Company Formation
                                                        



                                                            Privacy + Cybersecurity
                                                        



                                                            Private Investment Funds
                                                        



                                                            REITs and Real Estate M+A
                                                        



                                                            Search Funds
                                                        



                                                            Tax
                                                        



                                                            Trusts + Estates Planning
                                                        



                                                            Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services
                                                        



                                                            Venture Capital
                                                        






                                Litigation
                            




                                                            Antitrust + Competition
                                                        



                                                            Appellate Litigation
                                                        



                                                            Business + Commercial Litigation
                                                        



                                                            ERISA Litigation
                                                        



                                                            Government Investigations + Enforcement
                                                        



                                                            Environmental Litigation
                                                        



                                                            Financial Industry Litigation
                                                        



                                                            Impact + Responsible Investing
                                                        



                                                            Labor + Employment
                                                        



                                                            Intellectual Property
                                                        



                                                            Privacy + Cybersecurity
                                                        



                                                            Products Liability + Mass Torts
                                                        



                                                            Securities + Shareholder Litigation
                                                        



                                                            White Collar Defense
                                                        






                                Regulatory + Advisory
                            




                                                            Antitrust + Competition
                                                        



                                                            Banking
                                                        



                                                            Environmental Litigation
                                                        



                                                            ERISA + Executive Compensation
                                                        



                                                            Labor + Employment
                                                        



                                                            FDA
                                                        



                                                            Financial Restructuring
                                                        



                                                            FinTech
                                                        



                                                            National Security + Foreign Trade Regulation
                                                        



                                                            Impact + Responsible Investing
                                                        



                                                            Investment Management
                                                        



                                                            Privacy + Cybersecurity
                                                        



                                                            Private Investment Funds
                                                        



                                                            Tax
                                                        



                                                            Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services
                                                        



                                                            Trusts + Estates Planning
                                                        






                                All
                            




Regions



                                Global Reach
                            

Offices



                                                            Offices
                                                        



                                                            Boston
                                                        



                                                            Frankfurt
                                                        



                                                            Hong Kong
                                                        



                                                            London
                                                        



                                                            Los Angeles
                                                        



                                                            New York
                                                        



                                                            Paris
                                                        



                                                            San Francisco
                                                        



                                                            Silicon Valley
                                                        



                                                            Washington, DC
                                                        


Regions



                                                            Regions
                                                        



                                                            China
                                                        



                                                            Europe
                                                        



                                                            India
                                                        



                                                            Israel
                                                        



                                                            United States
                                                        









PUBLICATIONS
Read our thoughts and opinions


Thought Leadership



                                Alerts
                            





                                Attorney Articles
                            





                                Blogs
                            





                                Goodwin Insights
                            





                                Series
                            





                                All Publications
                            




Resources



                                Business Litigation Knowledge Center
                                    Business litigation case summaries and developments.






                                Consumer Finance Year in Review
                                    Developments, issues and trends to watch. 






                                Year End Toolkit
                                    Year-end Resources for public companies. 









APPROACH
Partnering with Clients


Ensuring Value



                                Approach
                                    At Goodwin, we take the time to understand your business and adapt ours to yours.





Adding Value



                                Publications
                                    Articles, videos and resources for clients and professionals






                                Case Studies
                                    Explore real examples of client achievements, innovations and solutions









JOIN US
Launch a Goodwin Career


Join Us



                                People and Culture
                            





                                Lawyers
                            




                                                            Legal Careers Overview
                                                        



                                                            Experienced Lawyers
                                                        



                                                            Law Students
                                                        






                                Professional Staff
                            





                                Open Positions
                            








FIRM
CASE STUDIES
NEWS
EVENTS
LOCATIONS
DIVERSITY
PRO BONO





Meet Our People



                                Search
                            



                                By Service or Location
                            



                                A-Z
                            




Industries



                                Financial Industry
                            



                                Life Sciences
                            



                                Private Equity
                            



                                Real Estate Industry
                            



                                Technology
                            



                                Additional Industries
                            


Practices



                                Corporate
                            



                                Litigation
                            



                                Regulatory + Advisory
                            



                                All
                            


Regions



                                Global Reach
                            




Thought Leadership



                                Alerts
                            



                                Attorney Articles
                            



                                Blogs
                            



                                Goodwin Insights
                            



                                Series
                            



                                All Publications
                            


Resources



                                Business Litigation Knowledge Center
                                    Business litigation case summaries and developments.




                                Consumer Finance Year in Review
                                    Developments, issues and trends to watch. 




                                Year End Toolkit
                                    Year-end Resources for public companies. 





Ensuring Value



                                Approach
                                    At Goodwin, we take the time to understand your business and adapt ours to yours.



Adding Value



                                Publications
                                    Articles, videos and resources for clients and professionals




                                Case Studies
                                    Explore real examples of client achievements, innovations and solutions





Join Us



                                People and Culture
                            



                                Lawyers
                            



                                Professional Staff
                            



                                Open Positions
                            


 













Quick Links


{{entity.Name}}














Service



Advisory Services


Antitrust + Competition


Appellate Litigation


Banking


Business + Commercial Litigation


Buyouts + Acquisitions


Capital Markets


Carbon Markets + Climate Change


China


Class Actions


CleanTech


Consumer Financial Services


Consumer Financial Services Enforcement


Consumer Financial Services Litigation


Copyrights


Crowdfunding


Debt Finance


Digital Currency + Blockchain Technology


Energy


Environmental Litigation


ERISA + Executive Compensation


ERISA Litigation


Europe


Fair + Responsible Lending


False Claims Act


FDA


FDA Litigation


Financial Industry


Financial Industry Litigation


Financial Restructuring


FinTech


Food + Healthy Living


Foreign Corrupt Practices Act


Gaming + Gambling


Government Contracts + Disputes


Government Investigations + Enforcement


Growth Equity


Hatch-Waxman + Biosimilars Litigation


Hedge Funds


Higher Education


Hospitality + Leisure


Impact + Responsible Investing


India


Insurance


Intellectual Property


Investment Management


Investment Management Litigation


Israel


ITC 337 Proceedings


Labor + Employment


Leasing


Life Sciences


Litigation + Dispute Resolution


Litigation Services


Mergers + Acquisitions


Mining


Mortgage Banking


National Security + Foreign Trade Regulation


New Company Formation


Opinions + Counseling


Patent Litigation


Patent Prosecution + Counseling


Patent Trial + Appeal Board


Pharmaceuticals


Privacy + Cybersecurity


Private Equity


Private Equity Asia


Private Equity France


Private Equity Germany


Private Equity UK


Private Equity US East Coast


Private Equity US West Coast


Private Investment Funds


Products Liability + Mass Torts


Proposition 65 + Food Labeling Litigation


Public Companies


Real Estate Acquisitions + Dispositions


Real Estate Design + Construction


Real Estate Development + Permitting


Real Estate Dispute Resolution


Real Estate Finance + Restructurings


Real Estate Industry


Real Estate Investment Funds


Real Estate Joint Ventures


Real Estate Tax


REITs and Real Estate M+A


Risk Management + Insurance


Search Funds


Securities + Shareholder Litigation


Securitization + Derivatives


Strategic Technology Transactions and Licensing


Tax


Tax-Exempt Organizations


Technology


Trademarks


Transactional Services


Transportation


Trusts + Estates Court Practice


Trusts + Estates Planning


Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services


United States


Venture Capital


Venture Capital + Private Equity Funds


White Collar Defense






Location



Boston


Frankfurt


Hong Kong


London


Los Angeles


New York


Paris


San Francisco


Silicon Valley


Washington, DC











A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z





Additional Industries



                                Banking
                            



                                Carbon Markets + Climate Change
                            



                                Consumer Financial Services
                            



                                CleanTech
                            



                                Crowdfunding
                            



                                Energy
                            



                                FinTech
                            



                                Food + Healthy Living
                            



                                Gaming + Gambling
                            



                                Higher Education
                            



                                Hospitality + Leisure
                            



                                Investment Management
                            



                                Insurance
                            



                                Mining
                            



                                Pharmaceuticals
                            



                                Private Investment Funds
                            



                                REITs and Real Estate M+A
                            



                                Tax-Exempt Organizations
                            







                                Buyouts + Acquisitions
                            



                                Capital Markets
                            



                                Debt Finance
                            



                                ERISA + Executive Compensation
                            



                                Financial Restructuring
                            



                                Growth Equity
                            



                                Impact + Responsible Investing
                            



                                Intellectual Property
                            



                                Labor + Employment
                            



                                Mergers + Acquisitions
                            



                                New Company Formation
                            



                                Privacy + Cybersecurity
                            



                                Private Investment Funds
                            



                                REITs and Real Estate M+A
                            



                                Search Funds
                            



                                Tax
                            



                                Trusts + Estates Planning
                            



                                Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services
                            



                                Venture Capital
                            







                                Antitrust + Competition
                            



                                Appellate Litigation
                            



                                Business + Commercial Litigation
                            



                                ERISA Litigation
                            



                                Government Investigations + Enforcement
                            



                                Environmental Litigation
                            



                                Financial Industry Litigation
                            



                                Impact + Responsible Investing
                            



                                Labor + Employment
                            



                                Intellectual Property
                            



                                Privacy + Cybersecurity
                            



                                Products Liability + Mass Torts
                            



                                Securities + Shareholder Litigation
                            



                                White Collar Defense
                            







                                Antitrust + Competition
                            



                                Banking
                            



                                Environmental Litigation
                            



                                ERISA + Executive Compensation
                            



                                Labor + Employment
                            



                                FDA
                            



                                Financial Restructuring
                            



                                FinTech
                            



                                National Security + Foreign Trade Regulation
                            



                                Impact + Responsible Investing
                            



                                Investment Management
                            



                                Privacy + Cybersecurity
                            



                                Private Investment Funds
                            



                                Tax
                            



                                Trusts + Estates Planning Advisory Services
                            



                                Trusts + Estates Planning
                            




Offices



                                Offices
                            



                                Boston
                            



                                Frankfurt
                            



                                Hong Kong
                            



                                London
                            



                                Los Angeles
                            



                                New York
                            



                                Paris
                            



                                San Francisco
                            



                                Silicon Valley
                            



                                Washington, DC
                            


Regions



                                Regions
                            



                                China
                            



                                Europe
                            



                                India
                            



                                Israel
                            



                                United States
                            







                                Legal Careers Overview
                            



                                Experienced Lawyers
                            



                                Law Students
                            


 












James

Xu


Associate






                                Boston
                            





James

Xu






View PDF





Share











Get In Touch






Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








jxu@goodwinlaw.com







Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com







邮箱
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








Boston 
+1 617 570 1483








Download VCard







VCard Herunterladen















下载v卡








View PDF








Share




Close







Get In Touch






Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








jxu@goodwinlaw.com







Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com







邮箱
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








Boston
+1 617 570 1483








Download VCard







VCard Herunterladen















下载v卡




Close









James Xu is an associate in in Goodwin’s Technology Companies & Life Sciences Group. Mr. Xu counsels clients in the high-tech and life sciences industries in public and private financing transactions, including initial public offerings, securities law reporting and compliance, mergers and acquisitions, governance and other general corporate matters. He joined Goodwin in 2010.








Areas of Practice

                        Tätigkeitsfelder
                    



                        业务范围
                    


China


Private Equity


Technology


Life Sciences


Capital Markets


Public Companies


New Company Formation


Venture Capital


Pharmaceuticals










Experience

Erfahrung





工作经历






BioAmber in its $38.6 million and $35.1 million follow on public offerings
BMO Capital Markets, Stifel and the underwriting syndicate in Tokai Pharmaceuticals’s $97 million initial public offering
Borderfree in its $80 million initial public offering and subsequent $395 million sale to Pitney Bowes 
Cowen and Company, Stifel and the underwriting syndicate in Nivalis Therapeutics’s $88 million initial public offering
Deutsche Bank, BofA Merrill Lynch, William Blair and the underwriting syndicate in Paylocity’s $138 million initial public offering
Esperion Therapeutics in its  $97 million and $201 million  follow-on public offerings
Leerink Partners, Credit Suisse and the underwriting syndicate in Edge Therapeutics’s $92 million initial public offering
Mimecast Limited in its $77.5 million initial public offering
Piper Jaffray, Stifel and the underwriting syndicate in Innocoll AG’s $59 million initial public offering, and Piper Jaffray in Innocoll AG’s $30 million follow-on public offering
ProQR Therapeutics in its $97.5 million initial public offering and its subsequent at-the-market public offering
Rapid Micro Biosystems in its $32 million Series B financing and subsequent  $25 million Series C financing
Vascular Biogenics Ltd. in its $40 million initial public offering and its subsequent $15 million follow-on offering
Virtusa in its $91 million follow-on public offering 






Professional Experience
Prior to joining Goodwin, Mr. Xu was a Litigation Fellow at the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law of the Boston Bar Association, practicing civil rights litigation in the areas of employment, housing and racial violence.
Mr. Xu co-authored “Consistency of Confusion? A Fifteen-Year Revisiting of Barton Beebe’s Empirical Analysis of Multifactor Tests for Trademark Infringement,” which was published in the Stanford Technology Law Review (2010 Stan. Tech. L. Rev. 3).








In The News

                                In den Nachrichten
                            

                                在新闻中
                            






{{news.Date}}



View More








Credentials



                        Anmeldeinformationen
                    



                        专业资格
                    






Education
                                

J.D., 2009Harvard Law School
                                    

B.A., 2006University of California, Davis
                                    

 


Admissions
                            
Bar


                                            Massachusetts
                                        













Get In Touch
In Kontakt kommen
Get In Touch
联系我们

                    Our clients rely on us for world-class advisory services, counsel on complex transactional work and high-stakes litigation. Specializing in matters involving the financial, life sciences, private equity, real estate, and technology industries, we use a collaborative, cross-disciplinary approach to resolve our clients’ most challenging issues. To find out more, please contact us.
                

                        Unsere Kunden verlassen sich auf uns für erstklassige Beratungsdienste, beraten über komplexe Transaktionsarbeiten und High-Stakes-Prozesse. Spezialisiert auf Angelegenheiten der Finanz-, Life-Sciences-, Private-Equity-, Immobilien-und Technologie-Industrie, verwenden wir eine kooperative, interdisziplinäre Ansatz zur Lösung unserer Kunden am schwierigsten Fragen. Um mehr zu erfahren, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte.
                    



客户信赖我们世界一流的咨询服务，希望获得针对复杂事务性工作与高风险诉讼的建议。我们通过协作式、跨领域的工作方法来解决客户最棘手的问题，涵盖金融、生命科学、私募股权、不动产和技术等多个行业。如需更多信息，请与我们联系。




Get In Touch






Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








jxu@goodwinlaw.com







Email
jxu@goodwinlaw.com







邮箱
jxu@goodwinlaw.com








Boston
+1 617 570 1483








Download VCard







VCard Herunterladen















下载v卡




Close





                Search Other Lawyers
            

                        Suche Andere Rechtsanwälte
                    

                        搜寻其他律师
                    


China


Private Equity


Technology


Life Sciences


Capital Markets


Public Companies


New Company Formation


Venture Capital


Pharmaceuticals













Ressourcen in Deutsch






Search







Quick Links


















Xu Zhen (Produced by MadeIn) - Artists - James Cohan GalleryEnglish / 中文Xu Zhen (Produced by MadeIn)ArtworksArtist BioExhibitionsPress / MediaNews精选作品艺术家简历展览报道与评论新闻ArtworksVideosThumbnails美術品视频簡短文字Inquire About This Work
	XU ZHENCorporate - (Erected) 
	2016
	Genuine and artificial leather, BDSM accessories, foam, metal, wood
	98 3/8 x 110 3/16 x 13 3/4 in. 
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- 2808TR1601
	Oil on canvas, aluminum
	70 3/4 (diameter) x 5 1/2 in.
	XU ZHENUnder Heaven -- 2808TV1512
	2015
	Oil on canvas, aluminum
	90 3/8 x 70 3/4 x 5 1/2 in. 
	XU ZHENFocus
	2016
	Camera, aboriginal spear
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENVault-of-Heaven Vase
	2013
	Porcelain
	22 13/16 x 16 1/2 x 16 1/2 in. 
	XU ZHEN Eternity-Aphrodite of Knidos, Tang Dynasty Sitting Buddha
	2014 
	Glass fiber-reinforced concrete, marble grains, sandstone grains, mineral pigments, steel 
	139 3/4 x 35 13/16 x 35 13/16 in.
	355 x 91 x 91 cm
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHENCorporate
	2014-2015 
	19 casts of classical statuary, cast in Jesmonite and marble grains
	Dimensions variable 
	Edition of 3
	 
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- Black Light (series)
	2014 
	Oil on canvas, aluminum 
	90 1/2 x 129 7/8 x 9 13/16 in.
	230 x 330 x 25 cm
	 
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- Black Light (series) (detail)
	2014 
	Oil on canvas, aluminum 
	90 1/2 x 129 7/8 x 9 13/16 in.
	230 x 330 x 25 cm
	XU ZHEN You Are Not Being Tolerant
	2014 
	Mirror finish stainless steel, metal chains 
	36 9/16 x 29 1/2 x 1 1/8 in.
	93 x 75 x 3 cm
	XU ZHEN Eternity (Greek Parthenon East Pediment Statues, Chinese Ancient Buddha Statues)
	2014  
	Glass fiber reinforced concrete, marble grains, steel 
	59 13/16 x 5 7/8 x 13 11/16 in.
	152 x 15 x 34.8 cm
	Edition of 99
	 
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- 1136NH1409
	2014 
	Oil on canvas, aluminum 
	37 3/8 x 55 1/16 x 5 5/16 in.
	95 x 140 x 13.5 cm
	XU ZHEN Eternity - Tianlongshan Standing Bodhisattva, Statue of Nike of Paionios
	2014
	Glass fiber-reinforced concrete, marble grains, sandstone grains, steel, mineral pigments
	148 x 59 x 59 in.
	375.9 x 149.9 x 149.9 cm
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHEN 
	Light Source -- Bathsheba Holding King David's Letter
	2014 
	Oil on canvas 
	33.8 x 38.6 in.
	86 x 98 cm
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- 3228IN0144
	2014 
	Oil on canvas, aluminum 
	37 3/8 x 55 1/16 x 4 5/16 in.
	95 x 140 x 11 cm
	 
	XU ZHEN Light Source -- Le Verrou 
	2012 
	Oil on canvas 
	55 1/8 x 72 1/2 in.
	140 x 184 cm
	 
	XU ZHEN Under Heaven -- 3332FI0405
	2014 
	Oil on canvas, aluminum 
	35 3/8 x 47 3/16 x 4 7/8 in.
	90 x 120 x 12.5 cm
	XU ZHENThings I see every morning when I wake up and think of every night before I sleep 
	2009
	Mixed media, razor wire
	Approximately 84 X 84 X 84 in.
	XU ZHENLike Real 
	2009
	Mixed media, wood, cables, prosthetics
	Approximately 192 X 276 X 144 in.
	Background: Widespread 2, 2009
	XU ZHENWidespread 2
	2009
	Acrylic on canvas
	68 1/2 X 183 X 2 1/4 in.
	XU ZHENDual Game
	2009
	Mixed media, dirt, snooker table
	32 1/2 X 81 X 151 in.
	XU ZHENDual Game 
	2009
	Mixed media, dirt, snooker table
	32 1/2 X 81 X 151 in.
	XU ZHENIt 
	2008
	Nikon microscope, stainless steel table and stool and sandkorns
	Dimensions variable
	Edition of 6
	XU ZHENIt 
	2008
	Nikon microscope, stainless steel table and stool, and sandkorns
	Dimensions variable
	Edition of 6
	XU ZHENIn Just a Blink of an Eye 
	2007
	Co-presented by PERFORMA and Long March Project at James Cohan Gallery as part of PERFORMA07
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket 
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket 
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENShanghart Supermarket
	2007
	Mixed media installation (Cash register, counter, shelves, refrigerator and multiple consumer products)
	Dimensions variable
	XU ZHENNever Falls 
	2006
	Aluminum, three-phase motor, pedestal with metal frame
	31 1/2 in.
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHENNever Falls
	2006
	Aluminum, three-phase motor, pedestal with metal frame
	31 1/2 in.
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHENNever Falls
	2006
	Aluminum, three-phase motor, pedestal with metal frame
	31 1/2 in.
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHENNever Falls 
	2006
	Aluminum, three-phase motor, pedestal with metal frame
	31 1/2 in.
	Edition of 3
	XU ZHEN
	From Ruili, November 2006
	2006 C-print
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN18 Days 
	2006
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN18 Days [video still]
	2006
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN8848-1.86 [installation view]
	2005
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN8848-1.86 [video still]
	2005
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN8848-1.86 [video still]
	2005
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5
	XU ZHEN8848-1.86 
	2005
	Single channel DVD video installation with sound
	Edition of 5Artist Bio艺术家简介Download Bio English PDF
	XU ZHEN, Focus, 2016, Camera, aboriginal spear
	Xu Zhen is a conceptual artist whose work often takes the form of provocative sculptures, installations and interventions that confront sociopolitical taboos in contemporary China and freely manipulate western expectations of Chinese art and commerce.
	In 2009 Xu Zhen subsumed his individual artistic identity and transformed into MadeIn – an “art creation company.” Subsequently in 2013, MadeIn launched a brand – Xu Zhen, redundantly making Xu a product of his own corporation.
	Born in 1977, Xu Zhen has been the subject of solo exhibitions at the Kunsthaus Graz, Austria (2015); Long Museum, Shanghai, China (2015); Ullens Center for Contemporary Art, Beijing, China (2014); the Minsheng Museum, Shanghai, China (2012); Kunsthalle Bern, Switzerland (2011); and S.M.A.K., Gent, Belgium (2009); as well as major international group exhibitions such as 20th Biennale of Sydney, Australia (2016); Chinese artists at a time of Turbulence and Transformation, Fondation Louis Vuitton, Paris (2016); Contemporary Art from China, Qatar Museums Gallery Al Riwaq, Doha, Qatar (2016) and New Collection, Centre Pompidou, Paris (2015) 15 Rooms, co-curated by Klaus Biesenbach and Hans-Ulrich Obrist, Art Basel (2014); the 12th Biennale de Lyon (2013); Art of Change, Hayward Gallery, UK (2012); Performa07, New York (2007); the 10th International Istanbul Biennial (2007). He was also included in the 49th Venice Biennale (2001), and the 51st Venice Biennale (2005). He lives and works in Shanghai.ExhibitionsGallery ExhibitionXu Zhen
                          533 W26 ST | SEPT 8 - OCT 8

                      New YorkView ExhibitionGallery ExhibitionXu ZhenLonely Miracle: Middle East Contemporary Art
                                                              September 10 - October 10, 2009
                
                         
                      New YorkView ExhibitionGallery ExhibitionMatters of Faith事关信念: 安塞姆•基弗 Anselm Kiefer, 白南准 Nam June Paik, 比尔•维奥拉 Bill Viola, 徐震 Xu Zhen
                                                              March 27 - May 30, 2009
                
                         
                      ShanghaiView ExhibitionGallery ExhibitionXu Zhen, Folkert de Jong, and Martha Colburn
                                                              September 06 - October 04, 2008
                
                         
                      New YorkView ExhibitionGallery ExhibitionXu ZhenJust Did It
                                                              February 02 - March 08, 2008
                
                         
                      New YorkView ExhibitionPress / MediaView MoreArticles / ReviewsThe Village Voice"Flirtatious Pink, Not Revolutionary Red, Is Xu Zhen’s Color," by Mary WangGo to linkArticles / ReviewsARTnews"Like Frosting on a Birthday Cake: Xu Zhen at James Cohan," by Barbara PollackGo to linkArticles / ReviewsArtforum"Xu Zhen," by Chelsea LiuGo to linkArticles / ReviewsThe Art Newspaper"Artist opens subversive supermarket in Shanghai"Go to linkArticles / ReviewsBlouin Artinfo"20th Sydney Biennale Q&A: Xu Zhen's Mutilated Sculptures," Nicholas ForrestGo to linkArticles / ReviewsArt + Auction"25 Most Collectible Midcareer Artists: Xu Zhen," by Angela SchusterGo to linkArticles / ReviewsThe New York Times"Redefining Chinese Artists, in Qatar," by Barbara PollackGo to linkArticles / ReviewsKaleidoscope Asia"Xu Zhen," by Xiaowen ZhuGo to linkArticles / ReviewsParkett"Xu Zhen," by Phillippe Pirotte, et al.Go to linkArticles / ReviewsHyperallergicThe Long Museum Presents ‘Xu Zhen Solo Exhibition’Go to linkArticles / ReviewsThe Wall Street Journal“China’s New Generation of Artists,” by Wei GuGo to linkArticles / ReviewsFrieze“Mergers & Acquisitions,” by Colin ChinneryGo to linkArticles / ReviewsArt in America"Xu Zhen’s Brand of Armory Show," by Richard VineGo to linkArticles / ReviewsThe New York Times“Wryly Nibbling at His Bread and Butter,” by Barbara PollackGo to linkArticles / ReviewsArt in America"Art, Inc. Shanghai", by Travis JeppesenGo to linkArticles / ReviewsARTnews"Risky Business," by Barbara PollackGo to linkNewsView MoreNews / EventsXu Zhen at Somerset HousePhysique of ConciousnessJuly 2, 2016Go to linkGallery ExhibitionXu Zhen at the National Gallery of AustraliaThrough November 2016Canberra, AustraliaGo to linkNews / EventsXu Zhen at the Sydney BiennaleMarch 18 - June 5, 2016Sydney, AustraliaGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at White RabbitHeavy ArtilleryChippendale, AustraliaGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at Qatar Museums Gallery Al RiwaqWhat About the Art? Contemporary Art from ChinaMarch 14 - July 16, 2016Doha, QatarGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at Fondation Louis VuittonGroup ExhibitionJanuary 27 - September 5, 2016Paris, FranceGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at Kunsthaus GrazSolo ExhibitionSeptember 27, 2015 - October 1, 2016Go to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at Witte de WithSolo ProjectJuly 14 - August 16, 2015Rotterdam, the NetherlandsGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at the Asian Art MuseumGroup ExhibitionGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at the Long MuseumSolo ExhibitionMarch 29 - May 24, 2015Shanghai, ChinaGo to linkNews / EventsXu Zhen at Armory Show 2014Commissioned ArtistMarch 6--9, 2014Piers 92 & 94, New York City, NYGo to linkMuseum ExhibitionXu Zhen at Ullens Center for Contemporary ArtMidcareer RetrospectiveJanuary 19 - April 24, 2014Beijing, ChinaGo to linkNews / Events
            PERFORMA 07
          Artist Xu Zhen presents In Just a Blink of an Eye at James Cohan GalleryView MorePlease check back later.Back to top