




Linda  Yaccarino's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
Y
Yaccarino

Linda  Yaccarino




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 279574207Linda L Yaccarino15842 23rd AvePhoenix, AZ 85023(602) 993-8163Background Check - Available
Record ID: 279574226Linda F Yaccarino15842 23rd AvePhoenix, AZ 85023(602) 993-8163Background Check - Available
Record ID: 427860788Linda L Yaccarino15842 23rd AvePhoenix, AZ 85023Age 65 (Born 1952)(602) 993-1425Background Check - Available
Record ID: 427860789Linda F Yaccarino15842 23rd AvePhoenix, AZ 85023Age 65 (Born 1952)(602) 993-8163Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017









NBCUniversal Ad Sales Chief Slams Nielsen for TV Measurement Problems | Variety

















































 











































 



















































Variety



Continue to Variety () 
SKIP AD































  
























Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 














HomeDigitalNews 



NBCUniversal Ad Sales Chief Slams Nielsen for TV Measurement Problems











Andrew Wallenstein

Co-Editor-in-Chief
@awallenstein 











































































				Share This Article
				











							LinkedIn						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						















Bryan Haraway/Variety/REX Shutterstock


January 7, 2016 | 05:18PM PT





If Nielsen isn’t going to do a good enough job accurately measuring TV to satisfy NBCUniversal, the conglomerate isn’t about to stand idly by.
That’s the word from Linda Yaccarino, chairman of advertising sales and client partnerships, who had harsh words for the measurement giant in a keynote Q&A at Variety Entertainment Summit on Thursday at CES.
She issued a call to action for the entire industry to make their frustrations known. “It’s unfair to marketers, it’s unfair to content creators, and it’s up to all of us in this industry to take a stand,” said Yaccarino. “We need to reach beyond a C3 rating.”
Yaccarino cited NBCU’s move last October to take CNBC Business Day off of Nielsen as an example of the industry not having to fear negative repercussions.







“Nothing bad happened,” Yaccarino noted. “The sky didn’t fall. The network didn’t go off the air. In fact, marketers love that they’ve finally got an accurate picture of their audience. And there’s no reason we can’t do that across our entire industry.”
If Nielsen’s move toward introducing a Total Audience Measurement solution that adequately tracked viewing across platforms was supposed to satisfy NBCU, Yaccarino didn’t seem too impressed. She cited Nielsen’s expansion from 25,000 to 40,000 homes to measure wasn’t enough considering offices and bars still aren’t being monitored.
“Yes, Nielsen just debuted their Total Audience metric, but progress is slow, and we have some serious questions about their methodology,” said Yaccarino. “There’s nothing ‘total’ about that metric if you ask me.”
Yaccarino lamented how NBC series like “Blindspot” are seeing as much as 700,000 viewers in the 18-49 demo not being accounted for. “And, to get those totally wrong numbers, I have to wait three weeks for C3 delivery. It’s insane,” she groused.
Making matters worse is that streaming services and social platforms are winning over marketers with more data-driven products despite the fact their own ad solutions have serious problems of their own.
“But I get it,” she said. “For marketers, the allure of comprehensive audience data is powerful enough to ignore all that. I mean, consider the alternative. What does a C3 rating tell you anyway? Almost nothing. Age, gender, maybe? It’s practically useless. But that’s TV.”
NBCU has its own approach to melding content and data analytics called “VT,” which stands for video technology.
“With VT, we’re revolutionizing our data offerings to give marketers the clearest possible picture of the audience, and the ability to create powerful, meaningful moments with them,” she said.
It helps that NBCU has a parent company like Comcast, which has a massive audience base with data-rich set-top boxes in their homes.
“Comcast has 23 million subscribers,” noted Yaccarino. “Who do you think has the better data?”
Nevertheless, Comcast data is a small comfort when the currency remains Nielsen, which she believes is undercounting NBCU audiences.
“Imagine you’re a quarterback, and every time you threw a touchdown, it was only worth four points instead of six,” vented Yaccarino. “That’s basically what I’m dealing with every friggin’ day.”












Filed Under:

CES 2016Linda YaccarinoNBCUniversalNielsen 

Want to read more articles like this one?
									SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY.
								

Post A Comment


			5		





 




























Biz									

Trump Fires Reince Priebus, Announces New Chief of Staff














Biz									

Anthony Scaramucci Pulls Out of Politicon After Vulgar Rant














Music									

Bennington’s Widow Releases Heartbreaking Statement














Film									

12 Most Badass Action Heroines






















Oscars: Venice, Telluride, Toronto Lineups Provide Awards Season Snapshot					







‘Detroit’: Annapurna’s Pulse-Pounding Debut Release Aims for Oscar Gold					







Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Is the First Slam-Dunk Oscar Contender of 2017					







‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Scores Hulu Its First Big Emmy Nominations					








Variety Jobs




Creative Development Coordinator

Triptyk Studios, New York, New York



Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency)

Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California



Media Specialist

Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut



Executive Director, Aspen Film

Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado



Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships

Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut



See More Jobs



 
Marketplace












Leave a Reply 5 Comments 
 Cancel reply 
				Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications.


Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 

 




 Michele says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 10:54 am 
Awww. Seems like NBC is just tasting sour grapes in the programing they chosen, which is not based on talent or content but more on has been celebs who aren’t doing movies anymore. poor baby.
Reply





 Dax says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 4:54 pm 
Canaries cry in a coal mine too
15-35% under reported?
 Let’s be honest, more choice plus less scarcity equals peak ad rates no matter how many you cram in – viewers don’t like them !
Reply







 Mike M says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 3:48 am 
A brave and more than timely list of criticisms. The problem now is that they can never be addressed by Nielsen. The horse has bolted, leaving the cart in the middle of traffic, at rush hour, facing the wrong way.
Once, there were problems that could be addressed. Everyone consumed TV via one device, theoretically making a capture of reasonably accurate viewer data possible. Even then, all manner of known issues were present. Where data was sampled, how much, when and who was actually watching. At what was accurately measured as a “view” versus a channel change. 
Did all of these issues get addressed when they could have been? No, they didn’t. We had sample sizes at best questionable, in locations that were of questionable location, with “sweeps” that Networks micromanaged against with “loaded” episodes with special guest stars etc, because the golden word became “extrapolation”; we can never accurately capture ALL the required data but we are confident that the data we have can be accurately “modeled” to represent a fair an equal distribution of viewers at a given date and time.
The first DVR’s came along that recorded to DVD media and were seen as nothing more than the VCR. That unit in itself threw the data readings out still further, as from the first video taped TV show, the fast forward button was pressed. But quality was not great, and VCR’s ran out of tape during shows and had to be manually programmed. So it was not a huge impact.
Then came the endless hard drive based DVR’s, HD res recording and machines that capture seasons of any show whenever it records no matter how delayed. The problem is now growing exponentially bigger and the ORIGINAL issues are still not fully addressed.
Meanwhile, enter the internet, and dodgy pixilated VCR & DVR TV captures emerge, and are ignored. The cart rolls on. The pixels disappear, the resolution improves. It’s still meaningless as there is no bandwidth to transmit any resolution in any meaningfully fast time. And then there is. And the TV world exploded silently overnight. And nothing happened.
Fast forward (pun intended) to today. Media consumption is HD digital, wired, wireless, satellite, streamed, recorded, downloaded, live and on demand, whenever and wherever you care to watch, via more devices than there are delivery methods. 
The ever increasing content choice multiplied by the vast viewing options has driven one cataclysmic change; the viewer can’t watch ALL of what they want live, so they start watching L1 to L3 to catch up. More shows = L4, L5. Pattern / habits take hold, making live cease to matter at all. L7, no problem. Haven’t seen that, oh it’s good? L14, L21. Must watch that season now – L28, M6… M12… What does it matter when so long as I have avoided spoilers.  
18/49 are the ones than grew up through it all, so of course they use all these new components the most. Symphony can prove Nielsen are out by 25% in that demo, but in truth the gap is much higher – maybe 40% real, and higher on some very popular shows. And that is today, the gap grows every day as the (18/49) “new” technology Millennials get older.
How you can still 100% accurately replace Neilsen? Your show is a data source stored on a server. When it is accessed once, you count one, twice you count two… It’s perfect, it will be the only answer, and it’s just a matter of time. Right now only Netflix and Amazon have that luxury.
For Networks transitioning it’s a whole other advertiser driven story and nobody knows the shape or journey of that change. In the meantime it’s great to see people like Linda leading a charge to say it’s gotten as badly out of whack with reality as we’re prepared to take.
Reply





 Nicholas P. Schiavone says: 

			January 8, 2016 at 7:55 am 
“Those who don’t know history are doomed to repeat it.”
– Edmund Burke
Thank you.  The comment is powerful, practical and principled.  Well said!  Well done!!
Sounds like a voice of experience and wisdom.
One could listen listen and learn, if so inclined.
Thought not in complete alignment on the nature of the present and future, on this I agree
with Mike M & Linda Y: BETTER IS POSSIBLE … AND NECESSARY.
Onwards and upwards.
Nicholas P. Schiavone
Nicholas P. Schiavone, LLC
Reply







 Nicholas P. Schiavone says: 

			January 7, 2016 at 6:14 pm 
I applaud the comments of Linda Yaccarino on behalf of NBC Ad Sales.  
As NBC’s chief research officer during the 1990’s and the Proud Sixth “Man” on the NBC TV Network Ad Sales Force under Bob Blackmore and Larry Hoffner, the record will show that NBC Research and Ad Sales had a record of Loyal [& Constructive] Opposition to the sub par, status quo media research produced by Nielsen.  
But why has there been virtually total silence for past 15 years from NBC Research under GE and COMCAST.  Not only did NBC let the Congressionally-mandate CONTAM die (Or CONTAM executed in a “contract” hit!) but it has probably made closet deals (Faustian bargains) with key members of Nielsen Top Management that would not know the difference between a national area-probability sample and a “random thought.”  How do we explain that Nielsen today is being allowed by Network Clients – like NBCU – to fabricate through modeling 40% of Nielsen’s national viewing estimates.  Forty percent!  That’s not scientific statistical research.  That’s a fantasy ride worthy of a Universal Theme Park.  I am sure NBC Ad Sales wouldn’t accept fabricated revenue like Toshiba did in their recently reported accounting scandal.
There is meaningful, forceful resistance that leads to constructive change and there is noise and posturing that leads to nothing and worse.
Good luck, Linda!  Thank you for speaking to Variety so thoughtfully about an issue that impacts all stakeholders in the Marketing, Advertising and Media Industries.  And while you are waiting for Nielsen to see the light, do not forget to put your full and unqualified support behind George Ivie  and the Media Rating Council (MRC), so that it can do what Congress told it to do (set minimum research standards, thoroughly audit research companies through a major accounting firm and fully accredit all aspect of research used as currency in “the business” ) without fear of retribution from the greedy and ignorant players in your business.
Sincerely,
Nicholas P. Schiavone
Nicholas P. Schiavone, LLC
Reply





See All 5 Comments 










More  Digital News from Variety 























ad































































































































































































 




A Network Ad Wrangler Undaunted by Facebook and Google - The New York Times










































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Media|A Network Ad Wrangler Undaunted by Facebook and Google







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2qgpCgI








Advertisement








Supported by



Media

A Network Ad Wrangler Undaunted by Facebook and Google



Advertising 
By                     
 SAPNA MAHESHWARI
 
MAY 14, 2017




Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Linda Yaccarino, the head of advertising sales for NBCUniversal, at the company’s headquarters in New York on Thursday. The central question for ad sales? “It’s about the media mix,” she said.

Credit
            Tawni Bannister for The New York Times        



After completing her first year as the head of advertising sales for NBCUniversal, Linda Yaccarino went out to dinner with her husband to celebrate.She soon found herself crying into a bowl of shrimp scampi.The problem wasn’t the food. “My last name is Yaccarino — I friggin’ love shrimp scampi,” she said at an industry event last year.The tears were a rare reaction to what she called the hardest year of her career, when Ms. Yaccarino started dragging an ad sales operation for television programming as varied as “Sunday Night Football,” “Saturday Night Live” and Bravo reality shows into the digital future.Things haven’t gotten any easier in the television ad world, but five years later, Ms. Yaccarino, 54, is still at it. And far from weeping, she has become an outspoken leader in an industry that is contending with far-reaching changes in how people watch television while competing against a host of technology companies that have begun to vie for those same audiences by investing in original video content. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Ms. Yaccarino, who oversees $10 billion in annual ad revenue, has drawn particular attention for her vocal criticism of Nielsen ratings, which have long been the standard for how TV ads are bought and sold, and for her use of digital properties that NBCU has either invested in or forged partnerships with, like Snapchat, BuzzFeed and Apple News.“Linda has the ability to stay a step ahead, and I think she’s done that wherever she’s been,” said Julie Rieger, the executive vice president for media at 20th Century Fox, who has known Ms. Yaccarino for more than a decade. “She is in some ways the Wayne Gretzky of media. It’s not about where the puck is — it’s about where the puck is going.”As broadcast television audiences shrink and people spend more time on digital platforms, Ms. Yaccarino has reoriented herself to think of the competitive landscape as stretching beyond NBC’s rival networks to include online behemoths like Facebook and Google. During this week’s annual ritual known as upfronts, when networks trot out their biggest stars and announce new shows in an attempt to lure advertising dollars, Ms. Yaccarino will surely be promoting the fact that the NBCU universe includes more than 17 cable channels, 50 online destinations and partnerships that reach to all sorts of platforms and devices.
Photo






Ms. Yaccarino outside NBCUniversal’s headquarters on Thursday.

Credit
            Tawni Bannister for The New York Times        


During a recent interview in her sun-filled office, Ms. Yaccarino explained the ways that marketers might use NBCU’s properties and partnerships to reach, say, a young, busy mother.First, she wakes up and checks Apple News on her phone, Ms. Yaccarino said. Then she might turn on the “Today” show while making breakfast, catch up on E! on Snapchat at the school drop-off and check stock prices on CNBC or sports scores during the day. In the evening, she’ll tune in to a show like “This Is Us,” then end the evening watching Jimmy Fallon. Each presents a distinct marketing opportunity.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“It’s about the media mix,” she said.Ms. Yaccarino’s desk faces two flat-screen televisions mounted side by side, and her office is peppered with photographs of stars like the Kardashians, whom she adores in part because of E!’s success in marketing their reality show. She’s married with two children, but jokes that Jack Pearson, the character from “This Is Us,” will be her second husband once she figures out what to do with the first. And she professes excitement for the “pinch me” moments in her job, like holding business meetings with Mr. Fallon and talking with Megyn Kelly about her move from Fox to NBC.She has forged new relationships, inviting the sales chief of a rival network to speak at an NBCU innovation event this year and teaming up with AOL for automated advertising a couple of years ago — when the notion was viewed as “heresy in the TV world,” Ms. Yaccarino said.Ms. Yaccarino joined NBCU in 2011, shortly after Comcast took control. She had spent more than 15 years at Turner Entertainment, where she earned a reputation for selling creatively designed ad space, like commercials tied to specific TV scenes, and for being, as Ms. Rieger said, both tough and “charming as hell.” (Her negotiating skills earned her the nickname “the Velvet Hammer,” a media buyer once told The Wall Street Journal.)She first oversaw sales for NBCU’s cable channels and was quickly promoted to overseeing all of the network’s ad sales, a move that combined its broadcast, cable and digital properties for the first time.Previously, sales teams for divisions like NBC Sports, Bravo and USA functioned independently of one another. With the new structure, the idea was that if buyers wanted to be on “The Voice” or “Sunday Night Football,” they could also be sold on “Modern Family” reruns, Bravo shows and more, providing the network with more scale and efficiency.Wrangling a 1,000-plus person organization and 15 teams into doing that was the grueling part for Ms. Yaccarino. But it also forced her to grow comfortable with acting quickly in an industry where her competitors were changing by the day.“Her job is understanding the marketplace and how to combine the assets she has under NBCU, connecting the dots between all the channels and ensuring the parent company gets as much revenue as possible,” said Irwin Gotlieb, the chairman of GroupM, the media investing arm of the ad giant WPP. While that may occasionally make it harder for buyers, he said, “that’s what she does, and she does it well.”If that was Act 1 of Ms. Yaccarino’s time at NBCU, she’s now ready for Act 2.“The next frontier is: How do we really bring it all together in terms of linear and digital?” she said.


            TV and Digital Fall Preview        

            Networks navigate an arena where advertisers and audiences waver between digital streaming platforms and broadcast television.        




 



“Imagine if the advertising-supported ecosystem went away,” she said. “There would be no Hulu, no Netflix, no Amazon, because that’s what fuels all their content. They’d have to go to 100 percent original, and the cost for the consumer would be absolutely unaffordable. So I think everyone agrees that advertising-supported content needs to remain the main driver or the epicenter of the business. We just need to figure out a way to do it respectfully to consumer behavior today.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Ms. Yaccarino has found her ambitions at odds with Nielsen, which has faced criticism from executives over what they have called outdated measurement tactics. CNBC stopped relying on Nielsen ratings in 2015, saying they weren’t properly accounting for viewing outside the home. In the fall, Ms. Yaccarino said Nielsen’s new product for counting viewers across traditional TV and devices like Roku and smartphones was too flawed for release. Nielsen declined to comment for this article.In March, she announced that  NBCU would offer up to $1 billion in non-Nielsen ad inventory that relies on its own audience data, including set-top box information from Comcast.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




The frustrations have cast old rivalries in a new light. Joe Marchese, who was named the head of ad sales at Fox Networks Group last week, was invited by Ms. Yaccarino to speak at an internal NBCU event this year.“It was kind of like a Macy’s-Gimbels type of thing for her to invite a senior person from Fox to come up and talk about where the industry is headed,” Mr. Marchese said. But it reflects the challenges networks are facing as some viewers opt out of ads entirely through platforms like Netflix, while at the same time TV ratings numbers are being compared with online ad views on Google and Facebook.TV executives have seethed in the past two years over a frequently repeated remark from Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s chief operating officer, who said the social network has a Super Bowl on mobile every day in terms of the people it can reach. While the size of audiences on Facebook and YouTube are undeniable, there is fierce debate over the value of video views on such platforms, particularly when the ads take up only, say, half of the screen, or appear for a couple of seconds without sound.“From a consumer experience, we all know what it’s like to experience a Super Bowl as you have people over your home, family, friends, or you go somewhere and you’re watching this communal experience and you’re talking about the show and you’re yelling and screaming and holding your breath and talking about the commercials,” Ms. Yaccarino said. “That’s a Super Bowl.”She held up her phone and exaggeratedly swiped the screen without breaking eye contact. “Does this look like a Super Bowl?” She kept swiping. “This is not a Super Bowl.”NBC, it should be noted, will air the game next year.While much has been said about technology companies coming for TV advertising dollars, Ms. Yaccarino said the companies were “really coming for TV content.” She pointed to Twitter’s and Amazon’s deals with the N.F.L. and YouTube’s new ad-supported shows with stars like Ryan Seacrest and Ellen DeGeneres.“Really, you just can’t snap your fingers and invent that,” she said of premium content.And that is why she believes her focus on aligning with tech companies and reaching a large number of people on a variety of platforms will pay dividends.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“It’s about real audiences, real people who buy stuff, because they experienced your content all throughout the day,” she continued. “If we can do that, then we can really compete with the Google, Facebooks, Twitter, etc., etc., or whoever’s next of the world.”
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.




















Advertising
The companies, people and new technologies that are shaping the marketing and advertising business.









                                For Warner Bros., a ‘Cinematic Universe’ Built of Lego Bricks            
JUL 23








                                In Advertising Paradise, Reality Is Just a Conversation Away            
JUN 25








                                Toasting the Ad Industry and a Book Predicting Its Doom            
JUN 11








                                Ad Campaigns Tag Along as Men Embrace Different Paths            
JUN 4








                                Brands Expand Into New Niches With Care, but Not Without Risk            
MAY 28












What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Linda Yaccarino































Media + Technology


 Go to Media + Technology
				
Comcast is working to shape the future of media and technology. We strive to create the best content and constantly pursue innovation to delight our customers.



Technology
Parks and Resorts
TV
Film
Internet
Communications
Sports
Entertainment




Home Management
Business Services
News
Advertising
Comcast Ventures
Customer Experience






News + Info

 Go to News + Info
				




News Feed
Logo + Media Library
Customer Experience




Resources
Company Overview
Executive Biographies
Timeline
Public Policy
Awards & Recognitions
NBCUinversal Transaction
Press & Industry Analyst Contacts
Press Kit PDF




Connect With Comcast
Email Alerts
RSS Feed






Our Company

 Go to Our Company
				
Inspired by a rich heritage, Comcast NBCUniversal has the experience, creativity and leadership to shape the future of media and technology.



Leadership
Businesses
Comcast Cable
NBCUniversal
Comcast Spectacor
Comcast Ventures
50 Iconic Moments






Our Values

 Go to Our Values
				




Community Investment
Digital Literacy
Community Service
Youth Education & Leadership
Media That Matters
Philanthropy & Partnerships







Diversity & Inclusion
Governance
Our People
Supplier Diversity
Programming
Community Investment
Accessibility




Environment
Green Is Universal
Smarter Operations
Integrity
Compliance Program
Code of Conduct
Comcast Listens
Compliance Risk Management






Investors

 Go to Investors
				




Stock Performance
Key Facts
Stock Quotes
Historical Stock Price Lookup
Investment Calculator
Dividends & Stock Splits
Investor News
Events & Presentations




Shareholder Services
My Shareholder Account
Cost Basis Guide
FAQs
Financials
Earnings
Annual Reports
SEC Filings




Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Articles of Incorporation
By-Laws
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Director and Executive Officer Ownership
Related Party Transactions Policy






Careers

 Go to Careers
				
We reimagine industries, invent new technologies and are the creators of movies, TV shows, theme park rides and experiences that thrill and entertain millions of people every day.



Opportunities
Culture
Career Sites



















Bio
Linda Yaccarino, CHAIRMAN, ADVERTISING SALES AND CLIENT PARTNERSHIPS, NBCUNIVERSAL












Linda Yaccarino is Chairman, Advertising Sales and Client Partnerships, NBCUniversal. In this role, Yaccarino oversees all advertising sales and market strategy for the company’s entire television portfolio including two broadcast, 17 cable and more than 50 digital properties. She reports to Steve Burke, Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal.Yaccarino joined NBCUniversal in 2011 as President, Cable Entertainment and Digital Advertising Sales for NBCUniversal. In that capacity she was responsible for all cable entertainment and digital advertising sales for the company, including USA, Syfy, Bravo, E! Entertainment, Oxygen, Sprout, Chiller, Cloo, and their respective digital platforms, as well as Fandango.Prior to joining NBCUniversal, Yaccarino served as Executive Vice President and COO of Turner Entertainment Advertising Sales and Marketing and Acquisitions.  There, she was responsible for all advertising sales, sales marketing and program acquisitions for the company’s television networks TNT, TBS and truTV, as well as overseeing acquisitions for sister networks TCM, Cartoon Network and Adult Swim. During her tenure, Yaccarino continually grew Turner Entertainment’s business year-over-year and was a principal architect of the company’s "broadcast replacement" initiative, which elevated Turner Entertainment Networks to a premium position within the marketplace.  She was also instrumental in developing and enhancing "inContext," the industry’s first-ever contextual platform that helps feature the right ad, in the right place, at the right time.Among her many industry honors, Yaccarino was recognized in 2013 to The Hollywood Reporter’s Women in Entertainment Power 100, by Adweek in 2011 as one of the "Ten Most Powerful Women in TV" and by Business Week as a "CEO of Tomorrow."  Her community and professional affiliations include active involvement with WICT (Women in Cable & Telecommunications) and Penn State University, where she is on the Board at the School of Communications.  She resides in Sea Cliff, NY.






		Share 















































Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences.  





Home




Media + Technology
News + Info
Our Company
Our Values
Investors
Careers
Blog
Sitemap







CONNECT
COMCAST VOICES BLOG
SUBSCRIBE VIA EMAIL
SUBSCRIBE VIA RSS


CONTACT
CONTACT INFORMATION
FIND US ON GOOGLE+






Terms
				 |  
				Privacy
				 |  
				Comcast Home Page
				 |  
				XFINITY Deals
				 |  
				Business Services
				 |  
				Comcast Customer Service
				 |  
				Internet Service
				 |  
				TV Service
				 |  
				Parental Controls
				 |  
				XFINITY Home
© 2016 Comcast. This website also contains material copyrighted by third parties.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































Linda Yaccarino | NBCUniversal


























Skip to main content





Menu
Menu
Who We Are
Our History
Newsroom
Values
Careers
Businesses
Back To Menu
BROADCAST
NBC Entertainment
NBC News
NBC Olympics
NBC Sports
Telemundo
LOCAL MEDIA
Cozi TV
NBC Sports Regional Networks
NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations
TeleXitos
CABLE
Bravo Media
Chiller
CNBC
E! Entertainment
Golf Channel
MSNBC
NBC Sports Network (NBCSN)
Oxygen Media
Sprout
SYFY
The Weather Channel Company
UNIVERSO
USA Network
DIGITAL BUSINESSES
Craftsy
Fandango
GolfNow
Hulu
Seeso
SportsEngine
FILM
DreamWorks Animation
Focus Features
Universal Pictures
Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
Universal Pictures International
PARKS
Universal Orlando Resort
Universal Studios Hollywood
Universal Studios Japan
Universal Studios Singapore
TV STUDIOS PRODUCTION
Telemundo Studios
Universal Cable Productions
Universal Television

INTERNATIONAL
CNBC International
hayu
NBCUniversal International Television
Stay Up-To-Date

Twitter
Facebook


NBCUniversal
Search








NBCUniversal















                    Linda Yaccarino                  









 










Search form

Search 





 





X










Linda Yaccarino is Chairman, Advertising Sales and Client Partnerships, NBCUniversal. In this role, Yaccarino oversees all advertising sales and market strategy for the company’s entire television portfolio including two broadcast, 17 cable and more than 50 digital properties. She reports to Steve Burke, Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal.
Yaccarino joined NBCUniversal in 2011 as President, Cable Entertainment and Digital Advertising Sales for NBCUniversal. In that capacity she was responsible for all cable entertainment and digital advertising sales for the company, including USA, Syfy, Bravo, E! Entertainment, Oxygen, Sprout, Chiller, Cloo, and their respective digital platforms, as well as Fandango.
Prior to joining NBCUniversal, Yaccarino served as Executive Vice President and COO of Turner Entertainment Advertising Sales and Marketing and Acquisitions. There, she was responsible for all advertising sales, sales marketing and program acquisitions for the company’s television networks TNT, TBS and truTV, as well as overseeing acquisitions for sister networks TCM, Cartoon Network and Adult Swim. During her tenure, Yaccarino continually grew Turner Entertainment’s business year-over-year and was a principal architect of the company’s “broadcast replacement” initiative, which elevated Turner Entertainment Networks to a premium position within the marketplace.  She was also instrumental in developing and enhancing “inContext,” the industry’s first-ever contextual platform that helps feature the right ad, in the right place, at the right time.
Among her many industry honors, Yaccarino was recognized in 2014 to Variety’s “Power of Women of New York” and The Hollywood Reporter’s “Women in Entertainment: Power 100,”
in 2013 to The Hollywood Reporter’s “Women in Entertainment Power 100,” by Adweek in 2011 as one of the “Ten Most Powerful Women in TV” and by Business Week as a “CEO of Tomorrow.” Her community and professional affiliations include active involvement with WICT (Women in Cable & Telecommunications) and Penn State University, where she is on the Board at the School of Communications. She resides in Sea Cliff, NY.
Featured Image: Profile Image: Title: Chairman, Advertising Sales and Client Partnerships Business: NBCUniversalExecutive Leader: First Name: LindaLast Name: Yaccarino 

 





























Linda Yaccarino   | Variety












































 




























































































Variety



Continue to Variety () 
SKIP AD































  



















Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 















HomeDataExecutive Profiles 







Linda Yaccarino
Chairman, Ad Sales & Partnerships: NBCUniversal 

Update Info







											Click here to view Linda Yaccarino's full profile including phone, email, credits and more.										




Want to see projects Linda Yaccarino is developing? Visit Variety Insight .




										Latest Headlines: Linda Yaccarino									








NBCU Notches Volume Gains In TV’s Upfront Market


									By Brian Steinberg

NBCUniversal notched volume gains of between 8% and 9% in TV’s “upfront” market, the latest signal that marketers have continued to pour ad dollars back into the medium as they face challenges with a…







Networks, Ad Buyers Jostle to Try to Spark TV’s Upfront Market


									By Brian Steinberg

TV networks and advertisers have begun early-stage negotiations as part of the industry's annual "upfront" ad-sales market, according to six people familiar with the pace of discussions. No one is…







After Decades of Crafting Fake Ads, ‘Saturday Night Live’ Plans Real Spots for Verizon, Apple


									By Brian Steinberg

Anyone who watches "Saturday Night Live" on NBC knows the late-night program's antics stop when the show goes to a commercial break. In at least one coming “SNL” broadcast, that won’t be the case…







NBCU Hopes to Sell $1 Billion in Targeted Ad Inventory


									By Brian Steinberg

NBCUniversal intends to offer advertisers new chances to use the company’s data products and large portfolio of media assets to tackle specific marketing missions, like opening a blockbuster movie or…







NBCUniversal Says Nielsen Total Audience Measures Not Ready for Primetime


									By Brian Steinberg

TV’s efforts to revolutionize the way its audiences are measured in an increasingly digital world may be about to hit a snag, thanks to an argument over the quality of a new yardstick. In a letter…







NBCU Ad Sales Shuffles Senior Duties for Dan Lovinger, Mike Rosen, Mark Marshall, Mark Miller, Laura Molen


									By Brian Steinberg

NBCUniversal’s ad sales department is shaking up its senior ranks after the executive responsible for selling the company’s critically important sports properties decided to step back from that role…







Why TV Can’t Close The Upfront: GroupM Resists Big Rate Hikes


									By Brian Steinberg

TV can’t seem to wrap its annual “upfront,” when it vies to get hold of billions of dollars in advertising. In mid-June, NBCUniversal Chief Executive Steve Burke told a group of investors that the…







NBCU Plays Up Ad Strategy Rather Than Emphasizing Shows In Upfront Pitch


									By Brian Steinberg

NBCUniversal spent two hours Monday morning pitching Madison Avenue, rather than fans of “Mr. Robot” and dozens of other programs, during a subdued upfront presentation. To be sure, the company…







NBCU’s Upfront Will Test New Ways to Speak to Madison Avenue


									By Brian Steinberg

The Peacock is gearing up to honk a different tune during TV’s annual week of glitzy “upfront” presentations. NBC’s annual showcase has, over the last few years, become pretty predictable. You can…







With Fewer Ads, What Will ‘Saturday Night Live’ Look Like Next Fall?


									By Brian Steinberg

Come this autumn, "Saturday Night Live" could showcase some of its most eyebrow-raising material in years. Cast members and recurring characters come and go on NBC's venerable late-night mainstay…







NBCU Joins Parade of TV Companies Expanding Beyond Nielsen Ad Guarantees


									By Brian Steinberg

Add NBCUniversal to the growing list of media companies hoping to woo advertisers to TV by offering measures other than the usual ones backed by Nielsen. The Comcast-owned media giant said that it…

1234 



















Related NBCUniversal Profiles

Ed Festa


VP, Product & Strategy, Seeso
NBCUniversal


Joel Englestein


Director, Business Affairs, Digital Enterprises/Seeso
NBCUniversal


Karene Tropen


Director, Content & Brand Marketing, Digital Enterprises/Seeso
NBCUniversal







Related NBCUniversal Profiles

Annamaria Sofillas


Senior Coordinator, Programming, Seeso
NBCUniversal


Justin Purnell


Director, Content Strategy & Operations, Digital Enterprises/Seeso
NBCUniversal


Dan Kerstetter


Co-Head, Programming, Seeso
NBCUniversal


Patricia Parra Hadden


SVP/Head, Marketing, Digital Enterprises/Seeso
NBCUniversal


Kelsey Balance


Head, Programming, Seeso
NBCUniversal



















ad





















































































































































































 












Linda Yaccarino, Comcast Corporation President, Advertising Sales - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Linda Yaccarino
President, Advertising Sales, Comcast Corporation

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Linda Yaccarino at Comcast Corporation. Linda Yaccarino works as President, Advertising Sales , acting in a Executive Management role .  Comcast Corporation is a leader in Broadcasting, Cable, Film & Video .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


Comcast (CMCSA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

..... Brian mentioned Telemundo, but we also had strength at MSNBC, cable strength sports. And our approach to ad sales, starting five years ago, we put all of the ad sales under Linda Yaccarino, and Linda and her team sell the entire portfolio together, which since we're the biggest provider of television advertising, we tend to go first. We've gone first the last few years in the upfront. .....

People In This Article:
Jason S. Armstrong
,                                            Linda Yaccarino
,                                            Michael J. Cavanagh
 

06/27/2017:


The Power NBCU’s “Symphony” w/ Apple News, Buzzfeed, Snapchat & Vox, Linda Yaccarino explains

..... Therein lies a paradox of sorts, given NBCU’s public bashing of some of the new generation of content providers. So it’s noteworthy to hear the company’s sales chief, Linda Yaccarino, discuss issues like brand safety, premium video and “shiny new toys” in this interview conducted by OMD’s investment chief Ben Winkler at the FreeWheel/Beet.TV New TV Ecosystem Leadership Forum, which took place at the Comcast beach cabana.
Winkler set the stage by asking Yaccarino to square her comments about advertisers over-allocating spending to digital platforms with a wave of negative comments about brand safety on some of those platforms. .....

People In This Article:
Linda Yaccarino
 






Learn more about Linda Yaccarino  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Linda Yaccarino and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



















Q&A with Linda Yaccarino, President, Advertising Sales, NBCUniversal






































Hi there!
To view this video please download the most recent version of flash.
Get flash here














Oct 9, 2013
Q&A with Linda Yaccarino, President, Advertising Sales, NBCUniversal








By Joshua Palau, Senior Director, Digital Media — Corporate Communications in Advertising


In addition to our See It partnership, NBCUniversal is also launching a new advertising partnership with Twitter.  This partnership will allow NBCUniversal’s advertising clients to expand their TV and digital sponsorships to Twitter.  We spoke with Linda Yaccarino, President, Advertising Sales, NBCUniversal, to get more details.
JP: Let's start with today's partnership announcement.  Can you give us some more details?
LY: I’m excited about our news because this advertising partnership with Twitter will extend the reach of our clients’ campaigns, amplify our TV360 initiatives and further promote our TV tune-ins. NBCUniversal’s programming, talent and events drive so many of the most popular conversations in social media and now our advertising partners will benefit from reaching an even larger audience through Twitter.
JP: What’s unique about NBCUniversal and Twitter’s amplified partnership?
LY: NBCUniversal’s scale is unmatched in the marketplace. With two broadcast networks – Spanish and English language – 17 cable networks and more than 50 digital properties, we help advertisers reach more audiences. 
With our content driving so many social media conversations, our sales team is in a unique position to leverage our broad array of programming assets on behalf of our clients. With leading sports programming, including the Olympics and NHL, hugely popular shows like "The Voice," "The Blacklist," "Suits" and a variety of news programming, including MSNBC, CNBC and "Meet the Press" this partnership represents a unique opportunity for all of our client partners.
JP: Where does the See It partnership come into play for NBCUniversal?  What’s the value for show fans or advertisers?
LY: See It is a really unique aspect to this partnership. It not only gives millions of Xfinity TV customers on Twitter instant and easy access to NBCUniversal’s massive portfolio, but it also extends the reach of our partners’ advertising campaigns and sponsorships to Xfinity and Twitter audiences to make them more unique.
We can drive tune-ins for programming and also monetize the social conversations around our content. Literally, we’re turning your phone into a remote control and giving advertisers the ability to be in more places and in front of more eyeballs.
JP: How are NBCU Networks currently using social with their advertisers?
LY: The NBC Sports Group is the first to participate in our new advertising partnership and they are tweeting Premier League video highlights which are sponsored by General Electric. 
Additionally, USA Network is putting this partnership to full use as it rolls out its second screen campaign for Modern Family. Starting on October 18, with its on-air TGIMF (Thank Goodness its Modern Family) marathon, the network will add Twitter to its USA Sync syndication platform, which extends its digital content to the mobile apps fans use as they watch TV. This expanded functionality combined with the new NBCUniversal advertising partnership enables USA to reach new audiences in real-time and give brands more innovative ways to reach consumers. 
E! News and EOnline also regularly integrate Twitter and real-time conversations into their breaking news content. E! has used Twitter around key pop culture events such as award shows and series premieres to offer real-time co-viewing experiences and enable reader sentiment to be shared and amplified across all platforms – from social, to Web, mobile or TV. 
Those are only some of the ways we’re connecting those social audiences with our content and advertising partners.
Tags :
					
						NBCUniversal, 	
					
						See It, 	
					
						Social Media, 	
					
						Twitter
























       
    




		Share
		




		Print
		













Related Posts






					Introducing See It: A Conversation with Sam Schwartz, Chief Business Development Officer, Comcast Cable
				








					Comcast Corporation, NBCUniversal and Twitter Form Social TV Strategic Partnership
				








					How Does See It Work?
				








Related Links
				



See It





Categories
Tags
Authors



TV [368]


Community Investment [228]


Internet [148]


Public Policy [103]


Technology [88]


Diversity [79]


Sports [67]


Customer Experience [61]


Corporate News [59]


Entertainment [58]


Comcast Ventures [44]


Business Services [40]


Our People [35]


Events [33]


Communications [28]


Film [24]


News [23]


Home [22]


Open Internet [18]


Entrepreneurship [11]


Advertising [11]


Theme Parks [9]

View all categories >




					XFINITY TV [285]
				



					XFINITY On Demand [172]
				



					XFINITY Internet [108]
				



					XFINITY TV Online [83]
				



					Internet Essentials [65]
				



					FCC [60]
				



					X1 [55]
				



					X1 Platform [50]
				



					Comcast Cares Day [49]
				



					digital divide [40]
				



					Comcast [38]
				



					TWC Transaction [38]
				



					Customer Experience [37]
				



					XFINITY WiFi [37]
				



					Community Investment [34]
				



					NBCUniversal [32]
				



					XFINITY TV App [30]
				



					Comcast Ventures [28]
				



					TV Everywhere [26]
				



					TWC [25]
				



					XFINITY Home [25]
				



					Accessibility [24]
				



					Internet Security [24]
				



					Diversity [24]
				



					Time Warner Cable [23]
				



					XFINITY TV Player App [21]
				



					Network [21]
				



					IPv6 [21]
				



					XFINITY Voice [18]
				



					City Year [18]
				

View all tags >



J T. Ramsay [266]


Scott McNulty [120]


David L. Cohen [117]


Charisse Lillie [38]


Matt Strauss [27]


Joe Waz [25]


Jason Livingood [22]


Peter Nush [21]


Cathy Avgiris [19]


Jay Opperman [19]


Sena Fitzmaurice [18]


Todd Gold [17]


Comcast Corporation [17]


Charlie Herrin [16]


Andy Hunter [16]


Jean-Claire Fitschen [16]


Tony Werner [15]


Marcien Jenckes [14]


Tom Wlodkowski [14]


Gene Morris [14]


Matt Lederer [14]


Daniel Herscovici [14]


Rose Farrales [13]


John Brzozowski [13]


Sam Schwartz [12]


Fred Maahs [10]


Steve Meyer [10]


Tom Karinshak [10]


Diana Kerekes [10]


William Crowder [10]

View all authors >




Follow Us









Subscriptions

Subscribe to this blog via RSS
Subscribe to this blog via Email

































