   Stuart Yarbrough | CrossHill Financial Group Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Stuart J. Yarbrough CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:44 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Crosshill Georgetown Capital, L.P



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Stuart J. Yarbrough CPAGeneral Partner, Crosshill Georgetown Capital, L.PAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships66--
Background

		Mr. Stuart J. Yarbrough, CPA serves as a General Partner of Crosshill Georgetown Capital, L.P and CrossHill Debt II, L.P. Mr. Yarbrough served as the Chief Executive Officer of 3Point Capital Partners, LLC since February 2007 and served as its Managing Partner. Mr. Yarbrough co-founded CrossHill Financial Group, Inc. in 1994 and served as its Managing Director since April 1994 and it's Principal from April 1994 to February 2007. He has 22 years of experience with venture ... capital, investment banking and public accounting. Mr. Yarbrough experience includes advising clients in the negotiation of mergers and acquisitions, including due diligence, loan restructuring and refinancing and capital raising options and strategies and strategic planning. From 1985 to 1994, he served as Managing Partner of the Washington DC office of BDO Seidman. He started his career in public accounting with Ernst & Young. Mr. Yarbrough founded Adams & Yarbrough, an accounting and consulting firm that specialized in providing services to the banking and thrift industries. He served as Chairman of Incumaker, Inc. since September 2, 2005 and has been its Director since September 2, 2005. Mr. Yarbrough is the Director of Opus Global Holdings. He serves as a Director of Fundtech Ltd. Mr. Yarbrough has been a Director of Fundtech Holdings, LLC since May 16, 2007 and has been its Lead Independent Director since October 4, 2008. He has been the Chairman and a Director at Scientigo Inc. (Formerly Market Central Inc) since September 6, 2005. He has been a Director of BAE Systems IT, Inc. since March 2003. Mr. Yarbrough serves as a Director at DigtialNet Holdings Inc., SBR, Inc., and IQNavigator, Inc. He serves as a Member of Board of Advisors at CrossHill Financial Group, Inc. Mr. Yarbrough served as a Director of Solera Holdings Inc. from May 16, 2007 to March 3, 2016 and as its Lead Independent Director from October 4, 2008 to March 4, 2016. He served as a Director of Riggs National Corporation since January 27, 2005 and served as a Director of Riggs Bank NA since December 2004. Mr. Yarbrough served as a Director of DigitalNet Holdings Inc., since March 2003. He has been a Director of Incumaker, Inc. since September 02, 2005. He is a Member of the Economic Club of Washington and a member of Leadership Washington. Mr. Yarbrough was named to the Atlantic Coast Conference Honor Roll for outstanding academic and athletic achievement. He has 35 years of experience with venture capital, investment banking and public accounting. Mr. Yarbrough is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.A. degree in Management Science and Accounting from Duke University in 1972.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
201 North Union StreetAlexandria, Virginia 22314United StatesPhone: 703-717-6420Fax: 703-518-6122
Board Members Memberships
DirectorFundtech Ltd.DirectorIQNavigator, Inc.DirectorOpus Global HoldingsDirectorFundtech Holdings, LLC2003-PresentDirectorBAE Systems IT, Inc.2005-PresentDirectorIncumaker, Inc.
Education
BA 1972Duke University
Other Affiliations
Fundtech Ltd.CrossHill Financial Group, Inc.IQNavigator, Inc.Riggs National CorporationIncumaker, Inc.Duke UniversityDigitalnet Holdings Inc.BAE Systems IT, Inc.Solera Holdings Inc.3Point Capital Partners, LLCOpus Global HoldingsFundtech Holdings, LLCCrossHill Debt II, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Crosshill Georgetown Capital, L.P, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























3Point Capital Partners, LLC










Overview 
Investment Philosophy 
Professionals
Contact Us 
Home






 






 
Stuart J. Yarbrough

Samuel B. Ross II

John A. Staley, IV

Jerry L. Weinstein 

Joseph L. Calihan 

John A. Brunett 

Charlene “Charlie” W. Crooks 

William E. Hamb 

Bryan J. Katchur 


 
 


 
Our Partners 
Stuart J. Yarbrough – Managing Partner
  Stuart J. Yarbrough has thirty years experience with venture capital, investment banking and public accounting.  Prior to becoming the managing partner of 3Point, Mr. Yarbrough served as a principal of CrossHill Financial Group, a venture capital firm which he co-founded.  He began his career with Ernst & Young and after five years, he founded Adams & Yarbrough, an accounting and consulting firm that specialized in providing services to the banking and thrift industries.  In 1985, BDO Seidman acquired Adams & Yarbrough and brought Mr. Yarbrough on board as its Managing Partner in the D.C. Office and elected him to its U.S. Board of Directors.  Mr. Yarbrough recently served on the Board of Directors of DigitalNet Holdings, Inc. prior to its acquisition by BAE Systems North America, Inc. Mr. Yarbrough recently served on the Board of Directors of Riggs National Corporation and Riggs Bank, N.A. prior to its acquisition by PNC Financial Services Group, and on the Board of Directors of SBR, Inc., a leading manufacturer of various building products, prior to its acquisition by Fortune Brands, Inc. Mr. Yarbrough is a CPA and previously an NASD registered principal.  Mr. Yarbrough holds a BA in Management Sciences – Accounting, from Duke University where he was named to the Atlantic Coast Conference Honor Roll for outstanding academic and athletic achievement.
 

 


 
 
 








Stuart J Yarbrough - Knotts Island, NC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stuart J Yarbrough in Knotts Island, NC


Stuart J Yarbrough

                                                                           Intelius found that Stuart J Yarbrough  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Knotts Island, NC.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Stuart Johnson Yarbrough


Get Report Now

Age

Stuart J Yarbrough is in his 60s

Stuart Has Lived In

Knotts Island, NC
Alexandria, VA
Washington, DC

Stuart's Relatives

Mary Yarbrough
Victor Yarbrough
Sandra Yarbrough
Emily Weinstein







Stuart J Yarbrough



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director at Solera Holdings , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stuart? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stuart, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stuart J Yarbrough
Get a Criminal Check on Stuart J Yarbrough
Get a Public Record Report on Stuart J Yarbrough
Get a People Search Report on Stuart J Yarbrough


Stuart J Yarbrough's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stuart J Yarbrough has lived as well as Stuart J Yarbrough's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stuart J Yarbrough Has Lived in 6 States
North Carolina Address for Stuart J Yarbrough


1256 K***** I* 

Knotts Island, NC


Has Lived In

Knotts Island, NC
Alexandria, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stuart J Yarbrough

(252) ***-**** - Knotts Island, NC 
(908) ***-**** - Summit, NJ 
(570) ***-**** - Cresco, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stuart J Yarbrough

y********s@***.com


Get Email Report




Stuart J Yarbrough's Professional Information
Information regarding Stuart J Yarbrough's professional history.  Find out previous places Stuart J Yarbrough has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stuart J Yarbrough Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Solera Holdings , Inc.
               Title: Director
Company: Scientigo , Inc.
               Title: Chairman
Stuart J Yarbrough's Experience
Title: Director
               Company: Solera Holdings , Inc.
Job Details
               Solera is a leading provider of risk and asset management software and services to the automotive and property marketplace, including the global P&C insurance industry. Solera is active in over 75 countries across six continents. The Solera companies include: Audatex in the United States, Canada and in more than 45 additional countries; HPI, CarweB and CAP Automotive in the United Kingdom; Informex in Belgium and Greece; Sidexa in France; ABZ and Market Scan in the Netherlands; Hollander serving the North American recycling market; AUTOonline, providing salvage disposition in a number of European and Latin American countries; IMS, providing medical review services; Explore, providing data and analytics to United States property and casualty insurers; Service Repair Solutions, providing solutions for the service, maintenance and repair market; and I&S, a provider of software and business management tools, third-party claims administration, first notice of loss and network management services to the U.S. auto and property repair industries, specializing in glass claims.
Title: Chairman
               Company: Scientigo , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Stuart J Yarbrough

 See Stuart J Yarbrough's LinkedIn Profile



Stuart J Yarbrough's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stuart J Yarbrough


Stuart J Yarbrough's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stuart J Yarbrough's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stuart Yarbrough
Username Matches

                  StuartYarbrough
                  YarbroughStuart
                  Stuart.Yarbrough
                  Yarbrough.Stuart
                  Stuart_Yarbrough
                  Yarbrough_Stuart
                  Stuart-Yarbrough
                  Yarbrough-Stuart
                  SYarbrough
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Yarbrough







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Stuart J. Yarbrough, Principal - CrossHill Financial, CrossHill Financial Group Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Stuart Yarbrough 





 


Stuart Yarbrough

 

Principal - CrossHill Financial - CrossHill Financial Group Inc.

 


Stuart Yarbrough Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
CrossHill Financial Group Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.crosshill.com 

 

Company Address : 
201 N Union St.Ste. 300, Alexandria, VA,United States, 


 


Stuart Yarbrough Profile :
Principal - CrossHill Financial - CrossHill Financial Group Inc. 

 


Stuart Yarbrough Biography :


Stuart J. Yarbrough syarbrough@crosshill.com (973) 218-2690 Mr. Yarbrough has over thirty years of experience working with middle market companies and financial institutions. His experience includes advising clients in the negotiation of mergers and acquisitions, including due diligence, loan restructuring and refinancing, capital raising options and strategies, and strategic planning. Prior to founding CrossHill, he served on the Board of Directors and as the Managing Partner of both the Washington, D.C. and Richmond offices of BDO Seidman, an international accounting and management consulting firm. Mr. Yarbrough serves as a board member of DigitalNet Holdings, Inc. and SBR, Inc. Mr. Yarbrough is a graduate of Duke University where he was named to the Atlantic Coast Conference Honor Roll for outstanding academic and athletic achievement. He is a member of the Economic Club of Washington and a member of Leadership Washington. 

 


Stuart Yarbrough Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Stephen Graham 
Principal - Crosshill Financial 
Please login 


Norman Augustine 
Advisor 
Please login 


Coach Krzyzewski 
Advisor 
Please login 


John McDonnell 
Advisor 
Please login 


Samuel Ross 
Advisor 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.












Stuart J. Yarbrough - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Stuart J. Yarbrough
Former Lead Independent Director at Solera Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Stuart J. Yarbrough? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stuart J. Yarbrough's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stuart J. Yarbrough's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stuart J. Yarbrough's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stuart J. Yarbrough through your network of contacts.
												








Stuart J. Yarbrough's Executive Work History


Past
To view Stuart J. Yarbrough's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Duke University


Age
65

 
 


Stuart J. Yarbrough's Biography



Stuart J. Yarbrough, age 64, has been a member of our Board since the completion of our initial public offering on May 16, 2007. Mr. Yarbrough was elected as our Lead Independent Director on October 4, 2008. Mr. Yarbrough's professional experience includes over twenty-four years in public accounting, primarily with Ernst & Young and BDO Seidman, LLP. Since June 2008, Mr. Yarbrough has been a private investor. From February 2007 through its final distributions during June 2008, Mr. Yarbrough served as the chief executive officer of 3Point Capital Partners, a private equity firm. From 1994 through February 2007, Mr. Yarbrough was a principal at ...
(Read More)

			Stuart J. Yarbrough, age 64, has been a member of our Board since the completion of our initial public offering on May 16, 2007. Mr. Yarbrough was elected as our Lead Independent Director on October 4, 2008. Mr. Yarbrough's professional experience includes over twenty-four years in public accounting, primarily with Ernst & Young and BDO Seidman, LLP. Since June 2008, Mr. Yarbrough has been a private investor. From February 2007 through its final distributions during June 2008, Mr. Yarbrough served as the chief executive officer of 3Point Capital Partners, a private equity firm. From 1994 through February 2007, Mr. Yarbrough was a principal at CrossHill Financial Group Inc., a company he co-founded, which provided investment banking services and venture debt financing to growth companies. Mr. Yarbrough previously served on the board of directors of DigitalNet Holdings, Inc., as well as several other public companies. Mr. Yarbrough has a B.A. in management sciences from Duke University. 

Mr. Yarbrough brings to the Board extensive practical and management experience in public accounting and corporate finance, as well as leadership expertise through his directorship roles in public companies, including service on audit and other board of directors committees.
		
Source: Solera Holdings Inc. on 10/28/2015
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stuart J. Yarbrough's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Stuart J. Yarbrough. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stuart J. Yarbrough's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stuart J. Yarbrough's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stuart J. Yarbrough through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Stuart J. Yarbrough


















Stuart J. Yarbrough's Connections (41)





Sign up now to view Stuart J. Yarbrough's 41 connections »









Alan G. Merten
Former Board Member, First Potomac Realty Trust









Thomas A. Dattilo
Lead Independent Director, Harris Corporation









Garen K. Staglin
Chairman of the Board, Exlservice Holdings, Inc.









Anthony P. Terracciano
Former Board Member, SLM Corporation









Kurt J. Lauk
Former Board Member, Magna International Inc.









Thomas C. Wajnert
Former Chairman of the Board, Reynolds American Inc.









Steven B. Pfeiffer
Board Member, Iridium Communications Inc.









John J. Giamatteo
Former Chief Operating Officer, AVG Technologies N.V.









Michael E. Lehman
Board Member, MGIC Investment Corporation









Jerrell W. Shelton
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Cryoport, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























 




Stuart Yarbrough J - SUMMIT,NJ | stuart j yarbrough | 3+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for stuart j yarbrough









Results from PublicRecords360. Showing top 1 of 1 results.






Premium Public Records for Stuart J Yarbrough found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. People Finder Results may contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Stuart J Yarbrough and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
WASHINGTON, DCStuart J Yarbrough
5 Address(s) Found Washington,DCAlexandria,VAMidlothian,VAKnotts Island,NCCresco,PA
10 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 66yrs.  
Mary YarbroughVictor YarbroughSandra YarbroughEmily WeinsteinCatherine Yarbrough
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>

Results from Intelius. Showing top 1 of 1 results.






Premium Public Records for Stuart J Yarbrough found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Stuart J Yarbrough found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Stuart J Yarbrough and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Stuart J YarbroughSUMMIT, NJ
Summit,NJKnotts Island,NCCresco,PACharlotte,NCHilton Head Island,SC
125 **** 190 **** 157 **** 170 **** 170 ****  **** 170 **** 120 **** 120 **** 180 **** 
Age: 66yrs.
Mary YarbroughVictor YarbroughSandra YarbroughEmily WeinsteinCatherine Yarbrough
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from US Search. Showing top 1 of 1 results.






Premium Public Records for name Stuart J Yarbrough found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Stuart J Yarbrough and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Stuart J YarbroughWASHINGTON, DC
7 Address(s) Found Washington, DCAlexandria, VAMidlothian, VAKnotts Island, NCCresco, PACharlotte, NCHilton Head Island, SC
Stuart Johnson Yarbrough
Age: 66yrs.  
Mary YarbroughVictor YarbroughSandra YarbroughEmily WeinsteinCatherine Yarbrough
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for stuart j yarbrough. 






Public comments related to name Stuart J Yarbrough are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Stuart J Yarbrough





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Stuart J Yarbrough - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-21-2017 07-20-2017 07-19-2017 07-18-2017 07-17-2017 07-16-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Stuart Yarbrough J - SUMMIT,NJ | stuart j yarbrough | 3+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for stuart j yarbrough are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for stuart j yarbrough are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.


















YARBROUGH STUART J SC 13D Filing Concerning ENIP on 2016-11-02  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active


















Schedule  13D















Filed by:


					YARBROUGH STUART J
				


Total Shares:

                          146,700
			


Subject Company:


					Endeavor IP Inc
                  -
                  View Complete Ownership History

          Backtest
        



Filed as of Date:
11/17/2016


Event Date:
11/02/2016


Overall % Ownership:
13.2


Reporting Persons



Name
SoleVoting Power
SharedVoting Power
SoleDispositive Power
SharedDispositive Power
AggregateAmount Owned
Percentof class


Stuart J Yarbrough
146,700
0
146,700
0
146,700
13.2%





					View Original Filing on Edgar's
				


Raw Filing Contents
0001144204-16-135214.txt : 20161117
0001144204-16-135214.hdr.sgml : 20161117
20161117171111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135214
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC 13D
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161117

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENDEAVOR IP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001511261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				452563323
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-86643
		FILM NUMBER:		162005681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 BROADWAY, 46TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-560-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 BROADWAY, 46TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Finishing Touches Home Goods Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110127

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YARBROUGH STUART J
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001260886

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 BELLE HAVEN ROAD
		CITY:			ALEXANDRIA
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22307


SC 13D
1
v453415_sc13d.htm
SC 13D






 
Securities
        and Exchange Commission
Washington,
        D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE
        13D
(Rule 13d-101)
 


information
        to be included in statements filed pursuant to 
§240.13d-1(a)
        and amendments thereto filed pursuant to §240.13d -2(a)
 
UNDER
        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
  
 


ENDEAVOR
        IP, INC.

(Name of Issuer)

 


Common Stock,
        par value $0.0001 per share

(Title of Class of  Securities)

 


29260D105

(CUSIP Number)


Stuart J. Yarbrough
        33 Badeau Avenue
Summit, New Jersey,
        07901
Tel, No.: (202) 253-9300
 


 

(Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)

 


November
        2, 2016

(Date of Event Which Requires Filing of this Statement)

 
 
 

If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of §240.13d-1(e), 240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box. 
 
 ¨


Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a
        signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See §240.13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are
        to be sent.
 
* The remainder of this cover
        page shall be filled out for a reporting person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities,
        and for any subsequent amendment containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.
 
The information required on the remainder of this cover page
        shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Act”)
        or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however,
        see the Notes).
 

 
 
 
 

 

 
CUSIP No.: 29260D105SCHEDULE 13DPage 2 of 5 




1.

names of reporting persons
 
Stuart J. Yarbrough

2.

check the appropriate
        box if a member of a group (see instructions)
 
(a)       ¨
 
(b)       x
 

3.

sec use only
 
 

4.

source of funds (See
        Instructions)
 
PF.

5.

check if disclosure of
        legal proceedings is required pursuant to items 2(d) or 2(e)
 
¨

6.

citizenship or place
        of organization
 
United States

NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON WITH
7.

sole voting power
 
146,700

8.

shared voting power
 
0

9.

sole dispositive power
 
146,700
 

10.

shared dispositive power
 
0

11.

aggregate amount beneficially
        owned by each reporting person
 
146,700
 

12.

check if the aggregate
        amount in row (11) excludes certain shares (See Instructions)
 
¨

13.

percent of class represented
        by amount in row (11)
 
13.2%

14.

type of reporting person
        (See Instructions)
 
IN

 
 
 
 


 
CUSIP No.: 29260D105SCHEDULE 13DPage 3 of 5 



Item 1.Security and Issuer.

 
This statement on Schedule 13D ("Schedule
13D") filed by Stuart J. Yarbrough (the "Reporting Person") relates to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par
value $0.0001 ("Preferred Stock"), of Endeavor IP, Inc. (the "Issuer"). The principal executive office of the
Issuer is located at 8201 Old Courthouse Road, Suite 202, Vienna, Virginia 22182.
 

Item 2.Identity and Background.

 
(a) This statement on Schedule 13D is being
filed with respect to the shares of the Issuer's Preferred Stock held by Stuart Yarbrough.
 
(b) The address of the Reporting Person is 33 Badeau Avenue,
Summit, New Jersey, 07901.
 
(c) The Reporting Person is self-employed
and serves the Board of Directors of several private companies.
 
(d) During the last five years, the Reporting
Person has not been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors).
 
(e) The Reporting Person has not, during
the last five years, been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction where, as
a result of such proceeding, it was or he became subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or
prohibiting or mandating activities subject to, federal or state securities laws or finding any violation with respect to such
laws.
 

Item 3.Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration

 
The Reporting Person acquired his 146,700
shares of Preferred Stock in a private placement on November 2, 2016 when Endeavor IP, Inc. entered into an Exclusive License Agreement
with Compelling Competitive Advantage, LLC ("CCA") in which he has been a member since its inception in September 2013.
No cash was required for this issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in exchange for the intellectual property of CCA.
 

Item 4.Purpose of Transaction.

 
The Reporting Person intends to hold the
shares of Preferred Stock for investment purposes. The Reporting Person currently has no plans or proposals, though he retains
the right, to subsequently devise or implement plans or proposals, which relate to or would result in: (a) the acquisition by any
person of additional securities of the Issuer, or the disposition of securities of the Issuer; (b) an extraordinary corporate transaction,
such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries; (c) a sale or transfer of a material
amount of assets of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries; (d) any change in the present board of directors or management of the
Issuer, including any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the board;
(e) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of the Issuer; (1) any other material change in the Issuer's
business or corporate structure; (g) changes in the Issuer's charter, bylaws or instruments corresponding thereto or other actions
which may impede the acquisition of control of the Issuer by any person; (h) causing a class of securities of the Issuer to be
delisted from a national securities exchange or to cease to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system of a
registered national securities association; (i) a class of equity securities of the Issuer becoming eligible for termination of
registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"); or (j) any action
similar to any of those enumerated above.
 

 
CUSIP No.: 29260D105SCHEDULE 13DPage 4 of 5 


 

Item 5.Interest in Securities of the Issuer.

 

(a)       The
Reporting Persons may be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 13.2% of the shares of common stock, par value $.0001 ("Common
Stock"), of the Issuer based on 2,341,204,979 shares of Common Stock outstanding as disclosed in the Issuer’s most recent
Form 10-Q filed September 19, 2016 and assuming voting with the holders of Common Stock on an as converted post recapitalization
basis. The Reporting Person has sole voting power of 146,700 shares of Preferred Stock.
 
(b)        The
Reporting Person has the sole power to vote and the sole power to dispose of each of the 146,700 shares of Preferred Stock which
he may be deemed to beneficially own.
 
(c)       The
Reporting Person has not purchased or received any shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock since November 2, 2016.
 
(d)       Not applicable.
 
(e)       Not applicable.
 

Item 6.Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships
with Respect to Securities of the Issuer.

 
Not applicable.
 

Item 7.Material to be Filed as Exhibits.

 
Not applicable.
 

 
CUSIP No.: 29260D105SCHEDULE 13DPage 5 of 5 

 
SIGNATURE
 
After reasonable inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and
belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.
 

 



Date: November 17, 2016
STUART YARBROUGH
 

 
 
 

 
/s/ Stuart J. Yarbrough
 

 
Stuart J. Yarbrough
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 










Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















Meet the Opus Leadership Team | Opus



































 

















Opus



Request a Demo

















			Meet the Opus Leadership Team		


 

Our Mission

The world is getting riskier. External risks to your business are getting more powerful, increasingly complex, and harder to identify.
You need the next level of compliance and risk-management solutions to stay ahead of sophisticated threats and complex regulations.
By combining our innovative SaaS platforms with unrivaled data solutions, Opus accelerates your ability to identify and mitigate customer, vendor, and third-party risks that other systems miss. And we automate and streamline processes, so you can respond quickly and efficiently.
By reducing the time and labor required for comprehensive risk management, Opus enables faster, more confident decisions — so your business can thrive.
Opus. Free Your Business.




Executive Team







 


											Emanuele “Manny” Conti										

											CEO & Director										








 


											Mike Angle										

											Chief Technology Officer										








 


											Janet Coddington										

											Chief Financial Officer										








 


											Mark DeLuca										

											Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales										








 


											Lee Kirschbaum										

											Senior Vice President, Product, Marketing, and Alliances										








 


											Julio Quinteros										

											Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development										








 


											Ajit Tharaken										

											Senior Vice President, Operations										








 


											Doug Udoff										

											Senior Vice President, Customer Success										








 


											Rich Wilkie										

											Senior Vice President, Engineering										








 


											Sandeep Bhide										

											Vice President, 3PM Product Strategy										








 


											Kelvin Dickenson										

											Vice President, Compliance and Entity Data										








 


											Ben Gould										

											Managing Director, EMEA and APAC										









Board of Directors







 

Doug Bergeron

											Founder & Executive Chairman										








 

Aaron D. Cohen

											 Managing Director, GTCR										








 

Emanuele “Manny” Conti

											CEO & Director										








 

Collin E. Roche

											Managing Director, GTCR										








 

Stuart J. Yarbrough

											Director										









Join Our Team

One of the fastest growing risk and compliance companies in the world. The most recognized companies as customers. The world's pre-eminent private equity company behind us. And really smart, fun, resourceful people as colleagues... Opus is a great place to work.


View Job Openings











Ben Gould
Managing Director, EMEA and APAC



 







Ben leads all commercial and strategic activity for Opus across EMEA and APAC from their European headquarters in London.
Having started his career in business development, Ben has spoken extensively to senior compliance, data and technology executives across a wide-range of organisations and industries. This deep understanding of the challenges they face in effectively addressing their regulatory obligations, allows Ben to support Opus clients in achieving their aspirations, specifically related to Compliance, Reference Data and Third Party Management.
Ben is a veteran of the data and technology business, and has held prior positions with Datamonitor, ICC and Equifax.












Kelvin Dickenson
Vice President, Compliance and Entity Data



 










Kelvin is responsible for leading a Customer focused product roadmap to ensure KYC/AML and vendor/third party due diligence compliance with a range of regulatory requirements. Prior to joining Opus in 2014, Kelvin was at Dun & Bradstreet for 9 years. most recently as Managing Director of Compliance Solutions and previously as principal consultant for several of D&B’s strategic Customers, leading engagements in Compliance, reference data, credit review and risk management.
Before joining D&B, Kelvin spent a combined 20 years in Compliance, Credit, Loss Prevention and Managerial roles at two major financial institutions where his responsibilities included developing CIP policies, procedures, data sources and technology solutions to meet the requirements of the USA Patriot Act. Kelvin is a member of the charter class of Certified Financial Crime Specialists and is a current member of the advisory board at the Association of Certified Financial Crimes Specialists.











Sandeep Bhide
Vice President, 3PM Product Strategy



 







Sandeep has spent more than two decades in the software industry building traditional and cloud-based enterprise software solutions, bringing them to market, and supporting them over multiple release cycles.
Prior to Hiperos, Sandeep spent over eight years at Vistaar Technologies during two tenures. Most recently, he ran the technology services group of Vistaar’s healthcare subsidiary. His responsibilities included the development, pre-sales support and delivery of an enterprise-class patient-flow and throughput-management solution for some of the largest healthcare providers. Previously, Sandeep was the head of technical services at Heartbeat Software, where he engineered the turnaround of performance and service levels of a 65-person engineering and support team, orchestrating the transition of the development center from Bangkok, Thailand to Pune, India.
Sandeep holds a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering from Pune University and an MBA in finance from Rutgers University.











Rich Wilkie
Senior Vice President, Engineering



 







Rich has over twenty years of experience delivering traditional and cloud-based products and services. He is currently responsible for Opus’s development and operations efforts across all product lines.
Prior to joining Opus, Rich held executive IT management roles at several Fortune 500 companies including Hewlett-Packard, Nortel Networks, Apollo Education Group, and ECI Telecom. In these roles, he was responsible for building and supporting numerous enterprise, carrier and consumer products to the financial services, telecom, education, and medical instruments industries.
Rich holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts and resides in Pittsburgh, PA.











Doug Udoff
Senior Vice President, Customer Success



 







Doug has spent his entire 25-plus year career in the software industry – helping customers maximize the value they receive in their technology investments. Doug is responsible for all aspects of customer success, including implementation, customer support and long-term customer success. He was Senior Vice President of Customer Success at Hiperos prior to the Opus acquisition.
Prior to joining Hiperos in 2009, Doug was vice president of services at Misys, a UK-based software company. While at Misys, Doug oversaw a team of 550 consultants that produced $125 million in annual revenue. Prior to Misys, Doug spent more than 10 years at Oracle during two tenures. He was group vice president responsible for the North American consulting supply organization, and he played an integral part in integrating PeopleSoft’s consulting business with Oracle’s. In between his tenures, Doug joined Ariba to start the Eastern Region services team. Doug eventually became vice president of North American services, overseeing an important profit center for the company.
Doug holds a bachelor of arts degree in computer and informational sciences from the University of Delaware.











Ajit Tharaken
Senior Vice President, Operations



 


Ajit is responsible for the day-to-day operations of Opus products sold and delivered in Europe and Asia.
Prior to the Opus acquisition, Ajit led the teams that develop Alacra’s innovative professional products portfolio and supervised all client engagements. In this role, he oversaw the design, creation and development of Alacra’s professional products with a large emphasis on customer relations.
Prior to joining Alacra in 1999, Ajit was the Director of Technology at a fund of funds where he created an internet based hedge fund application now owned by Morningstar.
He has a Master’s Degree in Computer Science from Columbia University in the City of New York.











Lee Kirschbaum
Senior Vice President, Product, Marketing, and Alliances



 







Lee is responsible for leading Opus product strategy and management, alliances and global marketing including branding, corporate communications, customer programs and events. Before joining Opus, Lee was President of the Compliance Division at Kroll, a leading global provider of investigations, compliance, due diligence, cyber security, and e-discovery solutions. Prior to holding this role, Lee served as senior vice president of operations where he was responsible for Kroll’s business operations, shared services, marketing, strategy, and business development. He joined the company in January 2011, initially serving as a vice president and head of strategy for Altegrity.
Prior to joining Kroll, Lee served for eight years at Dun & Bradstreet in a number of senior leadership roles. Earlier in his career, he helped start the internal corporate strategy group at Qwest Communications and was a consultant in strategy practice at Cap Gemini Ernst & Young. Lee graduated with honors from the University of Chicago and earned his master’s of business administration degree from Columbia Business School, where he graduated with Beta Gamma Sigma honors.











Mark DeLuca
Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales



 







Mark has spent over two decades in the enterprise software market. At Opus, Mark is responsible for driving revenue growth and building a world-class sales organization. Mark was Senior Vice President of Sales at Hiperos prior to the company’s Opus acquisition.
Prior to Hiperos, Mark built and ran the Eastern Region sales team at Aravo, a supplier information management software company. At Aravo, Mark’s team increased the company-wide subscription revenue by over 75%. Prior to Aravo, Mark was a senior manager in Accenture’s business process outsourcing sales organization. Before joining Accenture, Mark spent seven years at Ariba, where he was consistently one of the top-producing account executives. Prior to Ariba, Mark was at PeopleSoft. Mark’s sales career started at ADP where, during his 12-year tenure, he made President’s Club every quota-carrying year.
Mark holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration and English from Rutgers University.











Mike Angle
Chief Technology Officer



 







Mike was Co-founder, President and Chief Operating Officer of Alacra before the company’s Opus acquisition. Prior to Alacra, Mike was Vice President of Technology at Technimetrics, Inc., a $20 million financial information company. His responsibilities included managing all aspects of technical development and operations.
Previously, Mike spent three years as a Product Development Manager for EJV Partners, where his responsibilities included product definition, technical implementation and support of Communications and Real-Time Products.
He holds a BS in Computer Science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He resides in Warwick, NY.











Janet Coddington
Chief Financial Officer



 







Janet is an established corporate finance executive with extensive hands-on experience building, strengthening, and leading the corporate finance function for private companies in various start-up and high growth situations. She was CFO of Hiperos prior to the company’s Opus acquisition. She is focused on helping Opus enhance operations, expand its high-profile customer base, and maximize profits.
Prior to joining Hiperos, Janet was the CFO of SANpulse Technologies, a leading organization delivering advanced SAN optimization products and services. During her employment, she reduced the expense burn by 50% and maintained effective relationships with the key stakeholders. Before SANpulse, Janet spent a decade at Lumeta Corporation, where she held the positions of Chief Financial Officer and VP of Finance. During her tenure at Lumeta, she played a key role in evaluating mergers and acquisitions, raised millions of dollars in venture capital, and developed compensation and benefits packages to attract best-in-breed talent. Prior to Lumeta, Janet was employed at Telelogic North America as the Vice President of Finance, and as Controller at Quality Systems & Software, Inc.
Janet holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Management, Finance from East Stroudsburg University. She also is a member of the Institute of Management Accountants (IMA), New Jersey Technical Council (NJTC) and Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM).











Stuart J. Yarbrough
Director



 


Stuart J. Yarbrough has a unique background that is a combination of thirty five years experience with venture capital, investment banking and public accounting. Prior to its final distributions, he served as the CEO of 3Point Capital Partners, a private equity firm, which focused on the building products and outdoor lifestyle sectors. Previously, he was a principal at CrossHill Financial Group, a venture debt firm he co-founded which provided senior secured debt financings to growth companies. Prior to establishing the debt funds, Mr. Yarbrough’s responsibilities included representing growth companies in investment banking transactions, closing ‘merger and sell’ transactions with total value in excess of $1.5 B and placing capital in excess of $1B.
Prior to co-founding CrossHill Financial Group in 1994, Mr. Yarbrough spent the previous twenty-two years in public accounting. He began his career with Ernst & Young and after five years, he founded Adams & Yarbrough, an accounting and consulting firm that specialized in providing services to the banking and thrift industries. In 1985, BDO Seidman acquired Adams & Yarbrough. BDO Seidman, a leading international accounting and consulting firm, brought Mr. Yarbrough on board as its Managing Partner in the DC Office and elected him to its U.S. Board of Directors.
In addition to serving on the Board of Directors of Opus, Mr. Yarbrough currently serves on the Board of Directors and as Chairman of the Audit Committee of Assured Partners, Inc., a national property and casualty and employee benefits brokerage firm, and Optimal Blue, LLC, a provider of the mortgage industry’s digital marketplace connecting lenders, investors and providers.
Mr. Yarbrough is a CPA and previously held Professional Securities Licenses as a General Securities Principal (Series 24), General Securities Representative (Series 7), and Uniform Securities Agent State Law (Series 63). Mr. Yarbrough attended Duke University on a basketball scholarship. He graduated in 1972 with a BA in Management Sciences – Accounting. He was named to the Atlantic Coast Conference Honor Roll for achieving outstanding academic and athletic achievement.











Aaron D. Cohen
 Managing Director, GTCR



 


Aaron joined GTCR in 2003 and is currently a managing director of the firm. He previously worked at Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and in the Mergers & Acquisitions group of Salomon Smith Barney. He holds a BS in accountancy with High Honors from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
Aaron currently is a director of Callcredit Information Group, Ironshore, and Opus. In addition, Aaron was previously a director of past successful investments AssuredPartners, Fundtech, Premium Credit Limited and Protection 1 and played an instrumental role in GTCR’s investments in Prestige Brands.
Aaron is active in the community and serves on the board of Chicago Youth Programs. Chicago Youth Programs improves the life opportunities and health of at-risk children by offering tutoring, healthcare, recreational activities and career placement services that promote whole-child development.











Collin E. Roche
Managing Director, GTCR



 


Collin joined GTCR in 1996 and is currently a managing director of the firm. Previously, Collin was an associate at EVEREN Securities in Chicago and an analyst with Goldman, Sachs & Company in New York. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in political economy from Williams College.
Collin is co-head of the Financial Services & Technology group at GTCR. Currently, he is a director of Aligned Asset Managers/The Townsend Group, Callcredit Information Group, ConvergEx, and Opus. Collin was previously a director of GTCR investments including Cambridge Protection, Fundtech, HSM Electronic Services, National Processing Company, Premium Credit Limited, PrivateBancorp, Protection 1, Skylight Financial, Syniverse, Transaction Network Services, TransFirst and VeriFone.
Outside of work, Collin stays involved in the community as a member of the board of directors of the Lyric Opera of Chicago and with various charitable institutions. In addition, Collin is active in supporting the educational missions of Harvard Business School and Williams College.











Steven Goldstein
Vice Chairman



 











Steve Goldstein is the Vice Chairman of Opus, the rapidly growing regulatory technology company where he is responsible for product and marketing strategy. Prior to his role at Opus, Steve was the co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Alacra, Inc., which was acquired by Opus in September 2015. Steve has been working in financial technology for over 30 years. He served on the New York Federal Reserve’s Small Business Advisory Council from 2009-2012 and also served on the Private Sector Advisory Group for the global legal entity identification (LEI) initiative. He has been a speaker, panelist and moderator at numerous industry conferences covering business information, regulatory technology, reference data and compliance. Steve has a bachelor’s degree in Marketing from SUNY Albany and an MBA in Finance from the Johnson Graduate School of Business at Cornell University.












Julio Quinteros
Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development



 










Julio is responsible for strategy and business development. He is a 17-year Wall Street equity research veteran and spent the last 15-years at global investment bank Goldman, Sachs & Co.
As a senior equity analyst, he led the IT Services research effort at Goldman Sachs where his coverage included a diverse set of enterprise facing companies including consulting, outsourcing, and offshore models. In financial technologies, Julio focused on point-of-sale technologies, acquirers, prepaid, payroll, information services, and other payment processors.
During his tenure at Goldman, Julio ranked as the top stock Internet and Computer Services stock picker in the 2006 Wall Street Journal Annual Analyst Ranking survey and placed among the top stock pickers in his sector in 2009 and 2012.
Prior to Goldman, he worked at Credit Suisse as a member of the Electronic Banking and IT Services team. He also worked at Electronic Data Systems as part of the Financial Industry Group in a market analysis and strategic planning capacity.
Julio holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Relations from the University of Southern California.











Emanuele “Manny” Conti
CEO & Director



 







Manny is the Chief Executive Officer and Director of Opus, which currently includes the Alacra and Hiperos product lines. He brings more than 25 years of leadership experience at companies across a diverse range of industries. He has extensive experience in the risk management and data analytics industry with a proven track record of building growth-oriented businesses around the world.
He most recently was the CEO of Kroll Inc., a leading global provider of risk management solutions which included investigations, compliance, cyber security, eDiscovery and data management. Prior to Kroll, Manny was a senior executive with Dun & Bradstreet including roles as President of North America and International. Before Dun & Bradstreet, he led the Corporate Strategy team for Qwest Communications. He also held leadership positions at Viant, an e-commerce consulting firm, and Ernst & Young LLP, where he was a founding member of the firm’s strategy practice. Earlier in his career, he held various positions with General Motors.
Mr. Conti earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance at Bowling Green State University and an MBA at the University of Chicago.











Doug Bergeron
Founder & Executive Chairman



 







Doug Bergeron is the founder and Executive Chairman of Opus. He is a 23-year financial technology industry veteran. In 2001, he led the acquisition of VeriFone from Hewlett-Packard in a transaction valued at $50M. In 2002, GTCR partnered with Doug and embarked upon a strategy to aggressively grow VeriFone into a multi-national company that would have an enterprise value exceeding $4 billion by 2013.
From 2002 through 2012, VeriFone’s revenue grew from $297 million to nearly $1.9 billion as a result of an aggressively executed international expansion strategy and a number of key acquisitions. In 2005, VeriFone IPO’d and became listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “PAY”. Today, VeriFone is active in over 100 countries worldwide and employs nearly 5,000 people.
From 1990 through 1999, Doug served in a number of executive management positions at SunGard Data Systems, including Managing Director of SunGard Capital Markets N.A., President of SunGard Futures Systems, and Group CEO of SunGard Brokerage Systems Group.
Doug holds an Honours Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from York University in Toronto and a Masters of Science in Systems Management from the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. In 2013, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws (LLD) from York University.
Doug is a permanent member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a five-time delegate to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and has been a frequent guest on CNBC and Fox Business. He is married to Sandra and is the father of five children.















To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. For more information about our use of cookies, please read our privacy policy.Close




Login to an Opus Solution

		  Select the Opus solution you want to log into.	  
















Request a Demo



First Name*Last Name*Email*

Company*I'm interested in...**I'm interested in...*Alacra Compliance EnterpriseAlacra Compliance ProfessionalAlacra SurveillanceConcordance/Reference DataHiperos 3PM SolutionsHiperos NetworkCommentsCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.





