    Daniel Yarosh | Applied Genetics Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN Trademark of Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc.. Serial Number: 77191498 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Paper Goods and Printed Material
THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN










 
Get FREE email alerts













THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN  Trademark Information
 Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc.
books, magazines, newspapers, articles, columns, motion pictures, films, audio programs, radio programs, television programs, video programs, electronic publications, internet postings, websites, blogs related to skin care, cosmetics, dermatology, plastic surgery




Perfect for these industries

Paper Goods and Printed Material





Words that describe this mark
books      magazines      newspapers      articles      columns      motion   pictures      films      audio   programs      radio   programs      television   programs      video   programs    
                                    




This is a brand page for the THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark by Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc. 
                                in Merrick, , 11566.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc. of the THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark.
                           






On Monday, May 28, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN by 
                        Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc., Merrick 11566.
                        The USPTO has given the THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN 
                        trademark serial  number of  77191498.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN is 
                        
                        
                                            DANIEL B. YAROSH of 
                                            DANIEL B. YAROSH, INC.,  2915 SHORE DR, MERRICK, NY 11566-5224 
                                .
                            The THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Paper Goods and Printed Material
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN 
                            is books, magazines, newspapers, articles, columns, motion pictures, films, audio programs, radio programs, television programs, video programs, electronic publications, internet postings, websites, blogs related to skin care, cosmetics, dermatology, plastic surgery. 
                            





Word mark:
 THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

4/9/2008






  Serial Number:  
77191498


  Filing Date:  
5/28/2007


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
books, magazines, newspapers, articles, columns, motion pictures, films, audio programs, radio programs, television programs, video programs, electronic publications, internet postings, websites, blogs related to skin care, cosmetics, dermatology, plastic surgery


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Daniel B. Yarosh, Inc.Merrick 11566
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DANIEL B. YAROSH
DANIEL B. YAROSH, INC.
2915 SHORE DR
MERRICK, NY 11566-5224






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (016) - Paper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter; bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes); printers' type; printing blocks.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/9/2008
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DANIEL B. YAROSH


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search thenewscienceofperfe on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT ... 




THE NEW SCIENCE OF PERFECT SKIN is providing books, magazines, newspapers, articles, columns, motion pictures, films, audio programs, radio programs, television programs, video programs, electronic publications, internet postings, websites, blogs related to skin care, cosmetics, dermatology, plastic surgery.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















Blogs and Essays by Dan Yarosh  HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh  High Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?Women can have an obsessive interest in high heel shoes that far exceeds the interest of men in any of their shoes.  A recent exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum of Art highlighted the craft of high heel shoes over the last several decades.  Why does this shoe style provoke such an attraction for women and attention of men?  Neuroscience and the vagaries of the brain offer an explanation.  God Is Not Finished With Me YetWe presume that evolution has crafted organisms perfectly suited to their environment, but in humans we have at least one glaring exception.  Women die in childbirth at alarming rates higher than any other animal, and in prehistory it was much, much worse.  Seemingly simple adaptations could avoid the slaughter.  The reason we haven't made use of them may surprise you.  FABULUST: The Natural History of DesireThe desire for FABULUST - fashion, beauty, luxury and style - is a universal but misunderstood human drive.  It is rooted in human evolutionary biology and is the purpose behind billions of dollars worth of luxury goods and services on the market today.  These are the decorations of The Human Brand.  Here is a brief review of why we like them, how we get them, who we show them to, and why businesses that focus on FABULUST will never fall from favor.  The Evolutionary Biology of Rock and RollRock 'n roll music lyrics are mostly about love, and of course love and mating are at the core of evolutionary biology.  It should not be surprising, therefore, that many of the classic rock songs illuminate key points of human evolutionary biology and strategies for reproductive success.  The Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll:Part I considers the question "Why is a 17-year old girl way beyond compare?"Part II examines the display, deception and self-deception of Rock Swagger.Part III asks "What does love feel like?", and indeed why should it feel like anything?  The Human Brand - Evolution, Neuromarketing and CosmeticsBeauty is big business - it is culturally universal, but at the same time its only for women, and only certain types of products.  To understand this business you need to understand The Human Brand - a hard-wired drive for beauty, built into our brains.  Take a look into the connection between evolution, the brain and beauty at The Human Brand.  Blogs and EssaysWhat will you find that amazes you?  Why is Luxury Valuable?We all like luxury items, but do we know why it makes us feel good?  Is it so we can display our status symbols? Does the brand matter?  Who is thinking about luxury and who doesn't care?  What will we give up for luxury?  Here is my survey of more than 1600 Americans concerning what they think about status, luxury and showing-off. Find the answers at Why is Luxury Valuable?      Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on MobileHome  ​ConsultantCosmetics & Beauty, Dermatology, Biotech, and PharmaBoard MemberBoard of Directors, Aceto Corp. (NASDAQ: ACET) - PharmaEstée Lauder CompaniesRetired SVP Basic Science Research and Chief Technology AdvisorAGI Dermatics Founder of NY biotech in DNA repair, dermatology and cosmeticsI advise companieson the next big thing in skin care science.  My experience in the market - from cosmetics to drugs - from making raw materials to selling luxury consumer goods - gives me a broad view of the development and marketing of new technology and product claims.  (for more see About Dan Yarosh)Experience:Skin Care: Biotech and Pharma CompaniesCosmetics Ingredients, Products and Marketing Caims: High Tech & Luxury Patents: Writing and Claims AnalysisCorporate Board: Compensation and Audit & Risk Committees Skills:Skin Care Science and Technology: DNA Repair, Skin Pigmentation & Lightening, Microbiome, Neuroscience of Beauty, Cosmetic Ingredients, Scientific Support of Marketing ClaimsResearch Management: Maximize Reward v Risk in R&D SpendingCorporate Governance (especially Compensation Policy)Engagement Tasks:Board of DirectorsTechnology Scouting and ReviewDue Diligence in M&APatent Review and AnalysisExpert Testimony in Litigation and Arbitration​​In this website you will find my writings on topics of interest to me, from evolutionary biology to the neuroscience of beauty.  You can receive my papers of interest to you by writing to me. (for more see About Dan Yarosh)    HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh  Writing 2016[Request a reprint on the Contact Page]D. Yarosh.  The Neuroscience of Beauty and Personal Attractiveness.  A Review in PDF 2016.​D. Yarosh.  The Neuroscience of Skin Aging.  Textbook of Aging Skin, 2nd Edition (Eds. M.A. Farage, K.W. Miller, H.I. Maibach). Springer 2016.D. Yarosh.  DNA Damage and Repair in Skin Aging.  Textbook of Aging Skin, 2nd Edition (Eds. M.A. Farage, K.W. Miller, H.I. Maibach). Springer 2016.Nevena Karaman-Jurukovska and Daniel B. Yarosh. The Role of DNA Repair in Photoprotection.  Principles and Practices of Photoprotection (Eds. S.Q. Wang and H.W. Lim).  Springer Verlag 2016.    UPDATE 2017: Daniel Yarosh is excited to be part of the launch of Celularity, Inc., a start-up, spin-out, one-of-a-kind, human placental stem cell company.  Keep an eye out for our latest advances in human stem cell transformation of skin and hair.   The New Science of Perfect SkinDANIEL B. YAROSH, PhD​Find it at Amazon and other online boooksellersVisit my author's pageamazon.com/author/danyarosh​From a GoodRead's review: "This is a well written book that will help you understand how and why your skin care purchases matter.  Moreover, you will learn how to protect your skin.  Readers of any age will find information of value to their health.  During a recent visit to a Plastic Surgeon's office to ask a few questions...you guessed it, this book was on the physician's shelf."      Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on MobileContact Dan Yarosh  HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh    Name: *Email: *Check here to receive email updatesSubject: *Message: * Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.   Dan Yaroshdyarosh@danyarosh.comFORRequesting publicationsDiscussing advising and consulting servicesSharing ideasSuggesting topics for essays and blogs  How you can reach me    Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on MobileAbout Dan Yarosh  ​In 1985, Dr. Yarosh founded the biotechnologycompany AGI Dermatics, with an emphasis on the commercial application of DNA repair. He is the inventor of Dimericine (T4N5 liposome lotion), which is a liposomal DNA repair enzyme for the prevention of skin cancer.  AGI Dermatics also supplied ingredients to many major worldwide cosmetic and personal care companies.  In 2006 the company launched its own Remergent® brand of skincare products, including sunscreens and prescription drugs.  In 2008, AGI Dermatics was acquired by the Estee Lauder Co.  Dr. Yar​​osh is the author of more than 100 scientific papers and two dozen patents.  He is a member of the American Academy of Dermatology, and has been an active participant in the global scientific and New York biotechnology communities.  In 2004, the International Union of Photobiology presented Dr. Yarosh with the Finsen Award, which is granted every four years at the International Congress for Photobiology for breakthrough research in the photobiology sciences.  In 2008 he was honored by the American Cancer Society, Nassau County, for his professional service.His book The New Science of Perfect Skin, about skincare technology in the cosmetic marketplace, was published by Random House in May 2008.​His most recent writings can be found on the pages of this site.  My advice to students: “Study the subjects you are most interested in because your job of the future has probably not been invented yet.”    HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh  Daniel B. Yarosh, PhD​is a technology advisor and expert on the convergence of science and business in skincare and dermatology. His attention is now focused on the emerging sciences in skin care, such as DNA repair and the microbiome, and neuromarketing and evolutionary biology of beauty. He advises companies on applications of biotechnology and scouts for the latest technology that can impact the beauty and skincare industries. Dr. Yarosh serves on the Board of Directors, Aceto Corp. (Nasdaq: ACET) a NY pharma company, including the Audit & Risk as well as the Compensation Committee.He retired from Estee Lauder Co. in 2016 after serving as Chief Technology Advisor.  From 2008 to 2014 he was Senior Vice President, Basic Science Research, Estee Lauder Co. and was responsible for their worldwide basic research. He supervised labs focused on biology, biochemistry, botanicals, physics, optics, imaging, skin physiology and clinical testing in 5 global sites. Basic science research includes internal projects, collaborations with vendors and support of university research through its extramural research program.  This provided the fuel for the continuous stream of innovative prestige beauty products for which the Estee Lauder brands (including Estee Lauder, Clinique, MAC, Origins and Crème de La Mer) are renowned. During his tenure, Estee Lauder launched hero iconic brand products that exceeded projections, overall sales grew ahead of competition, and the EL stock price tripled.​​Dr. Yarosh received his BA degree in Biology from Macalester College, St. Paul, Minnesota, in 1976, and his Doctorate in Molecular Biology from the University of Arizona College of Medicine in 1978. He served as a National Science Foundation Fellow at Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton, New York, and then a Staff Fellow and Cancer Expert at the National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland.     Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on MobileThe Human Brand  HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh    The Human BrandEvolution, Neuromarketing and CosmeticsCopyright Daniel B. Yarosh, Ph.D. 2014.  All Rights Reserved.I want to introduce to you the Oldest Brand: The Human Brand.It's something you probably have not thought a lot about, but on reflection you will realize that each person'sappearance and style are her Brand. That personal brand conveys a lot of information to another person, who uses it to judge status and sex appeal.For women especially, the Brand is about beauty, which is big business.  The worldwide beauty business valued at $265 billion by 2017 growing at an annual rate of 3.4%. But the beauty business has some peculiarities: it's consumers are women all around the world, but not men. Most beauty products are for the eyes, lips and evening skin tone, but not for the nose or ears.  Why is that?The answers illustrate the hard-wired nature of the Human Brand.One common explanation for women's obsession with beauty is that the social and fashion media call her attention, and that women would not ordinarily purchase makeup and cosmetics except for this social pressure. The theory goes that women are taught from birth by social media, the women's magazines, icons of glamour and even their own mothers, that buying cosmetics is a woman's duty and requirement for a happy life.We have, in fact, within our social memory, a test of this hypothesis.  The case study is the country of Bulgaria. Bulgaria became a communist country after World War II in 1945.  The autocratic regime imposed a centrally planned economy. Government planners, who were almost all men, made decisions concerning the availability of consumer goods, including cosmetics.  The choice of beauty products for most categories was limited to 2, supplied by the 2 main cosmetic companies.  They were of terrible quality. Black and grey markets in smuggled or diverted goods were heavily penalized.From 1945-1990, the communist controlled media told the people that their basic needs were provided for.  They were told that a woman's concern with personal beauty and fashion was a remnant of her bourgeois consciousness that must be expunged. This "vanity of cosmetics" message pervaded government publicity and especially the social media controlled by the government.  At the same time women were encouraged by the same social media to join the workforce and study traditionally male trades.  By 1989 it was the only politically correct lesson that most women had heard in their lifetimes.​Then, in 1990, the Bulgarian government collapsed, along with the rest of Communism. Immediately, the demand for cosmetics and perfumes exploded, significantly exceeding the growth of income of the people.  Between 1997 and 2002, the growth in sales of these cosmetics exceeded the growth in household appliances, radios, TVs and clothing.  The number of perfumeries alone increased 65%.If the social media theory was correct, it is hard to explain why 45 years of Bulgarian social media could not dissuade the use of cosmetics among a generation of Bulgarian women.  A similar pattern appeared in China.  Following the liberalization of social laws in the 1990s, China experienced an explosion of aesthetic plastic surgery, despite absence of any widespread media campaign.What the histories of Bulgaria and China teach us is that social media can follow and shape, but cannot create, fundamental human social drives.  Despite a generation of dominant media messaging that cosmetics were undesirable, Bulgarian and Chinese women immediately returned to the pursuit of beauty. The other explanation for the drive for beauty is rooted in evolutionary biology.This theory says that cosmetics are evolutionarily adaptive for women; that is, they contribute to solving a biological problem for a woman that improves her potential for reproductive success. The theory says beauty is therefore hard-wired in her genes.  The beauty drive also arose very early in human evolution, and spread with women as humans conquered the globe, which is why it is universal.What does "reproductive success" mean?  Humanity as a species has developed a survival and reproductive strategy. Our intelligence and omnivorous eating habits allow us to survive and multiply in nearly every ecology in the world.  From about 10,000 people at our low point in human history there are now more than 7 billion of us worldwide - that is what I call success.Each sex, male and female, also has a strategy for reproductive success - meaning producing the proportionately most number of children and grandchildren in the succeeding generations.  That strategy includes advertising to potential mates, and competing members of the same sex, that you are valuable.  We can call the display of these traits "attractiveness" or "sex appeal ".It is quite remarkable that people of all cultures universally agree on what is attractive. A meta-analysis covering 919 studies and over 15,000 observers found that people agree, both within cultures and across cultures, about who is attractive and who is not.  Men and women agree, and people of all ages agree, on who is attractive.  This strongly suggests that judgments of physical attractiveness are hard-wired in human genes. It is simply not possible that these preferences are taught to people by culture. Six-month old infants gaze longer at faces that adults judge as attractive and spend less time looking at faces that were judged as not attractive. This cannot be explained by the social media theory of beauty.People have different potentials for reproductive success. This is just the natural variation in a population. They display this variation in their body shapes and facial appearances.  We call the variants with favorable features attractive.  During human history, we have evolved brain functions to detect and value attractiveness, because these are signals of the most important feature to evolution, reproductive fitness. Those who can detect attractiveness for partnering will be at an evolutionary competitive advantage for leaving his or her genes to the next generation.Remember, our brains can sometimes prefer the signals of fitness, not the actual fitness. An example of this may be hair on the top of the head.  Ancient people noticed that this hair is attractive as a sign of fitness and those with more hair had advantages in life. After many generations, people tended to grow more hair on their head than anywhere else on their bodies.  It probably doesn't contribute much biological function, but it is globally a preferred signal and hair product brands do very well.So what are the features that make a person attractive?The sex hormones, testosterone in men and estrogen in women, largely drive the body and facial features people look for.  The onset of puberty ramps up hormone levels and reshapes the male and female bodies.  Men increase their shoulder to waist ratios, their beards grow and their jaw lines become more pronounced.  For women, breasts develop, the hips to waist ratios increase, and their jaw lines and facial features become softer.Women are so attuned to facial features of men that simply by looking at their photographs they can correctly rank order a group of men based on the testosterone level in their saliva.  Interestingly, while a woman tends to prefer a man with high testosterone for an affair, she prefers a little less testosterone for a long-term mate, and her parents tend to prefer even a little less testosterone. Exaggerating the masculinity of men's pictures can actually make them less attractive.But people cannot get enough of the effects of estrogen.  In a series of studies by David Parrett, panels of men and women were shown women's faces that were morphed to exaggerate feminized features. 95% of men and women decided that feminization of women's faces made them more attractive.  The same result was found for faces of European, African and Asian descent.  Another of Parrett's studies looked at women with varying estrogen levels during their menstrual cycle.  Women with higher estrogen levels had higher ratings of femininity, attractiveness and health. Interestingly, when the women put on make-up, the correlation between estrogen and attractiveness disappeared.  This shows that make-up literally "makes up" for lower estrogen levels.This is the answer to the first question - why are cosmetics only for women? Because cosmetics accentuate estrogen driven female characteristics.  One of my favorite reports was a recent study of tipping behavior in a French restaurant.   Male patrons gave tips more often to waitresses who wore makeup, and when they did tip, they gave them a larger amount of money than to waitresses without makeup.  There was no difference for female patrons, even though both male and female patrons thought that the waitresses were more attractive when they wore makeup.What are the details of the Human Brand and how does our brain recognize them?First, the brain recognizes bilateral symmetry and body proportions.The most elemental value in The Human Brand is bilateral symmetry; meaning the left and right side of the body are mirror images of each other. Bilateral symmetry is a sign of the absence of congenital or developmental defect, malnutrition or parasitic infection, common maladies in subsistence living.  People with poor health as children tend to look unusual, or away from the norm, by the time they are 17 years old. Although minor variations are often of no functional consequence, they do have dramatic impact on the perception of beauty. Such judgments of the Human Brand are culturally universal. Men and women differ in body shape under the influence of the sex hormones.  The preferred ratio of waist to hips for men is 0.9. For women, who have wider hips, the preferred waist to hip ratio is 0.7. Once again this ratio for women is universal among all cultures that have been studied, suggesting that this preference is genetically hard-wired in our brains.This idea is supported by one of the more interesting studies conducted by functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRI, which images the brain while at work.  This was a study of women who underwent plastic surgery on their bodies. Men were shown pictures of the women naked before surgery, and not surprisingly, distinct parts of their brains were activated.  They were then shown pictures of the same women after cosmetic surgery had improve their waist to hip ratio to be closer to the ideal of 0.7.  By comparing the brain reactions to the before and after pictures, the study reported that approaching the ideal ratio specifically activated the orbitofrontal cortex and the anterior cingulated cortex.  These two brain regions have been associated with judging value in choosing between alternatives.We pay special attention to people's faces.We have a unique and well-developed area of the brain devoted just to facial recognition, called the fusiform face area.  As social creatures, it is essential that we read other peoples intentions and emotions in their faces and adjust our behavior accordingly. We also use the face to determine attractiveness.In another fMRI study, men were shown faces of beautiful women while their brains were scanned.  Compared to average faces, the attractive faces specifically activated the nucleus accumbens in the caudate region of the brain.  This region is a reward center of the brain. So we are built to reward ourselves with a little dose of dopamine when we make the right evolutionary choice!The eyes are a feature of the face closely related to beauty.  The brain uses a special region, the superior temporal sulcus, for the job of following eye movements in others and determining the direction of their view.  This region develops early, and neonates learn within months to follow their mothers' gaze.  Eye recognition is wired directly into the most fundamental emotional processing unit in the brain - the amygdala.So in summary, the brain is built to monitor the symmetry and shape of the body, and features of the face, especially the eyes.  In this way the brain is tuned to the Human Brand.There is one more driver of the Human Brand for your brain - and that is Youth.It's common to think that this is a recent trend.  In fact it is not.  People are exquisitely sensitive to the age of others and are excellent judges of each other's age. Our brain uses various facial cues to judge age even if we cannot call it into consciousness and express it.The reason youth is important is rooted in evolutionary biology.  For women, youth is a strong predictor of estrogen levels in all human cultures studied.  The appeal of youth is not just a trendy preference, but it was likely selected in our ancestors thousands of years ago.Cosmetics are used to counter the loss of estrogen effects with aging.  The prevalence of makeup use among Western women rises from 74% in 18-24 year old bracket, where estrogen is at its highest, to 81% in 35-44 age group, where it has already begun to decline.These evolutionary pressures to accurately judge age have focused our attention on estrogen driven traits that most readily reveal a woman's age.  In a comprehensive study of individual human facial features, the analysis concluded that the most important factors in judging age are the size of the eyes and the lips, and the evenness of skin tone, regardless of what that tone might be.In every ethnic group around the world, the size of women's eyes decrease with age.  They get smaller, top to bottom, in every culture.  The same thing is true with lip size.Eye makeup, which is used to increase the appearance of the size of eyes, has the greatest effect on attractiveness as judged by both men and women.  Observers look at the eyes of women with eye makeup 40% longer than women without it, and if the rest of the face is made up, the attention to the eyes increased 80%.Lipstick, which increases the appearance of the size and accentuates the shape of the lip, increases the time people spend looking at the lips by 26%.What about evenness of skin tone?  When images of just a swatch of skin from British girls and women were shown to observers, they were able to correctly estimate biological age. Their evaluation showed a strong correlation between judging someone as older and unevenness of hemoglobin and melanin distribution in the skin sample. Homogeneity was also correlated with increased attractiveness and appearance of healthiness. For people shown pictures of both made-up and no makeup faces, the number of eye fixations and dwell time were positively correlated with skin color homogeneity.We focus on the homogeneity of skin color because it is a marker of age.  All people, regardless of ethnicity, get darker with age and their skin tone becomes uneven.  The particular color changes that occur, however, differ among ethnicities.  For example, young African women have a strong yellow tone that declines with age, while young Chinese women have less yellow that increases with age. Therefore, a yellow skin tone means beauty and youth in Africa but aging and unattractiveness in China.More importantly, as people get darker with age, the color contrast between the hair, eyes and facial skin is reduced. Once again, cosmetics are used to counter this sign of aging by enhancing color contrast.Why is there no makeup for the nose or for the ears?  The simple reason is that the length of both the ears and nose continue to increase with age.  These are the last features a woman would want to highlight, because increased attention would indicate an older age.  Ergo, no nose or ear cosmetics.This review of the Human Brand also provides insights into Neuromarketing. Neuromarketing is the convergence of evolutionary biology, neuroscience, psychology and genetics with economics and marketing. The brain comes from somewhere, and you have to understand human evolution and genetics to understand the brain.You can't do cutting-edge marketing anymore without understanding biology.The desire for Beauty is hard-wired in our genes, and the genes then direct construction of our brains.  It is global because all humans share a common descent.  Social media does not create beauty preferences, but media follows the drives of evolutionary biology.A great example of this is The Lipstick Effect.Classical economists would consider luxury cosmetics as elastic goods whose demand would contract in difficult economic times of recession, just like the demand for luxury homes and boats.  But Leonard Lauder, the Merchant Prince of luxury cosmetics, first formulated the concept of the Lipstick Effect.  He observed that sales of lipsticks increase during economic downturns, as women choose small pleasures to compensate for losses, and increase their appearance advantage in a more competitive environment. A thorough academic study of recessions over the past 50 years confirmed his theory. Women tend to increase their purchase of products that enhance their appearance while decreasing their purchase of non-appearance-enhancing products.Neuromarketing insights can help guide business through difficult cycles, and create new categories of goods and services that are aligned with people's hard-wired desires.    Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on MobileWhy Luxury is Valuable        HomeAbout Dan YaroshContact Dan YaroshConsulting ServicesBlogs and EssaysWhy Luxury is ValuableThe Human BrandFABULUST: The Natural History of DesireGod Is Not Finished With Me YetThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIThe Evolutionary Biology of Rock and Roll - Part IIIHigh Heel Shoes - Pornography for Women?  Dan Yarosh  Why Luxury is ValuableStatus Aspirations and Self-Signaling Create Premium Value in Luxury Consumers GoodsCopyright Daniel B. Yarosh, Ph.D., 2014. All Rights Reserved.AbstractLuxury goods are a significant portion of the marketplace and an aspiration for nearly everyone, but we do not really understand why these goods carry a premium value. I investigated this through a series of survey questions to more than 1600 Americans.  The results show that these consumers are willing to spend both money and time to acquire luxury goods beyond their intrinsic utility and irrespective of the brand name.  They value them in part because they help gain status relative to their neighbors, and people readily understand that their neighbors may only buy luxury goods that they can show off. Surprisingly, however, luxury goods do not need to be displayed to the neighbors in order to hold value. People regularly buy luxury goods for themselves alone, suggesting that one motive for acquiring luxury is to self-signal.  The premium value of luxury goods is fragile and it can be easily devalued when placed in the wrong context or diluted by fakery. These results provide new insights into the behavioral psychology of the luxury goods category.IntroductionWell-known brands of luxury goo​ds are potent forces in the marketplace. In recent years new wealth injected into the consumer goods market has led to a bifurcation in consumer preferences: they shifted spending to less expensive commodity goods while at the same time they increased their demand for premium priced luxury goods [[i]].  Luxury goods are not simply the higher end of a continuum of consumer pricing. More than 100 years ago Thorsten Veblen recognized that luxury goods convey the status of their owner to others, whether or not they are superior in quality [[ii]].  They are signals of status, and must be costly (either in money, time or effort) to have value in conveying the appropriate signal.  Today, luxury goods offered with luxury brand names and in luxury distribution channels have a value premium in consumers’ minds due to a perception of increased quality and utility [[iii]].The behavioral psychology behind this perception of increased utility is not understood. Do consumers who are concerned about their own status value luxury items more than those who do not?  Are they more concerned about those above them or below them in social standing?  What are these buyers willing to forgo in order to acquire luxury goods?  Is it important to luxury buyers whether their luxury goods are displayed in public? What is the difference between men and women in their desires for luxury goods?  These questions are addressed here using surveys of a large and diverse US population.MethodsA total of 1640 people in the U.S. were surveyed.  The texts of the survey questions are found in Appendix I.  The surveys were conducted on-line using Survey Monkey (see surveymonkey.com).  The first survey of 596 people wasconducted in March 2012, the second survey of 524 people was conducted in September-October 2012, and the third survey was of 520 people in January 2014.  The only entry criteria was that the individual was 18 years of age or older.  Survey Monkey modestly reimbursed the responders for their participation.The participants lived within U.S., predominately east of Mississippi, and a majority of remainder lived on or near the West Coast.  The distribution of residencies was similar among the surveys.  The demographic characteristics are shown in Appendix II.  There were approximately equal numbers of men and women in the surveys, with slightly more women in the first survey and more men in the second.  The subjects were predominantly over 45 years old (but more younger respondents in the third survey), ethnically white, and had at least some college education.  Most were married, but 24%, 15% and 31% in the three surveys were never married.The texts of the questions are found in Appendix I.  The questions were in the same order for all participants.  The order of the answers was randomized, except when the answers were about values (money or time), in which case the values answers were ordered from lowest to highest.  Values such as time or money were used to allow subjects to convey the intensity of their feelings regarding status of luxury goods.  Values were grouped in ranges (e.g. $101 - $200).  In order to calculate averages for the answers, each answer was assigned the lowest value in the range (e.g. $101).Statistical analysis was conducted using StatPlus for Mac.  The responses to each question were first analyzed by ANOVA against the independent variables of sex, age, race (white or non-white), marital status (single v ever married) and education (high school, some college, undergraduate degree, graduate degree).  If the ANOVA had a p <0.05, linear regression analysis was used to determine which of the independent variables was significantly associated with the outcome.  For those with significant association, a Chi-squared test was performed for each pair of dependent and independent variables to determine the direction of the association.  All p-values reported here are the results of Chi-squared tests.ResultsStatus and Aspiration are Drivers of Human BehaviorPeople routinely overestimate their status and personal qualities relative to the rest of the population ([iv]).  In each of these surveys, most responders said they were just as well off as their neighbors (64.9%, 63.0%, and 66.9% in the three surveys).  However, they were more likely to say they were “better off” than “worse off” than their neighbors (23.8% v 12.1%; 21.9% v 15.1%; 21.3% v 11.7% in the three surveys).  Over all the surveys, nearly twice as many said they were better off than worse off (22.4% v 12.9%). This over-optimism was independent of race, marital status or age. As might be expected, increasing education was associated with feeling better off, rising from 18.8% among high school graduates to 26.3% for graduate degree holders (p=0.028). Men tended to think they are better off than their neighbors compared to women (25.5% v 19.5%, p = 0.012).Status is always relative to someone else, and goods that covey status are considered positional because their value is dependent on their position relative to other goods in the same category.  In a large survey in Sweden people wereasked to make a recommendation to a hypothetical relative living in the future about living in one of two societies – one in which their income was high but smaller than the average, the other in which their income was small but greater than the average.  The study concluded that income was significantly positional, i.e. people recommended that their relatives live where their income was greater than average [[v]].  Here we asked people in the US in the first survey directly: “Would you rather have $150 when everyone else has $300, or would you accept $100 when others had $50?” Contrary to the expectation of rational choosing, more than half (56.4%) preferred the $100, rather than taking $150, as long as they had more than others.  The proportion wasindependent of sex, age, race, married status or education.  The decision was influenced by the amount offered compared to the amount held by others.  In a second survey, subjects were offered $100 when others had $25, or $150 when others had $600 – increasing the disparity from two- to four-fold.  The proportion now choosing $100 instead of $150 increased to 60.7%, but the increment was not statistically significant.  The result was again independent of sex, age, race, married status or education.  However, in the third survey, the subjects were offered $100 when others had $75, or $150 when others had $175 – greatly reducing the disparity.  The proportions now reversed, with 62.7% preferring the larger amount, and only 37.3% choosing the $100 when others had $75.  Here the younger groups were even more likely than the older groups to choose the larger amount (75.3% for 18-24 year olds v 54.9% for 65-74 yr olds; p=0.0035).  People choose by narrow economic analysis when the disparity with others is small, but at larger disparities people’s feelings regarding the status of others influence their choices.Status Display and False SignalsThe display of luxury goods is one means by which people signal their status to others. Logos are used by brands to conspicuously mark their goods, particularly on clothing where the logo is readily visible.  This can be an opportunity for deception, since the observer cannot otherwise easily verify the brand or quality of the clothing.  Subjects were asked whether or not they would pay to have a false luxury logo sewn onto a free custom-made shirt.  28.4% chose to pay, and of those who agreed, their average offer was $8.26.  There was no correlation with sex, age, marriage status, or perception of status relative to neighbors.  This significant portion of consumers who are willing to falsely display brand logos on clothing makes the true display of status more difficult. This is part of the  “free-rider” problem of honesty.  Symbols of status must be true and costly to convey their value.  Free riders will always try to falsify the signal, and true status symbols must be enforced against free riders, or they will ultimately lose their value.Of special note, there was a strong correlation between willingness to purchase a false logo and race.  Non-whites were much more likely to buy the false logo than whites (49.0% v 26.3%, p=0.00001) and non-whites who were willing to pay offered on average more than whites ($11.98 v $7.54).  This may indicate that minorities within a culture are more eager to display costly brand signals as a way to show social achievement or membership in the majority group.  There was also a strong correlation between education and willingness to pay (p=0.00025).  The percentage willing to pay for the false logo fell from 47.7% among those with a high school education to 19.4% among those with a graduate degree.  This may mean that increasing education increases the perception of the benefits of playing by the rules and the risk of penalty for detection of false signals.Gifting and Costly Signals​Gift giving may be a relatively private matter, such as to newlyweds.  However, the amount may be influenced by the donor’s social status.  Subjects were asked when giving a wedding gift, if they would give more, less or the same as a neighbor who was better off.  When they compared themselves to a better off neighbor, 62.6% said they would give a smaller wedding gift.  The result was independent of sex, age, marital status or education.  Whites were more likely to give less than non-whites (64.4% v 50.0%, p=0.0026).Giving to charity may be a similar or more public demonstration of wealth.  Subjects were asked whether when giving a charitable donation, if they would give more, less or the same as a neighbor who was worse off.  When comparing themselves to a less-well off neighbor, only 7.6% would give less (60.2% would give the same, and 32.2% would give more).  This was again independent of all demographic variables. ​These results are consistent with brain imaging studies that show that social defeats activate the emotional limbic areas (ventral striatum and the insula) much more strongly than victories, and thus provides a salient negative reinforcer to social status loss [[vi]].  People want to give more than a less-well off neighbor to maintain their status, but do not try to compete with a better-off neighbor.This is an important aspect of the aspiration inherent in luxury goods.  The desire is to be better off than most, and hence the choice to have $100 when other have $50, rather than $150 when others have $300.  The fear that is the other side of this desire is falling behind in social status.  Thus, people are willing to spend more to avoid losing status than they spend to gain status.What is particularly remarkable in these results is that the decision is a private matter, known largely only to the recipient and the donor, but not the community at large that arbitrates status.  Nevertheless, social standing influences these private decisions.We now consider how important is the public display of status.Spending for Status: Displayed or Concealed Goods​People purchase expensive goods to signal social status.  Subjects were asked whether they were willing to spend more on a purchase in order to surpass their neighbors who had purchased a similar item.  There was a range of goods, some of which are publicly visible (displayed: car or watch) and some are in private places within the home (concealed: bedroom set, refrigerator).  The intensity of their desire to surpass their neighbors was expressed by the amount of money they were willing to pay.  In each survey subjects were only asked once about particular goods  (e.g car or refrigerator), so that all the possibilities were covered in two surveys.​Table 1.  Subjects were willing to spend more to surpass neighbor​​In each case, between about 15 to 30% said they would in fact spend more just to exceed their neighbors’ purchase (Table 1).  The proportions varied by the item, with the greatest number spending more for a car, and the least spending more for a watch.  There was no difference whether the goods were displayed or concealed.  The percentages were also similar whether the spending was to surpass a neighbor who was better off or a neighbor who was worse off.  For displayed goods, subjects’ intensity of feeling (as measured by their willingness to spend) was greater to keep up with better off neighbor than to keep up with a worse off neighbor (they offered 66% less for car and 2% less for a watch to surpass a worse off neighbor). Overall, the demographic factors were not related to any of the choices to spend more for displayed goods compared to neighbors, with two exceptions.  Non-whites were more likely to spendmore for a car compared to a worse off neighbor (p=0.012) and for a watch compared to a better off neighbor (p=0.0042). For concealed goods, the intensity of feeling was reversed.  They offered to spend more to surpass worse off neighbor than they offered to exceed a better off neighbor (they offered 13% more for a bedroom set and 12% more for a refrigerator to surpass a worse off neighbor).  None of these choice frequencies were related to age, sex, race, marital status or education.Over a wide range of situations a substantial fraction of people consider spending more money than they originally intended in order to maintain or advance their status relative to their neighbors. But they do not appear more likely to spend more for displayed luxury compared to concealed luxury.In a direct test of the desire to display status, subjects were asked if they would pay a tax in order to display an inherited famous sculpture outside their home for all to see, or forgo the tax and keep the sculpture concealed from the public within the home.  An overwhelming 81.2% were unwilling to pay any amount to display the art. The sentiment was unrelated to any of the collected demographics. All these answers suggest that the display of luxury is not the only reason people spend extra for the prestige goods.  To understand buying habits better, subjects were asked if they had purchased a luxury good in the past month, and whether others knew about the purchase (display) or not (concealed).  Since the survey was conducted in January, the trailing month included the Christmas season. This is in fact a time when people spend on themselves as well as gifts for others – 57% of consumers in 2010 bought something for themselves during the holiday season [[vii]].  Among our subjects, 60.8% did not purchase a luxury good for themselves in the last month.  Of those who had, 29.6% purchased an item that one no one knew about and only 9.6% purchased something that others knew about.  The likelihood of a luxury purchase was dependent on age: younger subjects were more likely than older subjects to buy items no others saw; in addition, the frequency of not buying any luxury increased with age (p=0.0043). No other demographics were significantly related to purchases.This result suggests people are more willing than expected by traditional behavioral economic theory derived from Veblen to spend on inconspicuous consumption.  To further explore this notion, subjects were asked if they would prefer a more expensive luxury item that no one could see, or a less expensive item that everyone could see.  The question asked the subjects to consider giving up value in order to display the status good.  In fact, 64.0% chose to have the more expensive but unseen luxury good. The choice was unrelated to demographics, except for a small, non-linear but statistically significant effect of age (p=0.010).Taken together, the results here suggest that people are willing to spend more to enhance their status relative to their neighbors.  But they are not particularly concerned whether the goods are displayed or concealed.Inconspicuous Consumption and Self-SignalingThe finding of equivalent value of concealed luxury goods compared to those displayed is a challenge to the traditional theory of conspicuous display of costly signals as a demonstration of reproductive fitness.  The category of concealed luxury goods includes refrigerators and kitchen items bedroom furniture and linens, lingerie and luxury toiletries such as cleansers, soaps, scented candles and bath salts.  Current behavioral economic theory would predict that people would be less willing to pay for concealed luxury goods than displayed ones, because they don’t readily convey status to others. However, the data presented here do not reveal a preference to pay for displayed goods or a habit of buying luxury more often for display.  This same problem arises in the willingness of people to gift money based on status when few others will know.One explanation could be that people monitor their own actions to insure congruency in their behaviors [[viii]]: “the ‘audience for individual’s symbolic consumption could be themselves.”  Hogg and colleagues propose in this Congruency Theory that people internalize social standards and choose products and brands in a search for intrinsic congruence.In order to test this congruency theory, subjects were asked about neighbors who displayed luxury items but held common goods in concealment.  In the first survey, subjects were asked to choose a single answer to the question: "You admire a neighbor who is always dressed with designer clothes, drives a luxury car and wears expensivejewelry.  You are invited to your neighbor’s home and there you see common brand furniture, mid-range kitchenappliances, and drug store brands in the bathroom.  You decide: (a) my neighbor is a discerning shopper, or (b)my neighbor is a hypocrite."In the second survey, subjects were asked:"You see that your neighbor has a luxury car and wears a luxury watch, but when you are invited inside his home, you see he has common brands of kitchen appliances and furniture.  You conclude your neighbor is: (a) discerning shopper, or (b) a phony."In the third survey, subjects were asked:"You see a neighbor has expensive luxury cars parked in his driveway.  When you are invited into his house, you see that it is barely furnished with simple furniture.  You conclude that this neighbor is: (a) a careful shopper, or (b) a show-off. "In the first survey, only 12.9% thought this person was a “hypocrite”, in the second survey only 26.0% thought this person was a “phony”, but in the third survey 62.1% though this person was a “show-off”. In the questions using the term “hypocrite” or “phony”, subjects’ responses were independent of any demographic feature.  In the question using the term “show-off”, men were more likely to characterize it as such than women (70.0% v 59.9%, p=0.0039). Softening the descriptive word increased agreement that this behavior deserved social condemnation, but the criticism was far from universal, and women were more reluctant than men to denounce the neighbor.These results do not support the congruency theory.  People are not quick to penalize those who are incongruous in displaying luxury publicly and concealing non-luxury goods, but rather considered them “discerning shoppers” rather than “hypocrites”, phonies” or at worst consider them “show-offs”.A refinement to the congruency explanation is that people signal to themselves to reveal their true nature, which is called “self-signaling” [[ix]].  Each person’s relative reproductive fitness is unknown to oneself at any one time, but it is a subject of great personal interest.  A person therefore does things that demonstrate to herself that she has high fitness value.  It might be by being strictly honest or dutiful to parents and family, by competing in a test of strength such as a marathon, or by being especially vigilant against breeches of morality.  Whether others see these behaviors or not is irrelevant, because the individual does see them and takes note of her own performance and hence sign of fitness value.  A person can also signal to herself that she has high fitness by consuming costly goods that signal fitness, such as consuming luxury goods, whether displayed or concealed.  She is in fact an audience of one for the costly signal event. Thus, the signal has value whether it is displayed in public or concealed in private.The Self-Signaling Theory explains why people are willing to give more in charity or wedding gifts to preserve status when few else know; why people are equally willing to pay more for either displayed or concealed luxury goods in order to supersede their neighbors; and why they are more likely to buy for themselves concealed luxury goods than displayed luxury goods.  It also explains why they are not willing to give up value in the luxury good just to have it displayed.People do not expect or require themselves or others to self-signal (there is no requirement for congruency), and so they do not consider it hypocrisy or phoniness for other to only signal with displayed goods.  The Theory of Self-Signaling better explains the results obtained here than more traditional Conspicuous Consumption or Congruency theories.Devoting Time to Luxury CategoryLuxury goods convey a value beyond their price, as a display of status to oneself and others.  The previous questions probed the willingness of subjects to pay for status.  But the intensity of desire can also be measured by the willingness to spend time by waiting.Subjects were asked:"At a store you are told you have won one of two prizes of equal value.  One prize is two bottles of a common wine and the other is one bottle of a premium wine.  The common wine bottles are available right away but you have to wait for the luxury wine bottle. How long are you willing to wait?"The choices are: Not at all, up to 1 hour, 1 to 6 hours, up to 1 day, 1 day to 1 week, and more than 1 week.   Overall 65% are willing to wait for the luxury wine, and 41.3% percentage will wait a week or more for luxury wine.  The frequency of willingness to wait spans all demographics.  There is no correlation with sex, marital status, how subjects viewed their status relative to neighbors, or whether they preferred $100 or $150 in the status question.In a similar way subjects were asked about the luxury of fashion, pitting the fast pace change of style against the willingness to spend time to get it:"You win a contest and you can receive a white blouse from a well-known manufacturer immediately, or you can wait and receive a similarly priced blouse in the latest style in the season’s most fashionable color.  How long willyou wait for the fashion blouse, if at all?"In this case, 70.8% of all people were willing to wait, and 49.8% were willing to wait more than 1 week.  There was no relation to any of the demographic parameters, except sex.  As might be expected from the question, women were more frequently willing to wait (77.7% for women v 63.2% for men) and more women were willing to wait more than 1 week (54.9% for women v 44.1% for men) (p=0.009).The results for this survey question are surprising.  While other questions in the survey used money to express intensity of feeling, these questions used time – the willingness to wait - as an indication of choice conviction.  Unlike spending money, spending time to achieve goals (such as the willingness to delay gratification) is a characteristic associated with cognitive ability [[x]]. Simply the identification of the wine as a premium brand or the blouse as fashionable was sufficient to create substantial value.In a related study, the same wine was identified to subjects as either a low price or high price variety [[xi]].  The subjects reported greater experienced pleasantness when tasting the higher priced samples, and experiencegreater activation of the medial orbitofrontal cortex, the brain center correlated with rating pleasantness, when tasting the higher priced sample.  The identification of wine as premium or the blouse as fashionable creates a special value in the subject’s mind, such that she is willing to wait long to experience it and will enjoy it more, regardless of its intrinsic qualities.  In this way a luxury good has a greater chance of finding consumer satisfaction than a commodity good, and in a circular reasoning thereby justifies its premium price.The relationship between time and value also works in the opposite direction.  Waiting itself creates value in the consumer good [[xii]].  In a study, subjects who were asked to wait 13 days to make a decision increased their preference for a higher-end iPod Shuffle device.  In this way, waiting for a scarce luxury good increases its value, and in a circular reasoning thereby makes its acquisition more salient.Purchasing a luxury good is only not a binary, buy or not, decision, but also a foraging decision about whether to buy or continue to shop. The decision to continue shopping is also a form of waiting, and the willingness of people to defer a purchase may differ between luxury and commodity goods.Subjects were asked if they would buy or continue to shop if the found the watch they were looking for in the first store at the price they wanted.  In one survey the item was a luxury watch, and in the other it was a common everyday watch.In searching for a prestige watch, 42.0% said they would continue to shop even after they found what they were looking for.  However, if the watch was a common watch, only 30.6% would continue to shop, a statistically significant difference (p=0.00013).  Although shopping in general is an attractive activity to women and less pleasant for men [[xiii]], here in shopping for a luxury watch more men were willing to keep looking than women (49% v 32%, p=0.00034).  However, in considering buying the common watch, age, not sex, was the factor; as the age of the subjects increased the frequency of those willing to continue to shop declined (p=0.0034).The results here suggest that people place extra value in luxury goods as expressed in time; time they are willing to wait to receive it and time they are willing to devote to finding it.Intrinsic Value of Luxury Goods Aside from PriceA difficulty in studying attitudes about luxury goods is separating the feelings they provoke from their affordability.  All people have responses to the offerings but they are only revealed when the personal circumstance of ability to pay is removed.  This was accomplished in the surveys by endowing the subjects with skin care products through someone’s mistake and then asking them to return either the jar of luxury brand skin cream or an increasing number of drug store brand jars.  The goal was to determine how much of a common good is equal to the value of the luxury counterpart, putting aside the cost of the items.The question was:"You receive by mistake one package with a bottle of a luxury skin cream and another package with two bottles ofthe same size of a drug store skin cream. You see on the packing slips that the two packages are worth thesame.  The shipper asks you to return one.  Which do you return?"No brand names, performance claims or other descriptions were offered for the skin creams, only that one was a luxury brand and the other a drug store brand.  In the first survey the subjects knew that the two options were of equal monetary value, but in the two later surveys there was no mention of price.In the first survey, 43.6% would send back the 2 bottles of the drug store brand and keep the luxury brand.  Women were much more likely to make this choice than men (51.2% v 34.7%, p=0.00005), but the choice was not otherwise associated with race, age, marital status or education. The choice to send back the 2 drug store cream bottles was strongly correlated with those who preferred the $100 when others had $50 in the status question (p=0.010).  In the first survey where both questions were asked, those unwilling to wait for the luxury wine were also more likely to send back the luxury cream than those who would wait for the wine (42.9% v 25.0%, p=0.00028).People have a preference is for the luxury category that is relatively insensitive to the value of the other option.   In second questionnaire, the brands or values of the products were not specified, but the subjects were asked if they would send back the luxury cream when the number of jars in the alternative drug store variety was increased.  When 2 were offered, 78.8% kept the luxury cream; when 3 were offered 75.6% kept the luxury cream; and when offered 5 jars of drug store cream 74.6% still preferred the luxury cream.  Although there appeared to be a trend toward fewer choosing the luxury bottle when the number of drug store bottles was increased, it was not statistically significant.  The findings were robust; in the third survey the question was asked slightly differently so that the subjects were asked which they would keep (one luxury or 5 drug store creams), rather than which they would send back.  In this case 64.2% still kept the luxury cream, and women were even more likely to say so than men (68.5% v 59.5%, p=0.033).The label of luxury on a product, without brand name, explicit performance claims or pricing cues, created substantial preference in the minds of the subjects that was not easily dislodged, even with an excess number of alternative items.Fragility of Luxury Category ValueBrands are displays to oneself or others of costly signals of fitness, and they should therefore be sensitive to the perception of their costliness.  Indeed, making a prestige brand too easy to acquire can ruin its value.  But once a luxury good has been purchased, it becomes cloaked with an Endowment Effect [[xiv]], meaning the mere possession of something increases its value to the owner.  The impact of endowment on the judgment of luxury value was explored by asking subjects about their desire for a luxury item after it has been publicly devalued, but in one case before possessing it and in the other case after possessing it.In the first case, subjects were asked:"You are on your way to the mall to buy a new pair of designer jeans you have admired.  On your way you pass a thrift shop and the pair of designer jeans you had in mind is in the window.  When you get to the mall are you (a) less likely to buy, (b) more likely to buy or (c) no difference."Simply observing designer jeans in a non-prestige context reduced their value: 68% of subjects were less likely to buy the jeans after seeing them at a thrift store.  This was independent of demographic factors other than sex.  Women were more likely to change their mind than men (72.7% were less likely to buy v 62.4% for men, p=0.0174).In the second question, subjects were asked about something that they already owned but did not invest their own money on – a sweater:"You receive a sweater as a gift that you like very much and are planning to wear to a party.  One day you see a homeless person wearing the same sweater.  Will you still wear the sweater to the party - Yes or No?"Here the answer was different once the goods were possessed.  91.4% of subjects said that they would still wear the sweater after seeing it on a homeless person.  The answers were independent of any demographic.The answers to the two questions suggest an extension of the Endowment Effect to displaying luxury goods.  Prior to possession, the ability of luxury goods to convey status is fragile and can be degraded by association in the wrong context.  However, once in a person’s possession, the goods gain insulation from such adverse association.  This observation supports the use of give-away marketing techniques that put brand items in the hands of target customers, and thereby endow the brand with value and immunizes it from devaluation.DiscussionStatus, which is the recognition of the inequality of people in health and wealth, is one of the human universals, found in every human culture studied everywhere in the world, at every stage of economic development [[xv]].  People by their nature are optimistic about their status, and the survey results presented here show that people are much more likely to believe that they are better off (higher status) than worse off (lower status). Status is not just about how much money one has, but also about what one has relative to others. The surveys showed that 50-60% of people are willing to give up money as long as they have more than those around them.  This desire for status was independent of the major demographic variables of age, sex, race, martial status and education, consistent with Brown’s observation of the universality of status in human culture.Luxury goods are one way that people acquire status.  They are costly signals that carry a premium above and beyond the utility of the goods.  A luxury brand name attached to goods increases their value in the consumers’ eyes, beyond the contribution of the high price [3].  Among the survey population, 15-30% were willing to pay more for goods just to acquire status by surpassing their neighbors.  This was true whether the neighbors were better or worse off than themselves, and whether the goods were displayed publicly or concealed inside the house.  This was equally true between men and women, and among races, ages, marital status and education levels.A particularly interesting facet of this desire for luxury status was the willingness of more than 40% of subjects (and more than 50% of women) to give up 2 bottles of a common brand skin cream to keep 1 bottle of a luxury brand, even when they were of the same total value. This expressed preference was not dislodged when up to 5 bottles of the common brand cream was offered.A similar type of choice study was performed with monkeys and their brains were scanned using fMRI while they chose. They were offered either a small fixed amount of their favorite grape juice or increasing amount of the less favored dilute cranberry juice.  As the amount of the less favored juice was increased in the offer, the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), which encodes the chosen value, was increasingly activated  [[xvi]].  In a similar way the survey questions offered subjects an increasing amount of the less favored common brand as an alternative to the favored luxury brand.  But rather than having more utility value (sweeter taste in the monkey experiment) the luxury cream choice had less utility value (fewer bottles) but more status value, the later of which is encoded in the emotional limbic areas (ventral striatum and the insula) [6].  In fact, people who kept the luxury cream and sent back the 2 drug store cream bottles of equal value were more likely to be those who preferred $100 when others had $50, rather than $150 when others had $300.  This suggests that these brain regions encoding both product value and status value interact when consumers contemplate the choice of luxury goods.  This is certainly a testable hypothesis.People are willing not only to spend money to achieve status but also to spend time.  Spending time is different than spending money, because lost time cannot be recovered later.  In addition, a relative increase in spending may be a driven by impulsive buying, but relative increase in spending time by waiting is associated with increased cognitiveability.  Subjects answered that they were willing to wait for a luxury wine compared to a common wine, and willing to wait for a fashion blouse (which may be out of fashion later) rather than immediately take a plain white blouse.  This is a sign of status seeking; those willing to wait for the luxury wine were also more likely to keep the luxury cream.  Subjects were also more willing to continue shopping (and thus spend more time) after finding the right luxury watch than after finding the right common everyday watch.  This reinforces the finding that people will pay the premium value of luxury goods with not only money, but with time.Costly signals of status such as luxury, apart from the value of the good, are fragile.  Prior to purchase, the costly signals in the wrong context, such a status item in a thrift shop for the poor, loses its “cost” and hence more than two-thirds of subjects here decided not to buy.  However, once in a person’s possession, the luxury good becomes endowed with value resistant to context. Even seeing the costly signal displayed by a homeless poor person didnot cause people to discredit the item.  Aside from the wrong context, costly signals are subject to fakery that devalues its “cost”.  This is not a trivial consideration, since the survey here showed that more than one-quarter of people are willing to pay a nominal amount to create a false signal of luxury.The theory of luxury as Costly Signals of reproductive fitness began with Thorsten Veblen’s formulation of luxury as Conspicuous Consumption.  But since a substantial amount of luxury is not for display this theory was refined toinclude the Theory of Congruency, or the desire of people to be consistent in their displays of status to themselves and others.  However, the alternative theory of Self-Signaling proposes that people are concerned with their own level of reproductive fitness, but cannot know it with any certainty. Therefore, they use various signals to themselves to demonstrate their own value, such as overcoming challenges or buying luxury goods.  They are an audience of one and consistency in display to others is not required.  This theory better explains the data presented here than the other theories on several points.First, subjects who purchased luxury goods for themselves in the previous month were much more likely to have made purchases that were concealed than displayed.  This is inconspicuous consumption, contrary to Veblen’s formulation.Second, most subjects were unwilling to pay to display a luxury good, such as putting a statue out in front of their home. This is again inconspicuous consumption.Third, a substantial fraction of subjects were willing to pay extra for goods that exceeded their neighbor, but showed no preference in their willingness for concealed or displayed goods.Fourth, a majority of subjects opted for the more costly but hidden luxury rather than the less costly but public luxury.Fifth, gift giving when few else knew was still sensitive to status.  Many subjects were willing to increase their giving to stay ahead of lower status neighbors, but a vast majority was unwilling to do this to compete with higher status neighbors.  If people think they are better off than their neighbors, the Theory of Congruency would suggest that at least some would step up to signal it, but they did not. Donating money activates the same area of the brain, the ventral striatum, which computes the utility of receiving or losing money and evaluates status [[xvii]].  The self-signaling component of charity is consistent with the failure of pure altruism to explain giving [17], including the fact that even people with low incomes donate money to charity.  Glaser and Konrad explain charity by an economic theory whereby the gift is a signal of wealth and status [[xviii]].  The donations proposed in the survey questions were without public attention, and therefore only the Theory of Self-Signaling can explain the results described here.Sixth, subjects were remarkably unwilling to condemn others who displayed luxury but kept common goods concealed.  They were largely unwilling to consider them “hypocrites” or “phonies”.  This tolerance for incongruent behavior is not consistent with the Theory of Congruency.  But the Theory of Self-Signaling makes no requirement that subjects display their signals to others if they have made the signal to themselves.​We can now answer the questions posed in the Introduction.  People desire luxury goods because they aspire to high status, but they are more afraid of staying ahead than wishing to surpass those better off.  These aspirations are largely universal, independent of sex, age, race or education, although there are some differences between the sexes based on type of luxury goods (cars for men, skincare creams for women).  People are willing to acquire status by spending both money and time.  The purchase of luxury goods to a significant extent is a self-directed signal demonstrating status as an indication of personal fitness value.  Reference[i].    Silverstein, M.J. and Fisk, N. Trading Up. Penguin Books, New York. 2003. [ii] .  Veblen, T.  Theory of the Leisure Class.  Penguin Books, NY. 1994 (first published in 1899)[iii].  Dodds, W.B., Monroe, K.B., Grewal, D. Effects of Price, Brand and Store Information on Buyers’ ProductEvaluations.  J. Marketing Res. 28:307-319, 1991.[iv].  Sharot, T.  The Optimism Bias. Vintage Books, N.Y. 2012. [v].   Carlsson, F., Johansson-Stenman, O., Martinsson, P.  Do You Enjoy Having More than Others? Survey Evidence of Positional Goods.  Economica 74:586-598, 2007.[vi].  Ligneul, R., R. Girard, J-C. Dreher, Defeats Drive the Emergence of Social Hierarchy Representations in the Human Brain. Abstract, 11th Annual Meeting, Society for Neuroeconomics, 2013. [vii].  Tuttle, B.  New Holiday Tradition: Buying Yourself a Gift.  Time Magazine, Dec. 12, 2011. [viii].  Hogg, M., Cox, A., Keeling, K.  The Impact of Self-Monitoring on Image Congruence and Product/BrandEvaluation.  Eur. J. Market. 34:641-666, 2000. [ix].   Bodner, R., Prelec, D.  Self-signaling and Diagnostic Utility in Everyday Decision Making. In: Collected Essays in Psychology and Economics (eds. I. Brocas, J. Carillo) Oxford Univ. Press, 2002.[x].    Rustichini, A.  Neuroeconomics: Formal Models of Decision-Making and Cognitive Neuroscience. In: Neuroeconomics: Decision Making and the Brain (eds. P. Glimcher, C. Camerer, E. Fehr, R. Poldrack).  Academic Press, London 2009. [xi].   Plassman, H., O’Doherty, J., Shiv, B., Rangel, A.  Marketing Actions Can Modulate Neural Representations of Experienced Pleasantness.  Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. (USA) 105:1050-1054, 2008. [xii].  Dai, X., Fishbach, A.  When Waiting to Choose Increases Patience.  Org. Behav. Hum. Decision Proc. 2013.  http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.obhdp.2013.01.007 [xiii].  Mitchell, V.-W., Walsh, G.  Gender differences in German consumer decision-making.  J. Consum. Behav. 3:331-346, 2004. [xiv].  Kahneman, D., Knetsch, J., Thaler, R. Anomalies: The Endowment Effect, Loss Aversion, and Status QuoBias.  J. Econ. Perspect. 5:193-206, 1991. [xv].   Brown, D.E., 2000. Human universals and their implications, in Being humans: Anthropological Universality and Particularity in Transdisplinary Perspectives  (ed. N. Roughley). Walter de Gruyter, New York 2000.[xvi].  Platt, M., Padoa-Schioppa, C.  Neuronal Representations of Value, in Neuroeconomics: Decision Making and the Brain (eds. P. Glimcher, C. Camerer, E. Fehr, R.A. Poldrack). Academic Press, London 2009.[xvii].  Mayr, U., Harbaugh, W.T., Tankersley, D. Neuroeconomics of Charitable Giving and Philanthropy, in Neuroeconomics: Decision Making and the Brain (eds. P. Glimcher, C. Camerer, E. Fehr, R.A. Poldrack). Academic Press, London 2009.[xviii].  Glazer, A., Konrad, K.  A Signaling Explanation for Charity.  Am. Econ. Rev. 86:1019-1028, 1996.Appendix I: Survey QuestionsSurvey 1 was conducted between March 14 and 16, 2012. The only entry criteria were 18 years old or greater and within the U.S. 596 subjects responded.1. Are you male or female? o Male o Female2. Which category below includes your age?o 17 or youngero 18-20o  21-29o  30-39o  40-49o  50-59o  60 or olderEducationo  Less than high schoolo  High school degreeo  Some collegeo Associate or bachelor degreeo Graduate degree3. Are you White, Black or African-American, American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, or some other race?o  Whiteo  Black or African-Americano  American Indian or Alaskan Nativeo  Asiano  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islandero  From multiple races4. Are you now married, widowed, divorced, separated, or never married?o  Marriedo  Widowedo  Divorcedo  Separatedo  Never married5.  Compared to my neighbors, I am:o Better offo Worse offo The same6.  What would you rather have:o $100 when everyone else has $50o $150 when everyone else has $3007.  You are going to a friend’s wedding.  Your neighbor, who is better off than you, is also going.  He tells you how much money he is giving as a wedding gift.  You decide to give:o Lesso Moreo The same8.  You receiveby mistake one package with a bottle of a luxury skin cream and another package with two bottles of the same size of a drug store skin cream.  You see on the packing slips that the two packages are worth the same. The shipper asks you to return one.  Which do you return? o The luxury creamo The two drug store creams9.  You are considering a certain model of a new car. Your neighbor, who is better off than you, buys that same car and parks it on his driveway.  You can pay a little more for a better model of the same car.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $500o $501 - $1,000o $1,001 - $2,000o $2,001 - $5,000o Over $5,00010.  You are on your way to the mall to buy a new pair of designer jeans you have admired.  On your way you pass a thrift shop and the pair of designer jeans you had in mind is in the window.  When you get to the mall are you:o Less likely to buyo More likely to buyo No difference11.  You are considering a new bedroom set.  Your neighbor, who is better off than you, buys that same bedroom set.  You can pay a little more for a better set.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50012.  You are going to a charity event with a group of friends.  Your neighbor, who is worse off than you, is alsogoing.  He tells you how much money he is going to donate.  You decide to donate:o Lesso Moreo The same13.  You are considering a new prestige watch. Your neighbor, who is worse off than you, buys that same watch and wears it all the time.  You can pay a little more for a better model of the same watch.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50014.  At a store you are told you have won one of two prizes of equal value.  One prize is two bottles of a common wine and the other is one bottle of a premium wine.  The common wine bottles are available right away but you have to wait for the luxury wine bottle. How long are you willing to wait?o Not at all o Up to 1 houro 1 to 6 hourso Up to 1 dayo 1 day to 1 weeko More than 1 week15.  You are considering a new top line refrigerator. Your see that your neighbor, who is worse off than you, buys that same refrigerator because you see the carton on the curb for garbage collection.  You can pay a little more for a bettermodel of refrigerator.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50016.  You receive a sweater as a gift that you like very much and are planning to wear to a party.  One day you see a homeless person wearing the same sweater.  Will you still wear the sweater to the party?o Yeso No17. You admire a neighbor who is always dressed with designer clothes, drives a luxury car and wears expensive jewelry.  You are invited to your neighbor’s home and there you see common brand furniture, mid-range kitchen appliances, and drug store brands in the bathroom.  You decide:o My neighbor is a discerning shoppero My neighbor is a hypocriteSurvey 2 was conducted between September 28 and October 3, 2012.  The only entry criterion was 18 years old or greater in the U.S.  524 subjects responded.1. Are you male or female? o Male o Female2. Which category below includes your age?o 17 or youngero 18-20o  21-29o  30-39o  40-49o  50-59o  60 or older3. Educationo  Less than high schoolo  High school degreeo  Some collegeo Associate or bachelor degreeo Graduate degree4. Are you White, Black or African-American, American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, or some other race?o  Whiteo  Black or African-Americano  American Indian or Alaskan Nativeo  Asiano  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islandero  From multiple races5.  Are you now married, widowed, divorced, separated, or never married?o  Marriedo  Widowedo  Divorcedo  Separatedo  Never married6.  Compared to my neighbors, I am:o Better offo Worse offo The same7.  What would you rather have:o $100 when everyone else has $25o $150 when everyone else has $6008. You are considering a certain model of a new car.  Your neighbor, who is worse off than you, buys that same car and parks it on his driveway.  You can pay a little more for a better model of the same car.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $500o $501 - $1,000o $1,001 - $2,000o $2,001 - $5,000o Over $5,0009. You by a luxury cream and by mistake a second package is also delivered with two bottles of the same size drug store cream.  The shipper asks you to return one.  Which do you return?o The luxury creamo The two drug store creams10.  You receive a gift certificate for custom-made shirts from a small tailoring shop.  For a fee they offer to stitch a famous logo of your choice onto the shirt.  How much are you willing to pay for the logo? o Noneo Up to $5o $6 - $10o $11 - $20o $21 - $50o Over $5011.  You go shopping for a luxury watch and at the first store you find one similar to the one you were thinking about for a price that you can afford.  Do you buy it or continue shopping?o Continue shoppingo Buy it12.  You receive an unexpected and large inheritance that will help you and your family.  You go to a professionalfinancial advisor to decide how to invest it.  He tells you that the world news and indications from the stock market suggest one investment, but his intuition is that the money should be invested in a contrary way.  Which investment do you make?o The one based on the advisor’s intuitiono The one based on the market news13.  You are considering a new prestige watch. Your neighbor, who is better off than you, buys that same watch andwears it all the time.  You can pay a little more for a better model of the same watch.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50014.  You buy a luxury cream and by mistake a second package is also delivered with five bottles of the same size drug store cream. The shipper asks you to return one.  Which do you return?o The five drug store creamso The luxury cream15.  You are considering a new bedroom set. Your neighbor, who is worse off than you, buys that same bedroomset.  You can pay a little more for a better set.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50016.  You see that your neighbor has a luxury car and wears a luxury watch, but when you are invited inside his home, you see he has common brands of kitchen appliances and furniture.  You conclude your neighbor is:o  A discerning shoppero  A phony17.  You are considering a new top line refrigerator.  Your neighbor, who is better off than you, buys that samerefrigerator.  You can pay a little more for a better model of refrigerator.  How much more are you willing to pay?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50018.  You buy a luxury cream and by mistake a second package is also delivered with five bottles of the same size drug store cream. The shipper asks you to return one.  Which do you return?o The three drug store creamso The luxury cream19.  You are not feeling well and go to see a doctor.  He tells you that the medical literature and clinical studies tell him it is one disease, but he says his intuition says that it is another.  The two diseases requiredifferent surgeries.  Which treatment do you choose?o The one from the doctor’s intuitiono The one from the medical literatureSurvey 3 was conducted between January 4 and 6, 2014.  The only entry criteria were 18 years old or greater and within the U.S.  520 subjects responded.1.   Are you male or female? o Male o Female2. Which category below includes your age?o 17 or youngero 18-20o  21-29o  30-39o  40-49o  50-59o  60 or older3. Educationo  Less than high schoolo  High school degreeo  Some collegeo  Associate or bachelor degreeo  Graduate degree4.  Are you White, Black or African-American, American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, or some other race?o  Whiteo  Black or African-Americano  American Indian or Alaskan Nativeo  Asiano  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islandero  From multiple races5.  Are you now married, widowed, divorced, separated, or never married?o  Marriedo  Widowedo  Divorcedo  Separatedo  Never married6.  Compared to my neighbors, I am:o Better offo Worse offo The same7.  What would you rather have:o $100 when everyone else has $75o $150 when everyone else has $1758. You by a luxury cream and by mistake a second package is also delivered with five bottles of the same size drug store cream.  The shipper asks you to keep one and return one.  Which do you keep?o  The luxury creamo  The five drug store creams9.  In the last month I bought a luxury item for myselfo  Not at allo  That very few others know abouto That others will see10.  You win a contest and you can receive a white blouse from a well-known manufacturer immediately, or you canwait and receive a similarly priced blouse in the latest style in the season’s most fashionable color.  How long will you wait for the fashion blouse, if at all?o Not at all o Up to 1 houro 1 to 6 hourso Up to 1 dayo 1 day to 1 weeko More than 1 week11. You receive an inheritance of a prestigious sculpture by a well-known artist.  You can display it inside your home, or you can display it outside your home if you pay a local government tax.  How much are you willing to pay in taxto display the sculpture?o Noneo Up to $50o $51 - $100o $101 - $200o $201 - $500o Over $50012.  You go shopping for a common everyday watch and at the first store you find one similar to the one you were thinking about for a price that you can afford.  Do you buy it or continue shopping?o Continue shoppingo Buy it13.  I would consider an anti-aging product:o So I don’t look close to being oldo So I look closer to being youngo I would not consider it14.  You see a neighbor has expensive luxury cars parked in his driveway.  When you are invited into his house, you see that it is barely furnished with simple furniture.  You conclude that this neighbor is:o A careful shoppero A show-off 15. I would rather have: o A more costly luxury item that no one could see o A less costly luxury item that everyone could see. Appendix II: Survey Demographics    Copyright @ Dan Yarosh. All rights reserved.    View on Mobile



Allure Magazine Names Remergent® DNA Repair Formula Best of Beauty




















































coatings.specialchem.com


adhesives.specialchem.com


omnexus.specialchem.com


cosmetics.specialchem.com


polymer-additives.specialchem.com


specialchem4bio.com


specialchem.com





Login

Forgot password?



No account? Register for free




Welcome back, 
My Profile

My Interests

My Subscriptions

My Courses & Tutorials


Logout





The Universal Selection Source: Cosmetics Ingredients




All types
Author
CAS Number
Documents
INCI
News
Patents
Products
Supplier
Trade name











Universal Selector





Supplier Listing





Innovation Resources







Open Innovation





Open Requests


Participate


About Open Innovation










A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More







Video Tutorials 



All Tutorials (26) 



Cosmetics Courses & Trainings 



Check Upcoming Courses (16) 


Start an On-Demand Course (110) 










Next Course
FTIR Made Easy for Better Identification of Plastics
Aug 29, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
UV/ EB Coatings: Optimizing Curing in Practice
Aug 30, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
Thermoplastics Composites Interface Optimization
Aug 31, 2017


More info and registration







Tech Resources



Tech Library


Selection Guides


Latest Patents


Formulations


Webinars & Videos





News & Community



News


Industry Events


Subscribe to our Newsletters









Channels







Channels




Decorative Cosmetics



Hair Care



in-cosmetics 




Natural/ Organic



Skin Care



Sun Care





More Channels



Perfume & Fragrances




Toiletries



Show all Channels







Register







Register for free






Find 160,000+ Product Technical Datasheets in our Universal Selectors


Access expert knowledge for a richer and faster product selection (Online Courses, Selection Guides, Articles…)






Stay up-to-date with industry and product news thanks to newsletters and alerts


Join 500,000+ registered members. One-time registration to access multiple industries!






It only takes 2 minutes




Continue



















Home
News
Allure Magazine Names Remergent DNA Repair Formula Best of Beauty



Print
Send

Share












Industry News



Allure Magazine Names Remergent® DNA Repair Formula Best of Beauty



Published on 2007-09-26. Author :
SpecialChem









 FREEPORT, N.Y. -- AGI Dermatics, the bio- pharmaceutical
laboratory that pioneered DNA research for skincare, announced DNA Repair Formula
was named the best Morning Anti-Aging Treatment at the Annual Allure Best of Beauty
Awards which took place on Monday September 17, 2007. The award ceremony was held
in The Rainbow Room at Rockefeller Center on Monday night, where Allure presented
beauty's best products with their seal of approval.Remergent
DNA Repair Formula came out on top of the beauty pack, taking home the Best Morning
Anti-Aging Treatment Award. Remergent DNA Repair Formula is a proprietary twice-a-day
serum to encourage the skin's DNA repair mechanism to self-correct, treat past
damage, and resist future injury when used with a sunscreen. Available only from
medical professionals, the 7-product Remergent line is the first product line
to use sophisticated formulas to target DNA repair, barrier re-building, pigmentary
issues, discolorations from the sun and other skin concerns. This is not the first
time Allure has awarded DNA Repair Formula for being an outstanding product. In
their October 2006 issue, DNA Repair was named a Beauty Breakthrough of the year."We
are so pleased that Allure and its team of beauty experts have validated what
top doctors across the country believe about Remergent DNA Repair Formula,"
said Daniel Yarosh, Ph.D., President of AGI Dermatics.Allure
is not the only beauty expert singing the praises of DNA Repair Formula. Dr. James
Spencer Professor of Clinical Dermatology, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New
York says "For the first time, an over-the-counter product has been shown
to penetrate the skin with ingredients that may repair DNA damage. It stands to
reason that if DNA Repair is used consistently it will reduce the risk of wrinkles
or sun cancer".Also, Dr. Tina Alster says "Remergent
DNA Repair helps restore thymine dimers, which are pieces of DNA broken by UV
exposure. This product is really helpful for people with a lot of sun damage."Allure
was established in 1991 and is geared toward the professional modern woman interested
in fashion, beauty and fitness. Allure includes the latest fashions, beauty tips
and makeovers, reviews of salons and spas nationwide and articles concerning skin
care and mental health. Over the years Allure has become known as "the beauty
bible" and is the go-to source for all things of and about the beauty industry.ABOUT
DR. DANIEL YAROSH: Daniel B. Yarosh, PhD, is President and Chairman of the Board,
AGI Dermatics. He served as a National Science Foundation Fellow at Brookhaven
National Laboratory, Upton, New York, and then a Staff Fellow and Cancer Expert
at the National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda,
Maryland. In 1985, Dr. Yarosh founded AGI Dermatics, with an emphasis on the commercial
application of DNA repair. He is the inventor of Dimericine® (T4N5 liposome
lotion), which is a liposomal DNA repair enzyme for the prevention of skin cancer.
The drug is now being tested in patients with high skin cancer risk, patients
with organ transplants and those with the genetic disease xeroderma pigmentosum.Remergent
is formulated by AGI Dermatics, the bio-pharmaceutical laboratory that has led
the research of DNA repair of the skin for more than 20 years. Founded by Daniel
B. Yarosh, PhD, AGI Dermatics specializes in skin photobiology, dedicating research
and development to DNA repair, solar impact on the immune system, and cell-signaling
in skin. The company's application of groundbreaking active ingredients and meticulously
engineered liposome delivery systems is validated in controlled clinical studies
and published in dozens of peer-reviewed scientific and medical journals.Source:
AGI Dermatics

  


External links 



Know how to Select the Right Surfactant for your Emulsions 
Get Insider Knowledge to Better Select your Additives & Solve your Cosmetics Formulation Issues...





Be the first to comment on "Allure Magazine Names Remergent® DNA Repair Formula Best of Beauty"










Leave a comment







Want to comment? Please, simply login or register.






Login

No Account yet? Register for freeForgot Password ?






Comment *





Rate this Content 

















Your email address and name will not be published
submitting a comment or rating implies your acceptance to SpecialChem Terms & Conditions


















Channel Alerts

Receive weekly digests on hot topics




Receive your alerts















Quick Navigation


Marketing services

Online courses

Program analytics

Become an expert

About us

Careers

Contact us






Stay connected
Subscribe to our Newsletters


Subscribe

Follow us  on LinkedIn
Follow us  on Twitter
Subscribe to our  Youtube channel





Copyright © SpecialChem 2017 | Visit www.specialchem.com
Terms and Conditions | Cookie policy






Back to Top






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Production Of CPD Glycosylases - Yarosh, Daniel B. 




































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Production Of CPD Glycosylases                





                United States Patent Application 20100112642            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            Recombinant forms of DNA sequences for CPD glycosylases, including the bacteriophage T4 gene denV, are described that are capable of expression at high levels. Active CPD glycosylases can be recovered from inclusion bodies resulting from the high expression using, for example, a homogenization process which employs stream mixing, and the active proteins can be used in, for example, topical formulations for treatment of photosensitive diseases. Stream mixing can also be used to solubilize inclusion bodies containing proteins other than CPD glycosylases.        















Inventors:

                            Yarosh, Daniel B. (US)                
                            Estis, Leonard F. (US)                
                            Kraus, Elyahu (US)                




Application Number:

            12/687492        



Publication Date:

            05/06/2010        



Filing Date:

            01/14/2010        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 





Primary Class:

435/71.2 



Other Classes:

                                    435/252.8                            



International Classes:

C12P21/04; C12N1/20 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20100112642                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20030224396Regulation of human aminotransferase-like enzymeDecember, 2003Xiao20100047828SOLID-PHASE DETECTION OF TERMINAL MONOSACCHARIDES CLEAVED FROM GLYCOSYLATED SUBSTRATESFebruary, 2010Sorensen et al.20090017437FIXATIVE COMPOSITIONJanuary, 2009Boon20080269258Riboswitches, Structure-Based Compound Design with Riboswitches, and Methods and Compositions for Use of and with RiboswitchesOctober, 2008Breaker et al.20070184439Markers for detection of gastric cancerAugust, 2007Guilford et al.20010014321Serum free medium for culturing CD34 positive cellsAugust, 2001Brown20080045443Compositions for Inhibiting plexin-A1-DAP12 interactions and Methods of Treating Inflammatory, Autoimmune or Bone Resorption Diseases Using the SameFebruary, 2008Kikutani et al.20060257373Antifungal formulation containing Streptomyces s.p.p., method for preparing the composition and relevant useNovember, 2006Tzeng et al.20090300790Shine clade of transcription factors and their useDecember, 2009Aharoni et al.20080280361PREPARATION AND USE OF PLANT EMBRYO EXPLANTS FOR TRANSFORMATIONNovember, 2008Calabotta et al.20090075933CYTOCOMPATIBLE ALGINATE GELSMarch, 2009Basu et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Estee, Lauder Companies (Ste. 345 S., 155  Pinelawn Road, Melville, NY, 11747, US)                





Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1. A culture of cells that produces a CPD glycosylase protein wherein for at least one period of at least ten minutes, at least 25 weight percent of the total protein produced by the culture during the period is the CPD glycosylase protein.                    
                    2. The culture of claim 1 wherein the CPD glycosylase protein is T4 endonuclease V.                    
                    3. A method for producing a CPD glycosylase protein comprising: (a) culturing cells which produce the CPD glycosylase protein; and (b) collecting the CPD glycosylase protein; wherein the CPD glycosylase protein comprises at least 25 weight percent of the total protein produced by the cells during step (a).                    
                    4. The method of claim 3 wherein the CPD glycosylase protein is T4 endonuclease V.                    
                    5. A method for producing a protein comprising: (a) culturing cells which produce the protein, at least some of said protein being in inclusions bodies; and (b) collecting the protein; wherein in step (b), at least part of the protein produced by the cells in step (a) is subjected to a mixing process that comprises: (i) forming two or more flowing streams at least one of which contains inclusion bodies which contain the protein, and (ii) impinging the streams on one another to disrupt at least some of the inclusion bodies.                    
                    6. The method of claim 5 wherein the at least one flowing stream which contains inclusion bodies containing the protein comprises intact cells.                    
                    7. The method of claim 5 wherein the at least one flowing stream which contains inclusion bodies containing the protein comprises disrupted cells.                    
                    8. The method of claim 5 wherein: (i) at least one of the flowing streams has a velocity V1 prior to the impingement, and (ii) the impingement produces a stream that has a velocity V2, where V1 minus V2 is greater than or equal to 90 meters/second.                    
                    9. The method of claim 5 wherein: (i) at least one of the flowing streams has a velocity greater than or equal to 100 meters/second prior to the impingement, and (ii) the impingement produces a stream that has a velocity which is less than 10 meters/second.                    
                    10. The method of claim 5 wherein the protein is a CPD glycosylase protein.                    




Description:

CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONThis application is a divisional of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 11/478,293 filed Jun. 29, 2006, which in turn claims the benefit under 35 USC §119(e) of U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/696,256 filed Jul. 1, 2005, the contents of which in its entirety is hereby incorporated by reference.FIELD OF THE INVENTIONThis invention relates to the production of CPD glycosylases. More particular, in accordance with certain of its aspects, the invention relates to expression of genes coding for CPD glycosylases. In accordance with further aspects, it relates to methods for achieving recovery of enzyme activity of expressed CPD glycosylases and other proteins.DEFINITIONSAs used herein, the following terms and phrases shall have the following meanings:The word “protein” is used broadly and includes any molecule that includes a sequence of two or more amino acids connected together. A “protein” thus includes, without limitation, a peptide, a polypeptide, a protein as conventionally known, and a complex of peptides, polypeptides, and/or proteins.A “CPD glycosylase protein” is a protein that binds to a cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer in DNA and produces an alkaline-labile site in the DNA at the site of the cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer.An “alkaline-labile site” is a site which can be cleaved by alkaline conditions, or by the CPD glycosylase, or by another protein with apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease activity to produce a DNA strand break.As discussed in the literature (for example, see Dodson and Lloyd, 1989), it is currently believed that the glycosylase action of a CPD glycosylase is mediated via an imino intermediate between the Cl′ of the sugar of the DNA and an amino group in the glycosylase. For typical CPD glycosylases, a β-elimination reaction then follows at the resulting abasic site, causing a cleavage of the phosphodiester bond of the DNA.A “stream mixer” is a mixing device wherein at least part of the mixing comprises: (1) forming two or more flowing streams, which may have the same or different compositions, and (2) impinging the streams on one another.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTIONA. The CPD Glycosylase DNA Repair EnzymesDNA repair is a function essential to every living organism. A DNA repair enzyme is a protein which contributes to the restoration of damaged DNA to its native state. See Ronen and Glickman, 2001; Sancar et al., 2004; J. A. Nickoloff and M. F. Hoekstra, eds., DNA Damage and Repair, Volumes I and II 1998. The types of DNA repair enzymes found in human and mammalian cells generally are found in other organisms. Additional types of DNA repair enzymes may be found in non-mammalian organisms, such as photolyases.Particularly important DNA repair enzymes are the cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer glycosylases, known as CPD glycosylases. For example, the CPD glycosylase product of the bacteriophage T4 denV gene, specifically known as T4 endonuclease V, has become an important protein with wide application in research and in emerging pharmaceutical products (see U.S. Pat. Nos. '211, '231, '389).The CPD glycosylases have a specificity for cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers in DNA in which, as currently understood in the art, the glycosylase action is mediated via an imino intermediate between the Cl′ of the sugar of the DNA and an amino group in the glycosylase, followed typically by a β-elimination reaction resulting in cleavage of the phosphodiester bond of the DNA. As also currently understood in the art, the protein releases the 5′ pyrimidine of the cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer from the sugar of the DNA (hence the term glycosylase), which creates an apyrimidinic site in the DNA which is very sensitive to hydrolysis under alkaline conditions. CPD glycosylases have been identified in many different organisms, in some cases by purification, in other cases by detecting the unique activity of this protein in an extract, and in still other cases, the presence of the protein has been deduced from the close homology of the putative amino acid sequence of the protein coded by a nucleotide sequence to known CPD glycosylase proteins.Attempts to express the CPD glycosylase, T4 endonuclease V, in large amounts have been disappointing. After bacteriophage T4 DNA enters its E. coli host, the denV gene is transcribed to produce T4 endonuclease V only within the first 2 minutes of infection. The first DNA clones containing the denV gene were unstable (Lloyd and Hanawalt, 1981). Stable cloning of the entire intact gene has proved to be impossible because the nucleotide sequences in this region of the phage genome are lethal to the host, and scientists have speculated that it is likely because the endogenous promoter is too strong for constitutive expression in E. coli (Valerie et al., 1986a, Chenevert, 1986). In fact, sequence analysis of the early gene promoters, including the denV promoter, shows that their consensus sequence is significantly different than that of the host consensus promoter sequence derived from analysis of 112 E. coli genes (Liebig and Rüger, 1989). These authors note that “strong promoters can be cloned stably only when one or several strong terminators of transcription are inserted downstream from the cloning site” (p532).Ultimately the native denV structural gene was cloned by piecing together fragments of the gene without its native promoter (Valerie et al., 1984; Radany et al., 1984). The sequence is listed in the National Center for Biotechnology Information Gene database as GenelD 1258606, and it is the native structural gene sequence without the promoter that we refer to herein as the native denV gene.Once cloned, the native denV gene was placed downstream of various promoters. In one case, the gene was positioned downstream of the λ phage leftward operator and the rightward promoter (OLPR; Recinos et al., 1986). Expression from the unrepressed promoter in a variety of E. coli host strains resulted in T4 endonuclease V levels no more than 0.2% of total cellular protein. Growth temperatures above 25° C. and glucose levels above 0.05% inhibited denV gene expression, although these conditions are ordinarily beneficial to the host cell growth.In a second case, the native denV gene was placed under the control of the E. coli TAC promoter, whose expression is induced by the lactose analog isopropyl-thiogalactoside (IPTG; Chenevert et al., 1986). Induction of T4 endonuclease V from this expression vector in E. coli produced filamentation and cell death. Chenevert et al. report that the denV protein was 10% of the total cell protein based on a single gel (Chenevert et al., 1986: FIG. 5). In connection with the development of the present invention, more than a dozen fermentations at commercial scale showed that this expression vector is only able to produce T4 endonuclease V at about 1% of total protein (see Table 8 of Example 4 below).Chenevert et al. also cloned the native denV gene under the control of the yeast GAL1 and ADH promoters; however, they reported neither the efficiency of expression of T4 endonuclease V nor the effect on cell growth in induced yeast (Chenevert et al., 1986). Significantly, they reported that the construct made wild type yeast more sensitive to UV, not more resistant as would be expected if the expressed enzyme was compatible with cell viability. Valerie et al. (1986b) cloned the native denV gene under the control of the yeast AAH5 promoter, and they found that the induced construct did not change the growth characteristics or cell morphology of the yeast host. They reported that the T4 endonuclease was estimated to be “several percent” of total protein by scanning of a single gel (Valerie et al. 1986b: FIG. 2), but this may be an overestimate since the gel is clearly overloaded with protein. They found that the construct in UV-sensitive yeast recombinants increased UV resistance.The native denV gene has also been placed under the control of a CaMV 35S promoter and transferred into tobacco plants (Lapointe et al., 1996). The amount of T4 endonuclease V produced in the plant was not reported. As in the case of some yeast systems, the construct increased, rather than decreased, the sensitivity of the plants to UV and alkylating agents, i.e., the construct lacked DNA repair activity.Attempts to improve T4 endonuclease V by changing the native denV gene nucleic acid sequence, resulting in a change in the amino acid sequence, have not met with success. For over a decade, the Lloyd laboratory modified the T4 endonuclease V amino acid sequence either by recombinant selection or by site-directed mutagenesis. Dodson and Lloyd (1989) summarized the effect of changes in the amino acid sequence on T4 endonuclease V activity. None of the dozens of recombinants that were reviewed showed greater activity than the native denV sequence, and many proved to be unstable in the cell.Other laboratories, such as the Henderson laboratory (Green et al., 1993) and the Ohtsuka laboratory (Ishida et al., 1990; Doi et al., 1992; Hori et al., 1992) made numerous changes in the sequence of the native denV gene, resulting in substitutions in the amino acid sequence of the enzyme, all without significantly increasing the enzyme activity. The single exception from the Lloyd laboratory was a change in tyrosine at position 129 to a less polar aromatic amino acid, such as phenylalanine (see U.S. Pat. No. 5,308,762). This resulted in an increase in specific activity, but only under conditions of low salt. As these are not physiological conditions, this recombinant enzyme has no therapeutic value.Attempts have been made to change the nucleotide sequence of the native denV without altering the amino acid sequence, but they have been unsuccessful. The first attempt was to change two AUA isoleucine codons (nucleotides 103-105, 137-139) to the AUC triplet, which did not change expression levels (Recinos et al., 1986). The Ohtsuka laboratory constructed a synthetic denV gene. They did not change the amino acid sequence, but did change the nucleotide sequence, for the purpose in their words, “to introduce extra restriction sites and to facilitate enzymatic rejoining with DNA ligase by avoiding self-complementary joining sites” (Inaoka et al., 1989). The gene was cloned under control of the trp promoter, and after induction the amount of T4 endonuclease V was reported to be about 15% of the total protein.Standard expression systems for T4 endonuclease V or even Inaoka et al.'s system (collectively, systems which produce T4 endonuclease V at a level less than or equal to 15 percent of total protein) are unsatisfactory for commercial purposes, e.g., pharmaceutical purposes. Host E. coli contain the HU-a protein that is very similar in size and charge to T4 endonuclease V, and this protein contaminates preparations of T4 endonuclease V. These contaminants are not sufficiently removed by standard purification methods used in industrial scale purification, such as size exclusion or ion exchange. The resulting preparations inevitably contain >10% HU-α contamination.The commercial practitioner is thus faced with a dilemma: it can increase purity by reducing the yield, but this makes the product too costly for commercialization; or it can increase the yield by reducing the purity, but this makes the product unacceptably contaminated for pharmaceutical use.B. High Expression and the Production of Inclusion BodiesIn addition to the foregoing difficulties, high expression of proteins in host cells causes the proteins to be expressed as inclusion bodies. These are precipitated or coagulated accumulations of inactive proteins that are insoluble. Inclusion bodies therefore are lost to further purification, and the increased production of a protein from an expression vector is of no value if the proteins are not recovered and/or they are not in active form. Inclusion bodies are a significant problem for high expression vector systems.Prior attempts to deal with the inclusion problem have included the use of high hydrostatic pressure to refold protein aggregates (St. John et al., 1999; Hesterberg et al., 2005). This process is unsatisfactory for three main reasons: (1) the process uses volumes that are fixed by the size of the vessel, which is especially problematic in scaling up to commercial volumes, because each increase in scale requires that a new vessel must be built and validated; (2) the high pressure of the hydrostatic pressure method (29,000 psi) is more difficult and costly to achieve and maintain than lower pressures; and (3) the hydrostatic method still requires that the cells be lysed before processing.As recently discussed by Kathy Liszewski in the Oct. 15, 2003 edition of Genetic Engineering News, there is no universal solution to the inclusion body problem. The approach by the current state of the art is to recover the inclusion bodies and attempt to refold them. Lieszweski quotes Paul Haney, Ph.D., senior research scientist at Pierce Biotechnology as saying, “Refolding proteins can be a cumbersome and time-consuming task, since refolding conditions have to be optimized for each protein in order to promote formation of the native fold and to prevent protein aggregation. There is no universal refolding buffer system.” The solution thus must be found for each individual protein, and there is no guarantee that a solution can be found.C. Summary of the State of the ArtAs shown by the history of the cloning of T4 endonuclease V set forth above and as discussed by Dr. Claes Gustafsson in Genetic Engineering News, 2005, the design of expression vectors is not at all an exact or routine undertaking Consequently, high expression vectors for CPD glycosylases and, in particular, for T4 endonuclease V (i.e., expression vectors capable of producing the protein at levels equal to or greater than 25% of cellular protein) have not existed in the art. Alterations in the amino acid sequence have failed to increase yield or activity of T4 endonuclease V. Similarly, alterations in the nucleotide sequence coding for T4 endonuclease V have not produced significantly increased yield or activity.The real and perceived barriers to high expression and recovery of CPD glycosylases have been:(1) The art has not recognized that nucleotide sequences for CPD glycosylases have been optimized by evolution for expression at low levels consistent with the other functions of the cell. For example, the denV gene sequence has been optimized by evolution for the fastest and highest level of expression only during the early phase of phage T4 infection and for shutdown thereafter.(2) The art has erroneously believed that high levels of CPD glycosylases, e.g., T4 endonuclease V, cannot be achieved because supposedly such levels are lethal to the cell, e.g., E. coli. (3) Proteins expressed at high levels typically form inclusion bodies, which are insoluble and inactive, and the art has not developed efficient and economical techniques for recovering activity from proteins in inclusion bodies, and, in particular, recovering DNA repair activity from CPD glycosylase proteins in inclusion bodies.SUMMARY OF THE INVENTIONFor ease of presentation, the aspects of the invention relating to DNA coding will be discussed in terms of a set of “rules.” Table 1 contains what are designated as “Prior Art Rules” since they have been previously employed to optimized DNA sequences for expression in, for example, E. coli. Table 2 contains two groups of codons that are used in what will be referred to herein as the “Codon Selection Rules.” The Codon Selection Rules state:(1) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least one codon from Group A for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least one codon from Group B for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein; and/or(2) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least two codons from Group A for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least two codons from Group B for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein; and/or(3) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least three codons from Group A for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least three codons from Group B for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein.In certain preferred embodiments, both the Prior Art Rules and the Codon Selection Rules are used, with the Codon Selection Rules taking precedence over the Prior Art Rules in the case of a conflict between the two sets of rules.In accordance with a first aspect, the invention thus provides an isolated, synthetic, and/or recombinant polynucleotide which employs the Codon Selection Rules. In particular the invention provides an isolated, synthetic, and/or recombinant polynucleotide comprising:  (a) a nucleotide sequence encoding a CPD glycosylase protein; and/or(b) a complement of the nucleotide sequence, wherein the complement and the nucleotide sequence consist of the same number of nucleotides and are 100% complementary;  wherein:   (I) Groups A and B represent the following codons for the following amino acids:Amino AcidCodonGroup ATyrosineTAC GlycineGGT ValineGTT SerineTCT AlanineGCT or GCA Group BIsoleucineATC PhenylalanineTTC Aspartic AcidGAC HistidineCAC  and (II) the nucleotide sequence comprises:  (a) at least one codon from Group A for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein and at least one codon from Group B for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein; and/or(b) at least two codons from Group A for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein and at least two codons from Group B for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein; and/or(c) at least three codons from Group A for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein and at least three codons from Group B for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the CPD glycosylase protein.  In accordance with a second aspect, the invention provides a cell comprising a CPD glycosylase protein wherein the CPD glycosylase protein comprises at least 25 weight percent of the total protein of the cell. In accordance with this aspect, the level of CPD glycosylase protein can be determined by obtaining a sample of a culture of the cells, washing the cells to remove the growth medium, and then determining the total protein content of the cells and the CPD glycosylase protein. Typically, the 25 weight percent level will be achieved towards the end of the fermentation process.In the case of cells that are engineered to excrete the CPD glycosylase protein, the weight percent in the cells may be lower than in cells which retain the protein. In the case of such excreting cells (as well as cells that do not excrete or do not substantially excrete), the invention in accordance with a third aspect provides a culture of cells that produces a CPD glycosylase protein wherein for at least one period of at least ten minutes, at least 25 weight percent of the total protein produced by the culture during the period is the CPD glycosylase protein.In accordance with a fourth aspect, the invention provides a method for producing a CPD glycosylase protein comprising:(a) culturing cells which produce the CPD glycosylase protein; and(b) collecting the CPD glycosylase protein;wherein the CPD glycosylase protein comprises at least 25 weight percent of the total protein produced by the cells during step (a).In accordance with a fifth aspect, the invention provides a method for producing a protein (e.g., a CPD glycosylase protein) comprising:(a) culturing cells which produce the protein, at least some of said protein being in inclusions bodies; and(b) collecting the protein;wherein in step (b), at least part of the protein produced by the cells in step (a) is subjected to a mixing process that comprises: (i) forming two or more flowing streams at least one of which contains inclusion bodies which contain the protein, and (ii) impinging the streams on one another to disrupt at least some of the inclusion bodies.In accordance with these aspects of the invention, the at least one flowing stream which contains the protein can contain intact cells, disrupted cells, or combinations thereof.In certain embodiments of this aspect of the invention, at least one of the flowing streams has a velocity V1 prior to the impingement and the impingement produces a stream that has a velocity V2, where V1 minus V2 is greater than or equal to 90 meters/second. For example, at least one of the flowing streams can have a velocity greater than or equal to 100 meters/second (e.g., a velocity of at least 150 meters/second) prior to the impingement, and the impingement can produce a stream that has a velocity which is less than 10 meters/second (e.g., a velocity of approximately 1 meter/second). As a specific example, two flowing streams each having a velocity greater than or equal to 100 meters/second prior to the impingement can form a single stream as a result of the impingement that has a velocity which is less than 10 meters/second. Other stream configurations can be used as desired, e.g., the two or more flowing streams can form more than one stream after the impingement.Although not wishing to be bound by any particular theory of operation, it is believed that stream mixing of a solution containing bacteria causes the bacteria to collide and break apart and in addition causes inclusion bodies of coagulated protein within the bacteria to also collide and break apart, resulting in solubilization of the protein contained in the inclusion bodies. If the bacteria are disrupted prior to stream mixing, the stream mixer no longer needs to break up the bacteria, but still serves to break up and thus solubilize the protein contained in inclusion bodies.If the stream mixing is performed on intact cells, microscopic examination of the solution resulting from the mixing will preferably reveal no intact bacterial cells. As to inclusion bodies, if a solution produced by stream mixing is centrifuged to remove insoluble components, the supernatant will preferably contain at least 50% (more preferably at least 75%) of the protein contained in inclusion bodies prior to stream mixing. As a specific example, such centrifugation can be performed for 15 minutes using a Beckman Avanti J-20 centrifuge equipped with a JLA 8.1000 rotor and operating at 8,000 rpm, which produces 15,900×G, or with equivalent equipment.The stream mixing aspects of the invention are preferably used with CPD glycosylases but can also be used with other proteins. Such other proteins preferably have molecular weights of less than 60,000 daltons, i.e., they contain less than about 600 amino acids. Such relatively small proteins have limited numbers of three dimensional configurations and thus when acted upon by the stream mixing process have a high likelihood of refolding into their native configuration. Enzymes are typical examples of such small proteins. As specific examples, stream mixing has been found to successfully recover active enzyme from inclusion bodies containing 8-oxoguanine glycosylase (OGG1), as well as inclusion bodies containing photolyase from Anacystis nidulans (see Example 6 below).Additional features and advantages of the invention are set forth in the detailed description which follows, and in part will be readily apparent to those skilled in the art from that description or recognized by practicing the invention as described herein.It is to be understood that both the foregoing general description and the following detailed description are merely exemplary of the invention, and are intended to provide an overview or framework for understanding the nature and character of the invention as it is claimed. Also, the above listed aspects of the invention, as well as the preferred and other embodiments of the invention discussed below, can be used separately or in any and all combinations.The accompanying drawings are included to provide a further understanding of the invention, and are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification. The drawings illustrate various embodiments of the invention, and together with the description serve to explain the principles and operation of the invention.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFIGS. 1A and 1B show a comparison of native and recombinant denV gene sequences. For each segment of the gene, the amino acid sequence (SEQ ID NO: 2) is on the top row, the native gene sequence (SEQ ID NO: 3) is in the second row, the third row shows the changes in the sequence introduced by Inaoka (SEQ ID NO: 4), and the fourth row shows the changes in the gene sequence in accordance with the Prior Art Rules and the Codon Selection Rules of the present invention (SEQ ID NO: 1). FIG. 1A shows amino acids 1 through 80 and FIG. 1B shows amino acids 81-138 and the termination codon.FIG. 2 shows a map of the pARAdenV expression vector. The map shows the recombinant denV gene downstream from the ARA promoter and upstream of the strong terminator rrnB1. The vector (plasmid) also contains the kanamycin resistance gene for selection and the pUC 18 origin of replication.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION AND ITS PREFERRED EMBODIMENTSA. The CPD Glycosylase Family and SubfamiliesAll the members of the CPD glycosylase family share the same unique activity in the DNA repair process, but they can be separated into two subfamilies based on their amino acid sequence homology relative to one or the other of two archetypal enzymes: T4 endonuclease V and Micrococcus luteus UV endonuclease. The members of the family and subfamilies are not as easily recognized by comparing the nucleotide sequences because of the degeneracy of the genetic code; i.e., an organism's preference for A-T or G-C base pairing in the third position of the codon significantly distorts the nucleic acid sequence similarities even when the amino acid sequences are quite similar.The first subfamily, which is closely related to T4 endonuclease V, includes the CPD glycosylases from the following organisms and their related strains: Bacteriophage RB69, Paramecium bursaria Chlorella virus 1, Prochlorus marinus, Bordetella parapertussis, Haemophilus ducreyi, Brucella meliensis and Pasteurella multocida. The second subfamily, which is more closely related to Micrococcus luteus UV endonuclease, includes the CPD glycosylases from the following organisms and their related strains: Nitrosomonas europeaea and Azoarcus sp. EbN1.The similarity to one or the other of the archetypal CPD glycosylases can be determined by aligning the amino acid sequences. The homologies are not exact, and gaps are therefore introduced to align the amino acid sequences. For clarity in discussing amino acid sequence homologies and similarities, the amino acids for both subfamilies are numbered based on the T4 endonuclease V archetypal sequence. For example, homology at amino acid 17 refers to the 17th amino acid in the T4 endonuclease V sequence, although it may actually be the 16th or the 18th or some other amino acid in a particular protein sequence of either subfamily.The alignment may be performed manually, but it is preferably performed by computational analysis, using, for example the Smith-Waterman algorithm (Waterman 1995).In general, the aligned sequences of the CPD glycosylases show more homology at the amino and carboxy ends than in the middle of the protein. The homology between the two archetypes of the CPD glycosylases, T4 endonuclease V and Micrococcus luteus UV endonuclease, is 27% (31 of 115 possible amino acid matches). As for the specific homologies between the archetypal CPD glycosylases, it should be noted that four amino acid residues previously proposed as functionally important in the T4 endonuclease V enzyme (Arginine at position 3, Arginine at position 22, Glutamic acid at position 23 and Lysine at position 121) are all conserved in the Micrococcus luteus sequence (Shiota and Nakayama, 1997).The members of the first subfamily, homologous with archetypal T4 endonuclease V, share homology at the 8 amino acids shown in Table 3, some of which have been associated with the biological activity of the protein. In addition, the family shares a sequence similarity between amino acids 115 and 121, which is a region thought to be important for substrate binding. Although the sequence is not identical for all members of the subfamily, the choice of amino acids at each position is usually between two, or, in one case, among four. The sequence is described in Table 4, second column.The second subfamily, homologous with archetypal M. luteus UV endonuclease, also shows a sequence similar to the first group between amino acids 116 and 123. See the third column of Table 4. As can also be seen in this table, the two subfamilies have homology or similarity at amino acid positions 116, 118, 119, and 121.The CPD glycosylase which has the least homology to its archetypal enzyme is from Pasteurella, which nevertheless shares 36% (50 of 138) amino acids with T4 endonuclease V. In particular, it shares the 8 conserved amino acids of the T4 endonuclease V subfamily listed in Table 3. Thus, in general, CPD glycosylases are proteins which, after alignment, share at least 35% homology with either the T4 endonuclease V archetype or the M. luteus archetype.B. Codon Usage in Native CPD Glycosylase GenesIn accordance with the invention, a set of aversions (negative preferences) regarding codon usage for certain amino acids has been discovered in the native genes for the CPD glycosylases. In particular, nine amino acid codons, divided into two groups, are subject to these aversions: Group A consisting of tyrosine, glycine, valine, serine and alanine, and Group B consisting of isoleucine, phenylalanine, aspartic acid and histidine. For these amino acids, nature has an aversion for using a codon from Group A and a codon from Group B for more than 75% of the occurrences of those amino acids.The codon usage for these nine amino acids for all of the known CPD glycosylase genes is shown in Table 5. In the instance of some of the CPD glycosylase genes, such as the CPD glycosylase gene from phage RB69, at least one codon from Group A is used more than 75% of the instances of that amino acid, but no codon from Group B is used at more than that frequency. In other cases, such as the CPD glycosylase gene from Micrococcus luteus, none of the codons from Group A are used over 75% of the instances of that amino acid, but at least one codon from Group B is used over 75% of the instances of that amino acid. It is impossible to know why nature has developed these aversions, but based on the present invention, one might speculate that they evolved as a mechanism to limit efficient translation of the transcript of CPD glycosylase genes so that this protein does not become an unnecessarily large portion of the total protein of a cell.C. Codon Selection RulesAs discussed above in the Summary of the Invention, in accordance with certain aspects of the invention, it has been discovered that codon usage for CPD glycosylases should follow at least one of three Codon Selection Rules, namely:(1) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least one codon from Group A for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least one codon from Group B for more than 75% of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein; and/or(2) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least two codons from Group A for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least two codons from Group B for more than 45% (preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein; and/or(3) in designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein, use at least three codons from Group A for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein and at least three codons from Group B for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein.The use of these Codon Selection Rules has been found to result in expression of polynucleotide sequences for CPD glycosylases at levels that are useful for commercial production.Certain embodiments of the invention follow the approach of designing a recombinant CPD glycosylase gene for a CPD glycosylase protein by using all codons from Groups A and B for more than 35% (preferably more than 45%, most preferably more than 75%) of the occurrences of the amino acid coded by the codon in the protein.These approaches to codon selection ameliorate the limitations on expression of CPD glycosylases resulting from the evolutionary optimization of the nucleotide sequences for these proteins that has resulted in expression at low levels consistent with the other functions of the cell.D. Prior Art RulesThe art has developed rules for modifying codons in exogenous genes to optimize expression in E. coli, an example of which is the Primo 3.4 program available from Chang Bioscience, Inc. The preferred codon usage rules of the prior art for E. coli are shown in Table 1. Similar rules exist for other hosts.The present invention makes use of these prior art rules, except where they conflict with the Codon Selection Rules of the invention. In the cases of conflict, the Codon Selection Rules of the invention take precedence, unless those rules would lead to tandem duplication of a codon in which case the prior art rule will be used to avoid such a tandem duplication (see, for example, amino acid 131 of FIG. 1B).E. Application of the Codon Selection Rules to the Native denV Gene and Other CPD GlycosylasesIn certain of its preferred embodiments, the present invention relates to methods for preparing a recombinant version of the nucleotide sequence for a CPD glycosylase protein, e.g., the native denV gene, without altering the amino acid sequence.FIG. 1 shows a specific application of these embodiments to the T4 endonuclease V enzyme, which is currently a DNA repair enzyme commercially sold and widely used. In particular, this figure shows the nucleotide sequences of the native denV gene (SEQ ID NO: 3) and a recombinant denV gene designed in accordance with the Prior Art Rules (SEQ ID NO: 4) and the Codon Selection Rules of the invention (SEQ ID NO: 1). The amino acid sequence of T4 endonuclease V (SEQ ID NO: 2) is also shown, and this is unchanged by the coding of the recombinant gene. In particular, amino acid 129 is tyrosine and is not changed as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,308,762.The changes in the recombinant gene (SEQ ID NO: 1) are shown in FIG. 1 on the line marked “AGI”. These changes are contrasted with the changes made in the synthetic denV gene of Inaoka (shown on the line marked “Inaoka,” SEQ ID NO: 4). It is clear that the AGI and Inaoka genes (SEQ ID NO: 1 and SEQ ID NO: 4) share very few changes. This is because the Inaoka changes were made for purposes of introducing restriction sites in the nucleotide sequence, and the AGI changes of the present invention were made for enhancing gene expression.In designing the recombinant denV gene sequence, special conditions of phage T4 gene expression were considered. When phage T4 infects a cell, it destroys the E. coli tRNA that pairs to the CTG codon for leucine translation. This infection tactic reduces the transcription of host genes. The phage T4 genes avoid this problem by using alternate codons for leucine, such as TTA or TTG. In addition, when phage T4 infects a cell, it produces tRNA for codons in low abundance in E. coli and it also includes these rarely used codons in the denV gene. This infection tactic serves to divert translation to phage-specific proteins such as T4 endonuclease V. However, in the situation of the native denV gene expressed from a plasmid, translation of these rarely used codons without the supplemental phage tRNAs for these codons is suboptimal.In Table 6 the codon usage in the native T4 endonuclease V gene is contrasted with the most preferred codon usage directed by the present invention in the recombinant T4 endonuclease V gene. As can be seen in this table, in accordance with the most preferred embodiments of the invention, codon usage has been changed so that codons from Group A are used more than 75% of the time, and in addition codons from Group B are also used more than 75% of the time.Overall, 71 of the 138 amino acid codons are changed in the native denV gene sequence by either the rules of the prior art or those of the present invention. Of these 71 changes, 36 changes are different between the rules of the invention and those of the prior art.The present invention also directs the use of codons that differ from the native sequence or those instructed by the prior art when the denV gene is expressed in other hosts, such as yeast or the plant Arabidopsis. That is, the Codon Selection Rules described above apply equally when the denV gene is expressed in hosts other than E. coli. Similarly, the present invention directs the use of codons that differ from the native sequence or those instructed by the prior art when other DNA repair genes, such as the E. coli ada gene for repair of O6-methylguanine, or the Arabidopsis OGG1 gene for repair of 8-oxo-guanine, is expressed in E. coli or in other hosts. Again, the Codon Selection Rules described above are applied for these other protein/host combinations.Thus the rules of the present invention provide general guidance for the use of different and non-obvious codons in designing genes for enhanced expression of a variety of DNA repair genes in a variety of hosts.For any given DNA repair enzyme, or more specifically any CPD glycosylase, the protein, and thus its DNA sequence, may be shortened or truncated to increase its stability without changing its enzymatic specificity, or it may contain within the final protein the full length of the native amino acid sequence. For example, the protein may be truncated to remove the endonuclease, or β-elimination, activity, since this activity may be provided by either other non-DNA-damage specific enzymes or by non-enzymatic cleavage of the DNA. The CPD glycosylase may be grafted to or combined with another protein to form a chimera with added binding specificity and/or specificities, or to bring two or more activities closer together in space. Additional amino acids or other modifications may be added to direct localization to the nucleus, mitochondria, or other organelles in order to direct DNA repair to these sites. Additional amino acids or other modifications may be added to the protein to simplify purification, such as adding a peptide sequence that binds with high affinity to a ligand that can be attached to a solid support. The present invention includes these and other changes to the amino acid sequences for CPD glycosylases and nucleotide sequences coding for those proteins, now known or subsequently developed.F. Expression SystemsOther than for the Codon Selection Rules discussed above, nucleic acid synthesis, cloning, and expression of the CPD glycosylases follows standard/conventional techniques now known or subsequently developed in the art. Extensive reviews of such techniques can be found in such texts as Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual, vol. I-III (eds. J. Sambrook, E. F. Fritsch, T. Maniatis), 1989.For example, in the case of the recombinant denV gene, the recombinant nucleotide sequence can be placed adjacent to and under the control of an E. coli promoter. The promoter and structural gene can then be cloned into a plasmid with a selectable marker so that only bacteria with the intact plasmid grow in the fermentation conditions.Any suitable host may be used, as long as the promoter for the recombinant sequence is compatible with the host transcription and translation metabolism. Some host strains may be found to express the gene more efficiently than do others (see, for example, Example 2 below).Many types of media may also be used for fermentation of the host, including minimal media with defined components and enriched media containing extracts of yeast and digested proteins. The expression vectors may be induced by addition of the appropriate inducing agent, which can be a chemical, such as isopropylthiogalactoside or L-arabinose, or a change in physical conditions, such as temperature or dissolved oxygen. The inducer may be present during all phases of growth, or it may be added after the culture has progressed to a desired phase of growth.The particular conditions to be used for any particular CPD glycosylase/host combination can be readily determined from the current disclosure and the general knowledge in the art of genetic engineering.G. Determination of Levels of Protein ProductionThe protein production of a culture of cells may be determined by various techniques known in the art. For example, protein production can be determined by sampling the culture at intervals of, for example, 10 minutes during fermentation, and subjecting the proteins in the sample to SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, followed by staining with Coomassie. The fraction of CPD glycosylase in total cell protein can be determined by, for example, densitometry scanning of the stained gel. The total cell protein can be determined by, for example, summing the densities of all the bands (subtracting out any bands contributed by the media, which is determined from a lane loaded with media alone in the gel). The identity of the CPD glycosylase band can, for example, be determined by including in the gel a standard of purified CPD glycosylase, and the CPD glycosylase amount can be determined by, for example, the density of its band. For each time point sample, the fraction of total protein can be determined by, for example, dividing the density of the CPD glycosylase band by the sum of the densities of the total cell proteins. The rate of protein production by percent of total protein can be determined by, for example, comparing the results from two samples collected 10 minutes apart and calculating the change in the density of the CPD glycosylase band density divided by the change in the sum of the densities of the total cell protein. The resulting fraction times 100 is then the weight percent of the CPD glycosylase protein produced by the culture during the 10 minute period relative to the total protein produced by the culture during that period.As another alternative, the percentage of protein synthesis during a 10 minute period that is CPD glycosylase synthesis can also be determined by the “pulse-chase” labeling technique, which is well known to protein chemists. In this protocol, a cell sample is exposed to a radio-labeled amino acid for ten minutes (the “pulse”). The labeled amino acid is one which is present in essentially all protein, such as 35S-methionine. The cells are washed with a buffer solution to remove the isotope, and finally incubated with a unlabeled amino acid (the “chase”), for an additional 10 minutes. The cells are collected and the proteins separated by SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The gel is imaged using X-ray film or a phosphorescence imager, and all the proteins that were made during the 10 minute pulse period appear in the image because of the radio-label. The intensity of the CPD glycosylase band divided by the intensity of the sum of all the proteins is the percentage of protein synthesis during a 10 minute period that is CPD glycosylase.H. Recovery of CPD Glycosylase ActivityFollowing fermentation, the cells may be collected from the cell culture media by any of several methods, including fixed volume or continuous flow centrifugation, or filtration. The cells to be processed may be in a form of a dry power produced by lyophilization, or as a moist powder referred to as paste. The cells may then be dispersed in liquid at a concentration of between, for example, 5 and 500 grams per liter, and the liquid may be any suitable buffer or water. The mechanism of dispersion may be by many methods, including an overhead mixer with a paddle or marine impeller, and the duration of mixing may be, for example, 30 minutes or longer at, for example, refrigerated to room temperature. In cases of cells that are expected to be particularly difficult to disrupt, the dispersion process can include methods to enhance subsequent cell lysis, such as adding to the dispersion medium a lysing agent like lyoszyme.Alternatively, an expression vector in combination with an appropriate host can be used whereby the highly expressed protein is secreted out of the cells and into the media. In this case, recovery of the protein simply involves removal of the cells and collection of the culture media.High levels of protein expression often lead to the formation of inclusion bodies. Such bodies may be contained within the host cells and/or may be found in the culture medium. Many methods have been used to recover protein and/or protein activity from inclusion bodies, but all of these methods, e.g., those methods which use high concentrations of guanidine chloride, produce denatured protein as an intermediate. As a result, recovery of protein and/or activity from inclusion bodies has required an additional step of removal of the denaturing agent in order to allow refolding of the protein. In accordance with certain aspects of the invention, it has been unexpectedly found that stream mixing homogenizes (solubilizes) the inclusion bodies of T4 endonuclease V and other proteins without the use of a denaturing agent and results in soluble and active protein. In particular, the cell suspension may be homogenized by methods that include forcing an impingement (collision) between two streams of dispersed cells each flowing at a velocity greater than 150 meters/second so as to produce a single resultant stream that is flowing at about 1 meter/second.After homogenization the lysate may be clarified by many methods such as centrifugation or filtration.Example 3 and Table 7 compare T4 endonuclease V in a water-based supernatant prepared using the same cell paste and either a standard method of sonication or the method of stream mixing described herein. The first data column in Table 7 shows the results from the sonication processing and the second column shows the results from the stream mixing process. The third column shows the ratio of the results from stream mixing divided by sonication. The total amount of protein per milliliter recovered from the stream mixing approach was more than double the amount recovered from sonication. Analysis of the undissolved precipitate from the sonication process by both SDS-PAGE and Western blot revealed that a substantial amount of T4 endonuclease V remained insoluble. This is characteristic of undissolved inclusion bodies. The total concentration of T4 endonuclease V in the soluble fraction of the stream mixed sample was more than seven-times greater than in the sonicated sample. This value is greater than the increase in total protein concentration, indicating that the stream mixing step selectively solubilized the T4 endonuclease V. The result was a doubling of overall purity.The recovered protein was biologically active. The unit activity, which is a measurement of biological activity per unit volume, was determined using the procedures of Example 1 of the U.S. Pat. No. '211 patent. This value increased 5-fold, indicating that the stream mixing process not only increased the yield of protein but that the protein was also active. The specific activity, which is the unit activity divided by the amount of protein in micrograms, was twice as great, reflecting the increase in purity.Although stream mixing is a preferred approach for the recovery of CPD glycosylase protein and activity, the present invention does not require the use of this procedure. For example, techniques which involve the use of solubilizing agents which denature the CPD glycosylase can be used if desired. See, for example, Yarosh et al., 1999.After stream mixing (if used), the CPD glycosylase may be recovered by various purification techniques now known or subsequently developed in the art, including, without limitation, affinity chromatography, size exclusion chromatography, ion-exchange chromatography, and combinations of these or other methods. Standard and conventional methods of protein purification are covered in many text books, including Scopes, 1994. The goal of the purification is to reach a CPD glycosylase purity which is preferably 95% or greater.A significant problem in commercial scale purification of T4 endonuclease V is the presence of contaminating HUa proteins. These are abundant proteins in E. coli and have many characteristics similar to T4 endonuclease V so that they co-purify using industrial separation methods. The proteins may be separated using research-scale techniques, but these methods result in greatly reduced yield of T4 endonuclease V. This may not be a concern for a research program that requires small amounts of very pure protein, but it is unsatisfactory for a commercial scale production scheme that requires large amounts of protein, e.g., amounts suitable for regulatory approval. Similar purification problems can exist for other CPD glycosylases based on the endogenous proteins of the host cell.Example 4 and Table 8 show the results of a commercial-type purification scheme applied to E. coli cultures expressing either the native or recombinant denV gene. The purification steps were the same for the two cultures. In particular, the cell paste for each was sonicated and then purified following the methods of the U.S. Pat. No. '211 patent. The first data column in Table 8 reports the overall protein yield and the second column reports the yield of T4 endonuclease V determined by Western blotting. The third column reports the purity of the preparation, which is the yield of T4 endonuclease V divided by the total protein yield.As can be seen from this data, the recombinant gene expression system produced more protein than the native gene expression system. Specifically, the yield of T4 endonuclease was over 60-fold greater for the recombinant system, resulting in a lysate which was 36% pure compared to not even 1% pure in the case of the native gene protein. At each step of purification, the purity of the recombinant gene protein preparation was substantially greater, being nearly homogenous following gel filtration.The final preparation of T4 endonuclease V from the native gene expression system contained approximately 20% of its protein as HUa, which was clearly visible in SDS-PAGE gels loaded with as little as 2.5 micrograms of protein (data not shown). The final preparation of T4 endonuclease V from the recombinant gene expression system, on the other hand, was virtually completely pure, and no HUα protein was visible in gels loaded with 5 micrograms of protein (data not shown). HPLC analysis of these preparations confirmed that HUα was detectible in native gene expressed protein but undetectable in recombinant gene expressed protein. An explanation for this is that the increased yield of T4 endonuclease produced a much higher ratio of endonuclease to HUα protein. Therefore, when a few micrograms of total protein were analyzed, the HUa fraction was so greatly reduced as to be undetectable.I. Topical PreparationsCPD glycosylases can be administered in various ways, a preferred form of administration being topical since sun damage to DNA of the skin is prevalent and the resulting cancers are a serious health concern. In order to achieve delivery into the skin, the proteins may be formulated in many forms, which include delivery vehicles such as liposomes, microsponges or nanoparticles, and which may include penetration enhancers such as oleic acid.Liposomes may be dispersed in many types of formulations, including hydrogel formulations. Many types of hydrogels are available and they may be used at between 0.5% and 1%. However, the important factor is not the concentration of the hydrogel, but the viscosity of the resulting formulation. For example, using a salt buffer such as phosphate buffered saline, a 1% formulation of the hydrogel Hypan SS201 has a viscosity of only about 200 centipoises, while a 1% formulation of the hydrogel Carbomer 981 NF produces a lotion with a viscosity of over 3,000 centipoises.The liposomes may be combined with other ingredients that benefit the skin, such as sunscreens, anti-oxidants, moisturizers, anti-inflammatory or anti-nociceptic agents, fragrances, colors and other ingredients used in the art. They may also be combined with excipients that increase the stability of the formulation or its ingredients, and with preservatives that prevent microbial contamination.A surfactant in the lotion at sufficiently low concentration can improve the tactile feel of the lotion without disrupting the liposomes. Many types of surfactants may be used, including many grades of polyethylene glycol (PEG), also called CARBOWAX. Concentrations are preferably in the range of 1% to 10%, e.g., approximately 5%. Surfactants may be used with water-insoluble ingredients, such as oils and chemical sunscreens, to produce emulsions. The emulsions may be characterized as oil-in-water, water-in-oil, or water-in-oil-in-waterAn example of a suitable formulation for topical administration is discussed in Example 5. This example includes procedures which result in a lotion that has the type of “feel” that people expect from a topical product that should be used often, e.g., every day, to prevent DNA damage caused by sun exposure.Although patients with life threatening skin diseases such as xeroderma pigmentosum may be willing to use less appealing formulations, compliance for patients with less serious disease requires a more attractive formulation, such as that of Example 5. People who benefit from such a formulation include patients whose DNA repair has been impaired by the use of immunosuppressive drugs, such as cyclosporine A, tacrolimus, picrolimus, ascomycin, FK506 and other calcineurin inhibitors, and rapamycin and other cyclophilin binding drugs. Other people who benefit from a formulation with a good “feel” are those with latent Herpes labialis infections who are at risk for reactivation of the virus due to sun exposure. Still another group of people who benefit from such a formulation are those with autoimmune disease or photosensitive diseases that are exacerbated by DNA damage from UV light exposure, such as lupus erythematosus and polymorphic light eruption.Without intending to limit it in any manner, the present invention will be more fully described by the following examples.EXAMPLE 1Synthesis of Recombinant T4 denV geneA recombinant T4 denV gene was synthesized as single-stranded pieces using the Codon Selection Rules and the Prior Art Rules discussed above for each occurrence of each amino acid to which the rules apply. The pieces were annealed to complementary strands with unique overhangs, the double-stranded pieces comprising the structural gene were then annealed and the full gene assembled by ligation.FIG. 1 shows the nucleotide sequence of the native and recombinant denV genes. In each row, the top line shows the T4 endonuclease V amino acids (SEQ ID NO: 2) using three-letter designations. The second line begins with the codon/amino acid number, and then the native denV gene nucleotide sequence (SEQ ID NO: 3). The third line shows the nucleotide changes in the synthetic gene constructed by Inaoka (SEQ ID NO: 4). The fourth line shows the nucleotide changes in the recombinant gene of the present invention, designated AGI (SEQ ID NO: 1). Finally, in the second to the last row, the amino acid substitution of U.S. Pat. No. 5,308,762 is shown.The nucleotide sequence designated as AGI in FIG. 1 is SEQ ID NO:1. As discussed above, this sequence is the nucleotide sequence of the denV gene modified by the Codon Selection Rules and the Prior Art Rules.EXAMPLE 2Construction of the pARA denV PlasmidThe structure of the expression plasmid used to produce T4 endonuclease V enzyme is shown in FIG. 2.The recombinant denV gene of Example 1 was cloned into the KpnI site of the pBAD plasmid just downstream from the E. coli araB (or ara-2) promoter and upstream of the strong terminator rrnB1. The pBAD plasmid is available from Invitrogen Corporation, 1600 Faraday Avenue, PO Box 6482, Carlsbad, Calif. 92008, and contains the kanamycin resistance gene for selection and the pUC18 origin of replication. This construct was called pARAdenV.The plasmid was transformed into competent cells of the E. coli host strain LMG194, which was found to produce more T4 endonuclease V than the strain KS272, using the calcium chloride precipitation technique. The LMG194 E. coli strain is available from Invitrogen Corporation, 1600 Faraday Avenue, PO Box 6482, Carlsbad, Calif. 92008. Transformed colonies were selected on LB plates containing kanamycin. The selected colonies were cultured in M9 media, containing a mixture of salts, casamino acids and glycerol, wherein they produced more T4 endonuclease V than when grown in LB media, containing tryptone, yeast extract and salt, or HSP-A media, containing soy protein, yeast extract and salt.A master cell bank of vials containing aliquots of the transformed cells was prepared, and validated by sequencing the plasmid from one of the master bank vials. A working cell bank was prepared by expansion of one vial of the master cell bank, and this bank was used to inoculate fermentation batches. The stability of the plasmid in the E. coli was verified by comparing colony counts on plates with and without kanamycin. The similarity of the counts demonstrated that >95% of the cells in the working cell bank contained the plasmid.This plasmid, i.e., the pARA denV plasmid of FIG. 2, has been deposited with the American Type Culture Collection, 10801 University Boulevard, Manassas, Va., 20110-2209, United States of America, in E. coli strain LMG194 and has been assigned the accession number PTA-6785. This deposit was made under the Budapest Treaty on the International Recognition of the Deposit of Micro-organisms for the Purposes of Patent Procedure (1977) on Jun. 13, 2005.The transformed cells were induced to express T4 endonuclease V with arabinose in several ways, including, at one extreme, treatment of a high density culture with about 0.3% L-arabinose for a few hours at 37° C., and, at the other extreme, treatment of a low density culture with a concentration of about 0.001% L-arabinose for several hours at 25° C. The most practical method with the best yield was found to be addition of 0.003% L-arabinose to the inoculated culture at 37° C., i.e., a low density culture, followed by growth to a high density, stationary phase before harvesting the cells.EXAMPLE 3Enhanced Recovery of CPD Glycosylase ActivityInduction of expression of recombinant T4 endonuclease V using the plasmid of Example 2 was found to result in accumulation of the expressed protein in the insoluble fraction of a sonicated lysate, which is characteristic of inclusion bodies.Specifically, from 2 h to 8 h post-induction, the proportion of the soluble protein fraction that was T4 endonuclease V remained at about 10-20% of total protein, while the fraction of insoluble protein that was T4 endonuclease V dramatically increased from 25% to over 70%. Overnight incubation of these cultures resulted in a yield of about 40% protein in the soluble fraction as T4 endonuclease V, while in the insoluble fraction the proportion was over 90%.Following fermentation, the cells were collected by fixed volume centrifugation, and processed to a dry power by lyophilization. The cells were then dispersed at a concentration of about 76 grams per liter in a buffer of Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS, 10 mM NaHPO4, 150 mM NaCl, pH 8) with 0.1% Triton X-100 using an overhead mixer with a paddle or marine impeller, with overnight mixing at refrigerated temperature. In some cases of cells that were particularly difficult to disrupt, 1 volume of cold water and Triton X-100 was added to a final concentration of 0.25% (v/v).The cell suspension was processed using a stream mixer, specifically, a Model M-110Y Microfluidizer® (Microfluidics Inc., Newton, Mass.). This device is equipped with two chambers: the H30Z Auxiliary Processing Module (APM), which has a nominal passage size of 200 microns and the H10Z Interaction Chamber (IC), which has a nominal passage size of 100 microns. The IC includes a Y-shaped chamber in which two streams interact (collide) at an angle to produce a single stream. The velocity of the two streams before collision is greater than 150 meters/second and after collision is about 1 meter/second. Although not wishing to be bound by any theory of operation, it is believed that kinetic energy is transferred to the cells in connection with this change in velocity which disrupts the cells and the inclusion bodies contained within the cells. The disruption of the inclusion bodies is believed to denature the protein so that it can subsequently refold into active protein.When a single pass was performed, the product stream passed through both the APM and the IC. The operating pressure, in this case, was between 17,000-20,000 psi at the start of processing, and leveled off to 12,000-14,000 psi with further operation. When two passes were performed, the first pass was through the APM, which broke up the suspension. The suspension was then diluted with 2 volumes of PBS to prevent clogging, and then a second pass was performed through the APM and IC. In either case, the Microfluidizer® base and product outlet cooling coil were packed in ice during cell disruption in order to prevent the generation of degradation products.After a single pass, no intact cells were apparent by microscopic examination. Accordingly, this approach is preferred since it involves fewer processing steps. After the completion of the stream mixing procedure, the debris in the solution was removed by centrifugation at 8,000 rpm for 15 minutes in a Beckman Model J2-21 centrifuge with a JA-10 rotor, followed by lysate clarification by filtration through 0.2 μm Sartobran P filters.The stream mixing approach of the present invention was compared to a method of the prior art which used only sonication to lyse the cells. Cell paste from the recombinant expression vector induced with L-arabinose was prepared at approximately 40 grams per liter at refrigerated temperatures and was processed by sonication for 3 hours using a Misonix XL2020 Continuous Flow Sonicator (Farmingdale, N.Y.) at an output setting of 6. The paste reservoir was cooled with ice packs and circulated with a Cole Palmer Model 7591-50 peristaltic pump, Model 7019-21 pump head, with ⅜″ i.d. tubing at setting number 5. Debris was removed by centrifugation at 6,800 rpm for 15 minutes using a Beckman Model JA-20 centrifuge with a JLA 8.1000 rotor.The supernatants from the stream mixer (single pass procedure) and sonicator preparations were analyzed for (a) recovery of total protein, (b) T4 endonuclease V protein by Western blotting, and (c) DNA repair activity. Table 7 shows results for sonication (average of five preparations) and stream mixing (average of 2 preparations).As can be seen in this table, the stream mixing method is clearly superior in yield of total protein (250%), and even more so in yield of T4 endonuclease V (710%). Total activity in the preparation (unit activity) is dramatically increased, due to the solubilization and reactivation of the T4 endonuclease V from the inclusion bodies. The protein purity is more than twice as great, and the specific activity (enzyme activity divided by total protein) is also twice as great, indicating that the protein contributing to the increased purity is also enzymatically active.EXAMPLE 4Comparison of Yield and Purity of T4 Endonuclease V Protein Purified from E. coli Cultures Expressing Either the Native or Recombinant denV Gene SequenceE. coli were induced to express either the native denV gene or the recombinant denV gene of Example 1 under the same conditions. In each case the T4 endonuclease V was purified by the same methods, i.e., the methods of the U.S. Pat. No. '211 and U.S. Pat. No. '231 patents. Table 8 compares the yield and purity of the preparations at each step in the production/purification process.As can be easily observed in Table 8, at each step in the process, the T4 endonuclease V purity is greater in the preparation that began with the recombinant gene compared to expression from the native sequence. In the end, the native sequence method yielded protein with only 76% purity, while the recombinant gene yielded protein with 99% purity.EXAMPLE 5Topical Application of CPD GlycosylasesAn example of a formulation that can be used to topically administer CPD glycosylases is shown in Table 9. In this table, the ingredients used in the formulation are followed by procedure steps which ensure that the lotion has a consistency and feel appropriate for daily topical administration.EXAMPLE 6Use of Stream Mixing to Recover Non-CPD Glycosylase ProteinsThis example illustrates the use of stream mixing to recover proteins other than CPD glycosylases from inclusion bodies.In a first experiment, photolyase from Anacystis nidulans was recovered from inclusion bodies formed in E. coli bacteria. Photolyase is a DNA repair enzyme having a molecular weight of 53 kd.In this experiment, a cell paste of E. coli bacteria containing this photolyase in inclusion bodies was resuspended with gentle stirring overnight in phosphate buffered saline. The cell suspension was processed by stream mixing using a Microfluidics Model M-110Y pressure homogenizer with an H10Z interaction chamber at 2 to 8° C. The recovered homogenate was clarified by ultrafiltration and 0.2 μm filtration, which eliminated cells, cell debris and residual inclusion bodies. The recovered solution was further purified by quaternary ammonium membrane ion exchange chromatography.The partially purified enzyme had a protein concentration of 0.31 mg/mL and a potency of 70 units per microgram, where a unit is defined as the number of endonuclease-sensitive sites per million bases removed per microgram of protein under standard assay conditions (Yarosh et al., 2002.).In a second experiment, 8-oxoguanine glycosylase (OGG1) from Arabidopsis thalania was recovered from inclusion bodies in E. coli. OGG1 is a DNA repair enzyme of 43 kd.In this experiment, a cell paste of E. coli bacteria containing OGG1 in inclusion bodies was resuspended with gentle stirring overnight in a HEPES based buffer (50 mM HEPES, 10 mM NaCl, 10 mM EDTA, pH 8.0) at a density of 40 gm/L. The cell suspension was processed by stream mixing using a Microfluidics Model M-110Y pressure homogenizer with an H10Z interaction chamber at 2 to 8° C. The recovered homogenate was clarified by centrifugation and 0.2 μm filtration, which eliminated cells, cell debris and residual inclusion bodies. The recovered solution had a protein concentration of 16.45 mg/mL with an enzyme activity of 7.8×102 units per microgram, where a unit is defined as in the U.S. Pat. No. '211 patent.In this example, as well as in Example 3, stream mixing was performed using a pressure homogenizer from Microfluidics Inc., Newton, Mass. Suitable equipment for performing stream mixing is available from various other manufacturers. For example, another device that causes stream mixing is the Emulsiflex-C50 made by Avestin Inc., 2450 Don Reid Drive, Ottawa, Canada. This device operates essentially like the Microfluidics device in that it spits the main stream into two streams which then collide with each other. A further device that causes stream mixing is the Mini DeBee, made by Bee International Inc., 46 Eastman Street, South Easton, Mass., which directs a first stream against a fixed surface, which rebounds and collides with the oncoming stream to cause the stream mixing. These or other devices now known or subsequently developed can be used in the practice of the stream mixing aspects of the invention.As the foregoing examples demonstrate, in accordance with the invention, it has been unexpectedly found that changing the nucleotide sequence of the denV gene greatly increases the percentage of cell protein found as T4 endonuclease V, and without cell death. For the first time, cells have been prepared that consistently include much greater than 25% of cellular protein as T4 endonuclease V. It has been further unexpectedly discovered that, although a large fraction of the T4 endonuclease V in the cells so induced are in inclusion bodies, the use of a stream mixer solubilizes the inclusion bodies and recovers active protein. In this way, the two-step process of (a) solubilizing inclusion bodies using a denaturing agent and (b) subsequently removing the denaturing agent to obtain active protein can be avoided. The recombinant DNA aspects of the invention can be used with CPD glycosylases other than T4 endonuclease V, and the stream mixing aspects can be used with a variety of proteins other than CPD glycosylases.Although specific embodiments of the invention have been described and illustrated, it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that modifications and variations can be made without departing from the invention's spirit and scope. The following claims are thus intended to cover the specific embodiments set forth herein as well as such modifications, variations, and equivalents.LITERATURE REFERENCESAtkins Latham, K. and R. S. Lloyd. T4 Endonuclease V. Perspectives on Catalysis. In DNA Damage-Effects on DNA Structure and Protein Recognition Annals of New York Academy of Science, volume 726, 1994. pp181-197.Augustine, M. L., R. W. Hamilton, M. L. Dodson and R. S. Lloyd. Oligonucleotide Site Directed Mutagenesis of All Histidine Residues within the T4 Endonuclease V Gene: Role in Enzyme-Nontarget DNA Binding. Biochemistry 30:8052-8059, 1991.Chenevert, J., L. Naumovski, R. Schultz, E. Friedberg. Partial Complementation of the UV Sensitivity of E. coli and Yeast Excision Repair Recombinants by the cloned deny gene of Bacteriophage T4. Molecular and General Genetics 203:163-171, 1986.Dodson, M. and R. Lloyd. Structure-Function Studies of the T4 endonuclease V Repair Enzyme. Mutation Research 218:49-65, 1989.Doi, T., A. Recktenwald, Y. Karaki, M. Kikuchi, K. Morikawa, M. Ikehara, T. Inaoka, N. Hori, E. Ohtsuka. Role of the Basic Amino Acid Cluster and Glu-23 in Pyrimidine Dimer Glycosylase Activity of T4 Endonuclease V. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA 89:9420-9424, 1992.Green, A., J. deRiel and E. Henderson. Structure/Function analysis of the Ala116→Lys121 of Endonuclease V by Random Targeted Mutagenesis. Nucleic Acids Research 21:727-732, 1993.Gustafsson, Claes. Protein Expression Using Synthetic Genes. Genetic Engineering News, 25:32, 2005.Hesterberg, L. K., M. B. Seefeldt, J. F. Carpenter, T. W. Randolph. High-Hydrostatic Pressure Refolding of Proteins. Genetic Engineering News, 25:46-47, 2005.Hori, N., T. Doi, Y. Karaki, M. Kikuchi, M. Ikehara, E. Ohtsuka. Participation of Glutamic Acid 23 of T4 Endonuclease V in the β-elimination reaction of an abasic site in a synthetic duplex DNA. Nucleic Acids Research 20:4761-4764, 1992.Inaoka, T., M. Ishida, E. Ohtsuka. Affinity of Single- or Double-stranded Oligodeoxyribonucleotides Containing a Thymine Photodimer for T4 Endonuclease V. The Journal of Biological Chemistry 264:2609-2614, 1989.Ishida, M., Y. Kanamori, N. Hori, T. Inaoka and E. Ohtsuka. In Vitro and In Vivo Activities of T4 Endonuclease V Recombinants Altered in the C-Terminal Aromatic Region. Biochemistry 29:3817-3821, 1990.Lapointe, G., T. Mori, D. Evans. Tobacco Plants Expressing T4 Endonuclease V Show Enhanced Sensitivity to Ultraviolet Light and DNA Alkylating Agents. Mutatin Research. 351:19-31, 1996.Liebig, H- D. and W. Rüger. Bacteriophage T4 Early Promoter Regions; Consensus Sequences of Promoters and Ribosome-binding Sites. Journal of Molecular Biology, 208:517-536, 1989. Liszewski, K. Emerging Protein-Expression Technologies. Genetic Engineering News, Volume 23, Number 18, Oct. 15, 2003, page 34.Lloyd, R. and P. Hanawalt. Expression of the denV Gene of Bacteriophage T4 clond in Escherichia coli. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA 78:2796-2800, 1981.Nickolof, J. A. and M. F. Hoekstra, eds. DNA Damage and Repair, Volumes I and II Humana Press, Totowa N.J., 1998.Radany, E., L. Naumovski, J. Love, K. Gutekunst, D. Hall, E. Friedberg. Physical Mapping and Complete Nucleotide Sequence of the denV Gene of Bacteriophage T4. Journal of Virology, 52:846-856, 1984.Recinos, A., M. Augustine, K. Higgins, R. Lloyd. Expression of the Bacteriophage T4 denV Structural Gene in Escherichia coli. Journal of Bacteriology 168:1014-1018, 1986.Ronen, A. and B. W. Glickman. Human DNA Repair Genes. Environmental and Molecular Mutagenesis 37:241-283, 2001.Sambrook, J., E. F. Fritsch, T. Maniatis. Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual volumes I-III. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press, Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y. 1989. Sancar, A., L. A. Lindsey-Boltz, K. Unsal-Kacmaz and S. Linn. Molecular Mechanisms of Mammalian DNA Repair and the DNA Damage Checkpoints Annual Review of Biochemistry. 73:39-85, 2004. Scopes, R. K. Protein Purification: Principles and Practices 3rd edition. Springer-Verlag, New York, 1994.St. John, R. J., J. F. Carpenter, T. W. Randolph. High Pressue Fosters Protein Refolding from Aggregates at High Concentrations. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci., USA 96:13029-13033, 1999.Valerie, K., E. Henderson, J. deRiel. Identification, Physical Map Location and Sequence of the denV Gene from Bacteriophage T4. Nucleic Acids Research, 12:8085-8096, 1984.Valerie, K., J. Stevens, M. Lynch, E. Henderson, J. K. de Riel. Nucleotide sequence and analysis of the 58.3 to 65.5-kb early region of bacteriophage T4. Nucleic Acids Research, 14:8637-8654, 1986a.Valerie, K., G. Fronko, E. Henderson, J. deRiel. Expression of the denV Gene of Coliphage T4 in UV-Sensitive rad Recombinants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Molecular and Cellular Biology, 6:3559-3562, 1986b.Waterman, M. Introduction to Computational Biology. CRC Press, Boca Raton Fla. 1995.Yarosh, D., Boumakis, S., Brown, A., Canning, M., Galvin, J., Both, D., Kraus, E., O'Connor, A., Brown, D. Measurement of UVB-induced DNA damage and its consequences in models of immunosuppression. Methods 28:55-62, 2002.Yarosh, D., A. O'Connor, L. Alas, C. Potten, P. Wolf Photoprotection by Topical DNA Repair Enzymes: Molecular Correlates of Clinical Studies. Photochem. Photobiol. 69:136-140, 1999. PATENT REFERENCESU.S. Pat. No. 5,308,762. T4 Endonuclease V DNA Repair Enzyme Having Specific Activity at Low Salt Concentrations. 1994.U.S. Pat. No. 5,077,211. Purification and Administration of DNA Repair Enzymes. 1991 (U.S. Pat. No. '211 patent)U.S. Pat. No. 5,296,231. Purification and Administration of DNA Repair Enzymes. 1994. (U.S. Pat. No. '231 patent)U.S. Pat. No. 5,302,389. Methods and Compositions for Treating UV Induced Immuno-suppression. 1994. (U.S. Pat. No. '389 patent) TABLE 1Prior Art Rules for Preferred Codon Usage.PreferredAmino AcidAbbreviationCodonAlanineAlaGCG ArginineArgCGT AsparagineAsnAAC Asparatic AcidAspGAT CysteineCysTGC Glutamic AcidGlnCAG GlutamineGluGAA GlycineGlyGGC HistidineHisCAT IsoleucineIleATT LeucineLeuCTG LysineLysAAA MethionineMetATG PhenylalaninePheTTT ProlineProCCG SerineSerAGC ThreonineThrACC TryptophanTrpTGG TyrosineTyrTAT ValineValGTG TABLE 2Present Invention Rules for Preferred CodonUsage.AminoPreferredAcidAbbreviationCodonGroup ATyrosineTyrTAC GlycineGlyGGT ValineValGTT SerineSerTCT AlanineAlaGCT or GCA Group BIsoleucineIleATC PhenylalaninePheTTC Aspartic AcidAspGAC HistidineHisCAC TABLE 3Amino acid homologies in the T4 endonuclease V subfamily of CPDglycosylasesaminoAA numberacidFunction if known*3Argininesubstrate binding12Leucine17Leucine22Argininesubstrate binding23Glutamic acidcatalysis81Arginine82Glycine106Prolinesubstrate binding*The functional significances of the particular amino acids are described in Atkins Latham and Lloyd, 1994, and Augustine et al., 1991. TABLE 4Amino Acid Homologies between Amino Acids 115 and 123in the Two Subfamilies of CPD GlycosylasesT4 endonuclease VMicrococcus luteusSubfamily FamilySubfamily AminoAA NumberAmino AcidAcid115Glutamine orArginine116Alanine or LysineLysine117Arginine{gap}118Isoleucine or LeucineLeucine119Alanine, AsparticAlanine or SerineAcid, Lysine orLeucine120Alanine or GlutamicValine, Threonine orAcidSerine121Lysine or ArginineArginine122Serine123Proline TABLE 5Amino Acid Codon Usage among CPD GlycosylasesCPD Glycosylases from These Organisms and their Related StrainsPhagePhageChlorellaProchloro-Haemo-Micro-Nitro-Azo-Amino AcidCodonT4RB69VirusBordetellacoccusphilusBrucellaPasteurellacoccussomonasarcusGroup ATyrosineTAC29%0%43%60%33%75%20%25%0%0%50%GlycineGGT86%0%75%0%0%60%17%60%18%14%0%ValineGTT71%100%67%14%0%25%25%0%0%38%25%SerineTCT40%100%0%0%33%0%0%0%0%0%9%AlanineGCT or85%100%89%5%80%83%35%50%0%54%55%GCAGroup BIsoleucineATC31%0%8%33%29%40%60%33%100%67%100%PhenylalanineTTC38%0%33%67%71%25%75%29%100%80%67%Aspartic AcidGAC13%0%44%67%40%0%100%71%100%0%43%HistidineCAC25%0%0%75%33%50%100%20%100%54%57% TABLE 6Effect of Most Preferred Embodiments of thePresent Invention on Codon Usage in the denVgeneNativeRecombinantAmino AcidCodonden V genedenV geneGroup ATyrosineTAC29%100% GlycineGGT86%100% ValineGTT71% 86% SerineTCT40%100% AlanineGCT or GCA85% 92% Group BIsoleucineATC31%100% PhenylalanineTTC38%100% Aspartic acidGAC13% 88% HistidineCAC25%100% TABLE 7Comparison of Sonication to Stream MixingStream Mixing/SonicationStream MixingSonicationTotal Protein6.917.5250%(mg/ml)T4 endonuclease V1.17.8710%(mg/ml)Purity20.4%44.3%220%Unit Activity2,32011,700500%(U/ml × 106)Specific Activity336667200%(U/ug × 103) TABLE 8Comparison of native and recombinant gene expression for yieldand purity.Purity: PercentProtein YieldT4 endonuclease Vof total proteinLysateNative412,000 mg 3,710 mg0.9%Recombinant659,000 mg 237,000 mg 36.0%ClarificationNative53,900 mg 3,080 mg5.7%Recombinant90,800 mg 50,900 mg 56.0%Gel FiltrationNative2,170 mg  213 mg9.8%Recombinant8,520 mg8,180 mg96.0%AffinityChromatographyNative  237 mg  179 mg76.0%Recombinant4,030 mg3,990 mg99.0% TABLE 9Formulation for Delivery of Liposomes Containing One orMore CPD Glycosylases, e.g., T4 Endonuclease V, to SkinStepPercentIngredient179.5Deionized water10.90CARBOPOL 981 NF29.6610-fold concentrate Phosphate Buffer Saline21.00Phenoxyethanol30.60Triethanolamine45.00CARBOWAX PEG-40053.34Liposomes containing T4 endonuclease Vprotein, 34 micrograms protein per ml,3 trillion liposomes per ml6qsTriethanolamineProcedure:1. In kettle, combine Step 1 ingredients and heat to 60° C. Mix with propeller at medium to high speed.2. Add Step 2 ingredients to batch and mix until dispersed.3. Add Step 3 ingredient to batch and continue mixing until solution is clear and uniform. Hold temperature at 60° C.4. Add Step 4 ingredient to batch, mix until clear and uniform. Cool batch to 20° C.5. Add Step 5 ingredient to batch, mix gently at slow speed until uniform.6. Adjust pH to 7.6-7.8 if necessary using Step 6 ingredient.  





 

Previous Patent: PROCESS FOR PRODUCING AND PURIFYING FACTOR VIII AND ITS DERIVATIVESNext Patent: METHOD FOR DIRECT CAPTURE OF RIBONUCLEIC ACID











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 



















Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.
Board Member at Aceto


View Full Profile
Are you Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Aceto


Past
To view Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s Biography



Dr. Daniel B. Yarosh, PhD is Chief Technology Advisor, Estee Lauder Companies, a manufacturer and marketer of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. From 2008 to 2014 he was Senior Vice President of Basic Science Research at Estee Lauder R&D. He founded and served as President and Chairman of Applied Genetics Inc. Dermatics, a biotech company focusing on DNA science for 23 years before selling it to Estee Lauder. Dr. Yarosh has a PhD degree in molecular biology, and was a National Science Foundation postdoctoral fellow at Brookhaven National Laboratories and Staff Fellow and Cancer Expert at the National Cancer Institute, Nation ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Daniel B. Yarosh, PhD is Chief Technology Advisor, Estee Lauder Companies, a manufacturer and marketer of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. From 2008 to 2014 he was Senior Vice President of Basic Science Research at Estee Lauder R&D. He founded and served as President and Chairman of Applied Genetics Inc. Dermatics, a biotech company focusing on DNA science for 23 years before selling it to Estee Lauder. Dr. Yarosh has a PhD degree in molecular biology, and was a National Science Foundation postdoctoral fellow at Brookhaven National Laboratories and Staff Fellow and Cancer Expert at the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland. He is active in the New York biotech community and many scientific and medical societies, including the American Academy of Dermatology. Dr. Yarosh is the author of over 100 scientific papers, two dozen patents, and the book "The New Science of Perfect Skin". Dr. Yarosh is a volunteer board member of the Photomedicine Society, a medical professional non-profit society and is also a volunteer advisor to other professional scientific, medical and patient groups. Dr. Yarosh received a bachelor's degree in biology from Macalester College and a PhD from the University of Arizona School of Medicine. Dr. Yarosh's prior experience, including his executive and scientific research experience at Estee Lauder and his expertise in the biotech industry, gives him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors.
		
Source: Aceto on 10/14/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.


















Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s Connections (22)





Sign up now to view Daniel B. Yarosh Ph.D.'s 22 connections »









Albert L. Eilender
Chairman of the Board, Aceto









Natasha Giordano
Board Member, Aceto









Satish Srinivasan
Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Rising Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Aceto









Salvatore J. Guccione
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Aceto









Richard P. Randall
Board Member, Steven Madden, Ltd.









William N. Britton
Board Member, Aceto









Alan G. Levin
Board Member, Aceto









Hans C. Noetzli
Lead Independent Director, Aceto









Douglas A. Roth
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Aceto









Frank DeBenedittis
Senior Vice President, Corporate Business Development and International Senior Vice President, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, Aceto








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









