

	YEA FOODS Trademark of Ye, Lian You. Serial Number: 85658478 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Meats and Processed Food Products
YEA FOODS










 
Get FREE email alerts













YEA FOODS  Trademark Information
 Ye, Lian You
Prepared meals and entrees prepared from fish, namely, fish based foods; fish cakes




Perfect for these industries

Meats and Processed Food Products





Words that describe this mark
prepared   meals   entrees   prepared   fish         fish   based   foods   fish   cakes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the YEA FOODS trademark by Ye, Lian You 
                                in Maspeth, NY, 11378.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this YEA FOODS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Ye, Lian You of the YEA FOODS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the YEA FOODS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, June 21, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        YEA FOODS by 
                        Ye, Lian You, Maspeth, NY  11378.
                        The USPTO has given the YEA FOODS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85658478.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for YEA FOODS is 
                        
                        
                                            CHRISTOPHER DITICO of 
                                            RAJ ABHYANKER, P.C.,  STE 8, 1580 W EL CAMINO REAL MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040
                                .
                            The YEA FOODS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Meats and Processed Food Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for YEA FOODS 
                            is Prepared meals and entrees prepared from fish, namely, fish based foods; fish cakes. 
                            





Word mark:
 YEA FOODS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

8/13/2013



  Serial Number:  
85658478


  Filing Date:  
6/21/2012


 Registration Number:  
4382419 


 Registration Date:  
8/13/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Prepared meals and entrees prepared from fish, namely, fish based foods; fish cakes


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/28/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Ye, Lian YouMaspeth, NY  11378
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FOODS")


 Correspondent:


CHRISTOPHER DITICO
RAJ ABHYANKER, P.C.
STE 8
1580 W EL CAMINO REAL
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (029) - Meat, fish, poultry and game; meat extracts; preserved, frozen, dried and cooked fruits and vegetables; jellies, jams, compotes; eggs, milk and milk products; edible oils and fats. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/26/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
6/5/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your YEA FOODS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/13/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CHRISTOPHER DITICO


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of YEA FOODS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search yeafoods on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for YEA FOODS 




YEA FOODS is providing Prepared meals and entrees prepared from fish, namely, fish based foods; fish cakes.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















    Christopher Yea | Kalvista Pharmaceuticals Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


Christopher M Foley - Cincinnati, OH | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher M Foley in Cincinnati, OH


Christopher M Foley

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher M Foley  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Cincinnati, OH.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Chris  Foley


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher M Foley is in his 40s

Christopher Has Lived In

Cincinnati, OH
Oxford, OH
Wilmington, OH

Christopher's Relatives

Christine Foley







Christopher M Foley



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
System Engineer / Analyst / Technician at International Paper Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher M Foley
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher M Foley
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher M Foley
Get a People Search Report on Christopher M Foley


Christopher M Foley's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher M Foley has lived as well as Christopher M Foley's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher M Foley Has Lived in 1 States
Ohio Address for Christopher M Foley


2384 W****** S* 

Cincinnati, OH


Has Lived In

Cincinnati, OH
Oxford, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher M Foley

() ***-**** - Cincinnati, OH 
(513) ***-**** - Cincinnati, OH 
(513) ***-**** - Cincinnati, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher M Foley

s***d@***.net
f*****1@***.edu


Get Email Report




Christopher M Foley's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher M Foley's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher M Foley has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher M Foley Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: International Paper Company
               Title: System Engineer / Analyst / Technician
Christopher M Foley's Experience
Title: System Engineer / Analyst / Technician
               Company: International Paper Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Christopher M Foley

 See Christopher M Foley's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher M Foley's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher M Foley


Christopher M Foley's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher M Foley's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Foley
Username Matches

                  ChristopherFoley
                  FoleyChristopher
                  Christopher.Foley
                  Foley.Christopher
                  Christopher_Foley
                  Foley_Christopher
                  Christopher-Foley
                  Foley-Christopher
                  CFoley
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Foley







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






Chris Yeh: Entrepreneur, Investor, Writer, Dad









Links: Twitter | LinkedIn | AngelList | CrunchBase
Blogs: Adventures in Capitalism | Ask The Harvard MBA | Agency Collaboration
Other: Photos | Videos | Presentations




Welcome

Thanks for stopping by! Most of the information you're seeking is probably found in the links above, but feel free to stick around and read about my writing and my personal life.

Official Biography

Chris Yeh has been building Internet businesses since 1995. He is the VP Marketing for PBworks, which provides highly vertical collaboration solutions that help businesses work more efficiently and effectively.  Its products serve markets such as advertising and marketing agencies, law firms, and education, as well as the broader business market. 

Chris is also a General Partner at Wasabi Ventures, a global venture fund, startup incubator, and consulting firm, where he leads the firm's investment committee.

Previously, he was the first investor in and interim CEO of Ustream.TV, which provides an open and distributable platform for live interactive online video. He also helped start numerous other companies, including Symphoniq Corporation, TargetFirst, and Juno Online Services and FarSight Financial Services (divisions of D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P.).

Chris is an active angel investor and advisor to a wide array of startups.  He is also the founder and Chairman of the Harvard Business School Technology Alumni Association.

Chris earned two degrees from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School, where he was named a Baker Scholar.







VAN ALYEA CHRISTOPHER SCOTT - HEALDSBURG, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



HEALDSBURG



Grapes



Grapes



                            VAN ALYEA CHRISTOPHER SCOTT
                                    



 





















V 


VAN ALYEA CHRISTOPHER SCOTT
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3955 LAMBERT BRIDGE RD HEALDSBURG, CA 95448
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $75,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Grapes
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Van Alyea Christopher Scott has been providing Grapes from Healdsburg. Van Alyea Christopher Scott has estimated annual revenues of $75,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 
 




		Wheel Of The Year | Christopher Penczak	









 








































































Menu










			0 items – $0.00			


Cart
No products in the cart. 



Christoper Penczack









RSS Feed
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email Address
 





















Blog
Wheel Of The Year



Article 
-
August 1, 2013
-
Comments closed -
By: Christopher Penczak







Yule-The Winter Solstice


(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
“The king is dead. Long live the king,” is the teaching of the Winter Solstice. The masculine force, the God, in pagan religions like Wicca, goes through a continual cycle of death, rebirth and transformation. Many believe Wicca and witchcraft focus solely on Goddesses, and some traditions do, but most honor both the feminine and masculine, the Goddess and the God. As the wheel of the year turns, the God changes with the Goddess. His many faces are expressed as lord of the forest, grain, Sun and Underworld. Holidays like the Winter Solstice, also called Yule, celebrate this transformation. The Winter Solstice is the birth of the God.
On the preceding holidays we celebrate the death of the Harvest God and his journey to the Underworld. But now the light is ready to be born from the darkness. The Winter Solstice is the shortest day and longest night of the year. Hard to believe this holiday is a celebration of light, but it is the triumph of light over darkness. The event is marked by the Sun moving from the sign of Sagittarius to Capricorn. Capricorn is the sign of the father figure, respect and honor. The God needs this strength and respect for his road is a hard one, like ours, a continual journey of birth, life, death and rebirth. This time is well noted for the birth of the divine child in many cultures, including Christianity. From this day until the Summer Solstice, the days will get longer. The waxing Sun is the new-born God, given new life by the Goddess as the Cosmic Mother. He slowly grows with the light of the Sun. In the waning half of the year he takes on his darker aspects.
Yule is the celebration of life, even when things seem their darkest. To us, even though we know the light is growing, the coming winter months seem to bring only more darkness and despair. Many people go into a winter depression due to lack of light. But the solstice is all about keeping the light in your heart. We celebrate the rebirth of the God, and at this time go through our own dark underworld initiation, figuratively and literally, following the example of the God. As we celebrate his rebirth, we are also celebrating our own transformation.
Many are familiar with pagan rituals used to “draw down the Moon” to connect with the Goddess. Less popular, but as important are rituals to draw down the Sun. The solstices and equinoxes, the solar holidays, are excellent times to draw down the Sun God energy. They aid in our own transformation through the year. This ritual can be added to any holiday celebration you have planned. Many astrological calendars tell you the exact time the Sun moves into Capricorn, if you want to plan your ritual then. Traditionally, you can celebrate the solstice as early as three days prior or three days after the actual day, so choose the time right for you.
Decorate your ritual space with the colors of the Sun: gold, yellow, orange and white. Light as many candles of these colors as you can, all with the intention of solar light. If you have a Yule Log, gather around its fire. Pine, oak, holly and mistletoe are other traditional decorations. Then invoke the God and Goddess, asking them to be present with you as you participate in turning the seasons. Feel your home filled with the warm, comforting light. Visualize the Sun above you, imagining there is no roof between you, or if you are hardy enough to battle the cold, go outside. The perfect orb of golden light is above you, hovering silently. The rays of light surround you, bathing your in a warm glow. Imagine the young god, a small child of light in the Sun. Welcome the new God into life. Incense like Frankincense can be burned as an offering and tribute.
Feel a beam of pure light descend from the Sun down through your crown until it reaches your heart. Hold the image of the young God in your heart, filled with love and golden light. Feel your entire being fill with love and solar energy. Feel your own love of creation within you. If you have a personal empowering intention at this time, like holding a brighter perspective in the coming months, tell it to the God and Goddess. Then visualize the remaining energy moving down your spine, through your legs and deep into the Earth below you. For a moment, the beam of light connects the Earth and Sun like mother and child. Thank the God and Goddess, now filled with light to brave the winter months. The young lord helped your own rebirth as you helped turn the wheel of the year.

Imbolc
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork)
The Goddess starts stirring from her underworld slumber on the Feast of Imbolc, February Second. Imbolc means “in milk” or perhaps “yew’s milk” for it is the time of year when the animal mothers are lactating, preparing to nourish their children. The Goddess is going through a similar process. This holiday is the midpoint between the Winter Solstice and the Vernal Equinox. At the solstice, the Great Mother gives birth to the new God, the child of light. She returns to bring the spring at the Equinox. But on Imbolc she is resting from her labors. The festival is to gently awaken the Mother and continue the celebration of light started with the birth of the God. Those who honor the Earth believe it is our duty and privilege to help the Goddess and God turn the Wheel of the Year, and shift from season to season.
In the February chill, the promise of spring is near, but it must be welcomed. The frost fairies are right outside our door, so we focus on the home and family, our true warmth. The light must be welcomed into our homes and hearts. The Celtic goddess Brid (pronounced Breed) is particularly honored on this day. Brid later became known as Bridget and finally St. Bridget by the Christian converts in Ireland. She is a powerful triple goddess, associated with creative inspiration as a patron for poets and bards. She is also a goddess of healing and smithwork, but most importantly, Brid is a goddess of light. On Imbolc many candles are lit in her honor, and crowns of candles were worn in days of old. I don’t suggest wearing a lit crown of candles now, but you can always make one and keep it on your altar, reminiscent of the Christian Advent Wreath from the prior holiday season. The light of the candles is to bring the blessings of Brid. She blesses homes and families, bringing healing and warmth for the last weeks of winter. Crosses, wreathes and dolls were woven out of stalks of corn and other grains, making charms to bless and protect young children. Candles became so integral on this day it became known as Candlemas in some lands.
The candlelight serves to wake the Great Goddess from her underworld slumber. The more light she feels and sees, the closer she feels spring is. Imbolc rituals help wake her. Like all the fire festivals, it is a time for purification and cleansing, and may be a more apt time to clean and reorganize your home. Spring-cleaning may have started closer to Imbolc to prepare the home for the Goddess’ blessings and protection.
At every celebration in the wheel I like to feel the energy of the day. It can be done through reflection, meditation, ritual or intention. This is a little ritual to welcome the light into your heart and home. You can do it by yourself or with others. Just follow the intent in it. Imagine and allow.
Start by lighting a candle. Light as many as you want, it is, after all, the festival of lights. Call out to the Goddess of Light, or whatever form of divinity is acceptable to you, and ask her to be with you as you light the candles. Take a few quiet moments to be thankful for the past season, and affirm your readiness to turn towards the light of spring. Feel the light above your head. Visualize a ball of white light above you, or it may take form as a ring of smaller lights, like the flames on a crown of candles. Feel the lights descend, as if you are wearing the crown of the light. It opens up your crown chakra, at the top of your head. The warm light slowly descends down through the head, through the throat and into the heart. With each beat the light expands until your are filled with it. The light surrounds you. Then visualize the light expanding in love throughout your home, filling each room. It purifies and cleansing your home. It brings the blessing of the Goddess of Light into your home.
Thank the powers who have joined you and feel the light contract back into your heart. From there it floats gently down through your body, your legs and feet and into the ground. It falls like a feather through the Earth to wake the Goddess deep within the land. Say any final blessings and continue to celebrate with your family and friends. Happy Imbolc.
Ostara –The Spring Equinox
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork)
Resurrection. Resurrection is a powerful word, and a common theme among many of the world’s religions. Ancient Osiris, the Egyptian god, was killed twice by his brother and resurrected by his wife, the goddess Isis. Dionysus, the Greek God of Wine, Poetry, Madness and Love, was reborn from his father’s thigh after his pregnant mother’s fiery death. The most famous resurrection of all is probably of Jesus Christ, on what is now called Easter. Three days after his death he rose again and ascended into the heavens. Rising from the dead symbolizes spiritual life everlasting through the many planes of existence.
Death is a transition, not an end and this everlasting life is first and perhaps best displayed in our lives every year through the resurrection of the land around us as the Earth Goddess rises. Springtime is when the seemingly dead and fallow land is rained upon with the waters of life and pushed forth new life, in the form of the first buds and flowers of spring. The promise of returned life, renewed life, is kept with the turning of the wheel of the year and passing of what modern pagans and witches call Ostara. Ostara is the day of equal light and dark, the spring equinox, when the Sun enters the sign of Aries and initiates the new life force rising from the land. The equinox falls sometime around March 19 through the 22. Consult an almanac or astrological calendar.
Ostara is named after a Teutonic goddess of land. She is very similar to our image of Mother Nature or Mother Earth, Gaia from the Greeks, who is embodied by the land and flowers. Like the goddess Persephone, this maiden mother rises up from the dark cold underworld and ushers in the blooming time. When modern pagans combined the Teutonic solar holidays with the Celtic fire festivals into the modern day Wheel of the Year, the spring equinox kept Ostara’s name.
The goddess Ostara was originally not only an Earth goddess, but also one of seeds and eggs, another life giving vessel. Ancient and modern pagans would decorate eggs with bright colors and bless the seeds and gardens for the coming harvest, to yield the blessings of the Earth. Notice for this holiday, early Christian religions fused the concept of Easter with the celebrations of Ostara. Both are times of yearly, eternal resurrections, promising life. Both now are associated with decorating eggs. Many pagan holidays were mated with Christian celebrations in an effort to convert the people of the old faith.
As we ask for so many blessings from the Earth, the goddess and gods and the universe, regardless of your faith, many modern pagans take the wheel of the year holidays to give back the blessings and energy to the Earth and give thanks in our celebrations. Here is a simple ritual you can do for Ostara to help send healing blessings to the Earth Mother.
Colored eggs were originally forms of magic. Some were used as charms to keep the forces of harm from destroying the world. Others were made for protection and prosperity. If you normally color Ostara or Easter eggs for yourself or with your children, this can be part of your usual fair.
Take one egg for this ritual. This egg will be a charm for healing the Earth. Color it any healing color you wish. I like greens, reds, orange and yellow. It can be multicolored if you are skilled with your food coloring. Once the base color is on, draw with a marker or paint onto the egg a symbol for healing. Good goddess symbols are crescent moons or spirals. You could draw the circle with a cross through it, the astrological symbol of the Earth, or if you are really ambitious, draw the earth with blue waters and rocky continents and circle it with more healing color. Whatever images that speak to you in the words of healing, use them on the egg. As you create it, you are filling it with your healing energies and intent.
Once done, sit and meditate with the egg. Envision the resurrection of the land and what this healing means to you, the gifts of another spring. Think about healing the Earth of all the damage humankind has done. Visualize it all healed and clean. Then bury the egg in the Earth. It can be in your garden, back yard, park or out in the woods. Send that healing energy into the world.
Remember all rituals should be backed up with real work actions. Recycle, conserve and do what you can to heal the Earth physically too. Have a wonderful Ostara!
Beltane
(Appearing in both the Lightnetwork and The Second Road)
In the original Celtic pagan calendar, there were only two seasons, winter and summer. Only two holidays marked the shift between the growing and dying seasons, Beltane in the spring and Samhain in the fall. Both are fire festivals, times of purification and transformation. Later the two other fire festivals were added, the winter holiday of Imbolc and Lammas summer festival. The Germanic and Norse celebrations of the Summer and Winter Solstices and Vernal and Autumnal Equinoxes were combined with four Celtic fire festivals, which fell between the solar holidays, creating the eight-spoked Wheel of the Year modern pagans use.
Beltane still marks the growing season. Although it is preceded by the Earth goddess’ reawakening at the Vernal Equinox, Beltane marks an important passage in the relationship between the Goddess and God. The God is personified with the Sun and growing light in winter months, but soon is embodied by the new vegetation growing upon the Goddess. The masculine force is the seed of creation, the lord of nature, forests and animals, like the horned gods Cerrnunos from the Celtic tradition and the Greek satyr Pan. The Goddess is the fertile land, the womb in which all life grows. As the young God matures from child to young adult, he takes his place as the lover and mate of the Goddess. He is the virile, masculine force of nature, helping the goddess bloom life across the land. Beltane rituals reflect this, being passionate through dance, song and feasting. The May Pole tradition, a symbol of the God, originates from this pagan holiday. May Day, or May 1st, has now become the fixed holiday of Beltane, but ancient pagan festivals lasted for days.
The word “Beltane” has been translated by some to mean “the fire of Bel”. Bel is a young god of light and fire in the Celtic tradition, who might have been the precursor to the Greco-Roman Apollo. Large fires of sacred wood were lit by the ancient people, and they walked the herds between the fires for purification, burning away the last vestige of winter chill or sickness. Modern day pagans continue purification rites, often walking between ceremonial fires or ceremonial washings for purification.
Celebrate Beltane this year with your own rite of purification, welcoming the new growth of your life. You can incorporate your own ritual into a larger gathering, or keep it simple and private. First start thinking about what needs purification in your life. Do you have a lingering winter cough? Are you holding onto any unwanted feelings and thoughts? Do you feel the need to wipe the slate clean and give yourself a fresh start for the spring? All these things can be solved with a Beltane ritual. Write a list of all the things you want purified.
Start with two flameproof containers, usually metal. Witches in my tradition use cauldrons, but if you do not have a cauldron or two handy, you can use metal pots you don’t mind scorching, or even tin cans. If you want a more elaborate fire, you can gather some dry wood and place them in the containers. Birch, oak, ash and willow are favorites in pagan ritual. Place the fireproof containers far enough apart that you can walk between them easily. Beltane rituals are best done outdoors.
Quiet your mind and feel the growing land around you. Feel connected to the Goddess and the God. Silently invoke their aid in your purification. Ask for purification from all the things on your list. Read your list and release them. Rip the list in two and place half in each metal container. Light fires in each and walk through the fires in the same direction several times. With each pass, release what does not serve your highest good. When done, make sure the ashes are completely extinguished. Bury them with a blessing for the Earth. For those squeamish around fire, you can change the ritual, symbolically bathing your hands and feet for purification, and then submerging your list in the water until the paper falls apart. As always, change rituals to make them yours. They must have meaning for you to be effective. Enjoy the growing season and the blessings of Beltane.
Litha –Midsummer’s Eve- The Summer Solstice 
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
The pagan festival of Litha has many names. Some call it Midsummer, and those with an eye toward the sky know it as the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year. This solstice marks the peak of the solar year. From this moment on, the days will get a little shorter. The remaining light grows more precious. Like many holidays from the Wheel of the Year, Litha contains both light and dark aspects in its celebration. Its true meaning depends on different traditions, myths and personal beliefs. The truth lies on both sides.
On the bright side, this is the day the young and earthy God assumes his responsibility of the land. Midsummer is the coronation of his solar aspect and power, his responsibility as consort to the Earth Goddess. It is a time of celebration and joy, the marriage of the God to the Goddess. They are at the peak of their power. Bounty is afoot. The Earth blooms in celebration of the renewal of their vows. The month of June is named in honor of the Roman goddess of marriage, Juno.
On the darker side, Litha is when the dual nature of the God battles. The God force is divided between the young, bright new God, in many traditions the Oak King, with the older, darker God, the Holly King. The two battle valiantly and the Holly King now defeats the Oak, ushering in the waning season, bringing the darkness, decay and cold. The Oak King assumes the honor and responsibility as consort to the Goddess. In essence, the same God is only changing roles. As the Goddess wears many faces, maiden, mother and crone, the God does as well, one of light and one of darkness. The days now grow shorter. On Litha, the Sun enters the astrological sign of Cancer. Cancer is the sign of the crab, but it is also the sign of the dark devouring mother, the dark Goddess, taking the defeated, and some say slain king, into her arms to the Underworld to await rebirth. Others see the sacrifice and death of the God in the first harvest, on Lammas in August. Six months from Litha, at the Winter solstice, the two battle again, with the Oak King as the foregone winner being the reborn Oak King.
Celebrations of Litha are akin to images from Shakespeare’s Midsummer’s Night Dream. It is a time when day and night, the physical and spiritual, seem to blend together. The boundaries become blurry on this magical night when anything can happen. Otherworldly visitors, the faery folk, are appeased with offerings of milk and honey to prevent too much mischief. The passing of the young God is honored as the dark God assumes the throne. Herbs are gathered at the peak of solar power, particularly magical herbs like Vervain. Magical charms for health and success are consecrated in the Sun’s light. It is a time to store this precious power while at the peak, before the winter months start to encroach. Some focus on the marriage aspect of the God, with celebration, feasting, dancing and singing, much like a pagan hand fasting/wedding celebration.
Have your own Litha celebration. Work your own solar magic. Do as your spirit beckons. If you choose to honor the bright aspects of Midsummer, start your ritual during the day. If you work with the darker aspects, pick the twilight time. I usually choose to honor both, and do a day celebration, and more intimate, private evening meditation. While out in the Sun, honor and acknowledge its life giving power, banishing the winter and bringing the growing season. Draw down the Sun’s energy. Feel your body absorb and store the solar rays to keep you bright, healthy and vital in the coming months. Bring the solar energy into your jewelry, crystals and ritual tools. Pick and charge your magical herbs. At night, reflect on the dark mother as she embraces the solar god. In your mind’s eye, travel with them to the Underworld. Feel the powers start their retreat beneath the Earth once again. Honor them and thank them in your Midsummer ceremony.
Lammas 
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
Lammas is the first of the harvest festivals in the pagan tradition. On this day, August 1st by the modern calendar, the first grain is harvest. The grain is a symbol of the God’s life. The God of pagan religions has many faces and many roles to play. As the Goddess can be seen as triple, Maiden, Mother and Crone, the God has many aspects. At times he is the young god of the Sun and light, a god of nature, wild things, the harvest and the underworld. The defeated God of light from our Midsummer’s celebration is sacrificed for the good of his people on Lammas, to give his followers life through the harvest. The God returns to the underworld for the waning half of the year to rest and regenerate. He will return as the child of the Sun, born again on the Winter Solstice. Many cultures have this resurrected god archetype as a part of their faith. The god lives, dies and returns again. Osiris, Dionysus, Bacchus, and Tammuz are only a few. Some would see Jesus of the Christian faith as a very similar figure. In the Celtic traditions, from which much of Wicca is based, there is Lugh.
Lugh is the sun and grain god often called upon at this time of year. In Wales his name is Lleu Llaw Gyffes, meaning “bright one of the skillful hand.” In the Celtic tribes, knowledge and skill were prized above all, and Lugh was very talented in many arts. He is one of the Tuatha De Dana, the race of gods from the British Isles. They are the children of Danu, the great creatrix Goddess of Celtica. The king of the Tuatha, Nuada, would not admit Lugh to his feast if he did not demonstrate skill. Lugh listed his skills as a warrior, poet, musician, sorcerer, smith and physician. The king was not impressed until Lugh defeated his best chest player. From that point on, Lugh was honored by Nuada and the Tuatha as a sage. He successfully led them in battle against their enemies, Balar of the Evil Eye and his people, the Fomorians.
In Ireland, Lammas was often called Lughnassadh, the feast of Lugh. Lughnassadh means the “funeral games of Lugh” although technically it was not his own funeral, but that of his mother. At the time funerals were not a time of mourning and sadness, but a place to celebrate the memory of the deceased. His mother was honored with a festival of games and entertainment. Later, as Lugh was more strongly associated with the Sun and Harvest, as a shining one, the name implied his cycle of death and resurrection.
At Lammas festivals, the first grain is usually cut and offered to the divine. Modern and ancient pagans alike would create corn dollies, figures made from grains, corn and straw, and burn the effigy, both as an offering, and as a ritual to speed the good God of the Harvest off to his underworld retreat. Cakes are baked using the first grains and offered during a ritual. Games are often played, some in the old traditions of warrior skills, to recreate the festival celebration of this death. Those with bardic skill would retell the tales of Lugh and the Tuatha. It is a time for feasting in every sense of the word.
This year call upon Lugh in your own remembrance of Lammas. The ritual can be as simple or as elaborate as you would like. Even though most of us modern folk do not make our living farming and gardening, take a few moments to remember the harvest. We all depend on the harvest, regardless if it is on our land or somewhere else in the world. In our day of the global market, importing produce from around the world, there is always a harvest going on. This is the day to remember that and give thanks for those who do make their living off the land.
Take a small offering. It can be from your garden, pantry or refrigerator. Anything grown in the Earth will do. Wheat, oats and corn are traditional, but use what you have on hand. Use what means something to you. It can even be a sprig from your favorite bush or tree outside. Take this offering and go outside, under the light of the Sun on Lammas, or the eve of the holiday. Many traditions celebrate ritual on the eve, and the festival during the day. Give thanks to the powers of the land and the sacrificed god, Lugh or whatever being resonates with you. Simply thank the Gods. Give your offering back to these powers. Give your thoughts and intentions of life back to the lands around you. You can bury or burn your offering, or simply leave it out for those of the animal kingdom to take. Take a few moments to meditate on the meaning of Lammas and conclude your ceremony.
Autumn Equinox: Mabon Wine Feast


(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
Mabon is the celebration of the fruit harvest. Sometimes it’s called the wine harvest, because the grapes are gathered and made into the sweet intoxicating elixir. Wine fared well in the ancient worlds, not only as a beverage but often as a sacramental drink. Libations of wine were poured on the Earth as offering to the gods and goddesses, faeries and spirits. The festival of Mabon is named after a divine child in the Celtic myths, the young son Mabon. His mother Modron lost him to the darkness of the underworld for a time. The festival remembering her search is on the Autumnal Equinox, a time of equal light and darkness. The Mabon Celebration is a time between two worlds, honoring the light and the dark, the upper worlds and underworlds.


Another divine child worshiped widely by modern pagans is Dionysus. Dionysus is the “Horned God” and “Savior”, called Bacchus and Liber by the Romans. He is the “twice born” having died and been resurrected, similar to other divine child and savior gods. Some legends say his father Zeus saved him from death when his mother Semele passed on, placing the unborn child in his thigh to grow to maturity. Orphic legends say he is the son of Zeus and Persephone, born as a child of the sky and underworld. In this story he was killed by the Titans and dismembered. They proceeded to roast and eat his remains. Zeus stopped them and had Apollo bury what was left of his body at the temple of Delphi. There Dionysus rises from the dead during the winter months when the Sun god Apollo has left the temple.

This god is the eternal youth, a handsome young man and the patron of pleasure, ecstasy, theatre, music, compassion, nature, regeneration, sex and wine. Woodland creatures, satyrs, centaurs and wild woman followed him. The satyr god Pan was his companion. Through his celebrations, Dionysus releases inhibitions. Some rituals were orgiastic, often violent. The wild woman, the Maenads or Bacchantes, would tear apart animals or even men with their bear hands, similar to their god’s own death. But he preached compassion, emotion and tolerance before ascending as one of the twelve Olympians. Both light and darkness are celebrated in his worship.

Modern pagan can choose to honor Dionysus at the wine feast of Mabon. Prepare for you ritual with a bottle of wine, several if you have a large group. Red is more visceral, like the sacrificed blood, but if you prefer white, then use it. Each is the fruit of the vine. You will also need bread, the bigger the loaf, the better. Vines, grapes, grape leaves and other fruit make an excellent adornment to the altar. When casting a magic circle, call upon four gods who have helped Dionysus in each quarter with the appropriate element.

“In the North, I call upon the element of Earth and the good god Pan to stand with us.

In the East, I call upon the element of Fire as the rising Sun and ask Apollo to join us.

In the South, I call upon the element of Air and the good father Zeus to protect us.

In the West, I call the element of Water and the dark goddess Persephone to watch over us.

I call upon Dionysus, Bacchus and Liber, in all their forms, to join us to be honored in the celebration of the wine feast.”

For the Great Rite, witches usually celebrate the union of the Goddess and God, but in this ritual, we are celebrating the division of light and dark, life and death. All come from one source. Bless the bread and wine, to imbue the god’s essence in them. Take the bread and gather everyone around. Savagely tear the bread apart, like the body of Dionysus, as each participant rips off their share. Get into the trance-like spirit of the ritual. Then pass the chalice of wine around, each having their fill. The celebration can continue in the true spirit of Dionysus, with wild dancing, music, rattles, tambourines, more feasting, drinking, lovemaking and pleasure.

At the conclusion of the circle, thank all the gods who have joined you and release the elements. Take any of the remaining fruit, bread or wine and leave it to the Earth, as am offering and libation to Dionysus.
Samhain 
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
Samhain (pronounced Sow-wen or Sow-ween) is the New Year’s celebration of the pagan traditions. Samhain is a celebration of death bringing new life, drawn from the Celtic traditions of Europe. It is one of the four fire festivals, or holidays between the solar holidays of the equinoxes and solstices. Fire festivals are usually associated with purification. The purification on this day was to prepare for the coming winter.
Traditionally, it’s the time of the meat harvest, when the herd is slaughtered for food in the winter months. Such a harvest is probably why the holiday is associated with death and the afterlife. On this day, the veils between the worlds of the living and dead are said to be the thinnest. From fear of this belief, we have the corruption of this holiday and birth of Halloween. The reason why children dress up in scary costumes was to scare away any ghosts and goblins who passed through the veil between worlds and now walked with the living. Glowing jack o’lanterns played the same role.
Unlike modern society today, the powers of the dead and the underworld were respected, not feared in Celtic society. The holiday relates to the image of the Good God, slain with the grain harvest, Lammas, descending into the underworld on the Equinox, to rest and await resurrection on the Winter Solstice. The mythic image of the God Dagda, the embodiment of life, and the Morrigu, the triple goddess, a force of death and the underworld, mating in a river, a crossroads, on Samhain, bridges the gap between the worlds of life and death. Samhain is a time to honor the family who has gone on to the next life before you. If you pay homage to your ancestors, they will honor you. Many feel their own spirit guides and guardians are deceased relatives watching over them. Altars and offerings of food were placed out for the dead or other beings, like the faery folk and little people, to keep peace and good will towards these other worldly visitors. These practices are similar to rituals done in Central and South America for their own festivals of the dead.
The fearful element was later emphasized by the conquering Holy Roman Empire, trying to discourage pagans from their beliefs and holidays. But the sway of the old ways was too strong, and eventually it was turned into a children’s holiday, without the religious overtones. To take the power away from this holiday, it was turned into something not taken seriously. Those who held onto the old ways, like the witches, wise women and healers, became part of the cartoon imagery, with pointed hats and green faces.
I enjoyed Halloween as a child. I think most do. So I am not telling people to stop celebrating traditions they enjoy, but I am hoping to make people aware of where these traditions originate, and what the significance was and still is, to those reclaiming the old ways. I would love to know that children dressing up would know why they were dressing up, beyond the temptation of free candy. Samhain is one of the most misunderstood pagan holidays and this time of year is great to educate others on views that seem alien to most. My family has always held open Samhain rituals, to invite friends to see what witches really do on Samhain.
Samhain is the day to remember your own mortality, and the gift our life is. Regardless of your own personal traditions, or typical trick or treating, take a few moments this Samhain to remember your loved ones. Set up a special place, in your home or outside. Set up an altar and remember your ancestors. Leave out mementos or small photos of them. Light and candle and say your own special prayer of thanks and remembrance. Leave out food, perhaps their favorite treats. Remember your good times together. Climb the family tree and honor those in the next world. You can find yourself healing hurt feelings and saying things left unsaid, and soon, you could have a better relationship with your ancestor spirits then you did when they were alive. Love moves beyond worlds, and passing freely through them. Use this love as your bond to the past, and ultimately, to your own future.
The Gift of Shadow by Christopher Penczak
Samhain is a celebration of death bringing new life. On this day, the veils between the worlds of the living and dead are thinnest. Traditionally, it’s the time of the meat harvest, when the herd is slaughtered for food in the winter months. What better time of year to give yourself the gift of shadow.
We each have a shadow, a dark side to the light. Part of us is hidden below the surface when the rest of us face the world. We are all a synthesis of light and dark. Some deny it, and lock that part away completely. Others let it out sparingly, and have a difficult relationship with shadow. It may manifest as their repressed emotions. They don’t understand the shadow’s function and desire. Some embrace it and lose control, relinquishing their own judgement. The shadow may give voice to all the urges they’ve had but never dreamed of acting upon. The wise ones, in my opinion, make friends with the shadow self.
Darkness has gotten a bad rap, being equated and confused with evil. At times darkness can be cruel, but darkness is the touch of the star filled sky, the womb of Mother Earth, the healing water of the underworld, filled with regeneration for the weary soul. It is a natural part of the universe. Many benevolent goddesses and gods exist in the dark worlds. Macha, Dagda, Rhiannon, Pywll, Persephone, Hecate, Vulcan and Osiris bring great teaching, but at times the lessons can be difficult.
In your healing journey through the darkness, you release your fears of death and mortality, and of living life to the fullest. Life can often be the scarier alternative to death. The darkness forces you into the places where you hide from yourself. Walking through the gates of darkness opens all the unloved soul shards, filled with fear, anger and unhappiness. These unwanted emotions are sometimes necessary for the journey. Desiring not to experience them, many travelers equate these feelings with the darkness, and fail to see the potential for healing. Your shadow wants only to be loved and recognized as part of you.
Part of the shamanic initiation is coming to terms with the darkness to travel freely between the
middle world, Earth, the lower world and the sky realms. Shamans often have journeys in the darkness where they die and are resurrected with new abilities and insights. We all have dark nights of the soul, private, personal initiation often having nothing overtly mystical about them. We may fall into the pits of despair and finally realize we are the only ones with the power to get out. But these experiences transform us as people. These initiations, mystical and mundane cannot be forced. They all happen when the time is right. You can, however, start the process by working with your shadow spirit and your light spirit together.
By acknowledging your shadow, you start building the friendship with it. Potential volatile situations become diffused because you are honoring your hidden side. You honor your anger and fear. They have a purpose. You have a right to feel it. But it does not have a right to control your life. If you acknowledge it, you honor it, and can let it pass, like other thoughts and feelings. If you ignore it or cram it away in the back of your mind, you hold on to it. The unwanted emotions held back fester and brood. They can manifest as unhappiness, the inability to change, spiritual sickness or actual physical illness.
Find a quiet place to meditate. Choose someplace you will not be disturbed. Leave all other concerns behind. This is time for you and only you, but you may want to have a friend on hand to guide you through this exercise and be there for support. Close your eyes and relax you mind, body and spirit. Count from thirteen to one backward. You are now in a meditative state. Ask that all you do be for your highest good. Imagine a sphere of protection around you made from multicolored light. Ask for any guides or guardians in harmony with your intentions to join now.
Imagine a big mirror before you, the size of a door. The reflective surface could even be a pool of liquid or a windowpane of glass. The surface is all cloudy. No reflection is cast. The longer you look into it, the clearer it becomes. There is an image behind the mist. It is becoming more and more visible. Soon the mirror becomes perfectly clear, and in it is your shadow self, your dark reflection, looking back at you. Look carefully at it. It may be just a shadow, or it may be a fully formed being, similar to you. Greet your shadow. Tell it you wish to make friends. Do not feel fear, it cannot hurt you. If you are comfortable, invite the shadow out of the mirror and into your world. It will step through. Ask the shadow any questions you have. Ask it how it feels and how you can honor it better. I’m sure it will tell you something. Go with the first impressions you get from it.
When you are finished with your shadow spirit, thank it. It will return to the mirror and the mirror will dissolve away. You may contact it in a similar manner anytime you like. Other rituals can help you integrate it. Count up from your meditation. When you have difficult emotions, feel them, honor them and let them go as they pass through you. You always have a right to feel the way you do. Your friend is there for support. Take it. And you can always ask the shadow how you may honor it.
Take some time near the season of darkness to do this meditation. For the pagan new year, give yourself the gift of shadow.
Yule – Cycles and Celebrations
(Originally appearing in The Lightnetwork.)
The Wheel of the Year is a spiritual path of celebration, acknowledging and honoring the cycles of nature. By moving with the natural tides of life, one sees the wonderful patterns, the complexity and simplicity of life all around us. This is the heart of spiritual paths that honor the Earth as a loving, creative force. The Earth is seen as Goddess, constant yet ever changing. The sun and vegetation are seen as the God, continually dying and resurrecting. The divine as masculine and feminine, physical and spiritual are honored during the Wheel of the Year.
In such traditions, we move with the land around us. In the Northern Hemisphere, the Winter Solstice, or Yule, marks the rebirth and growth of the sun, offering us light and hope in the dark winter. Imbolc, Feb 2nd, is a time of preparation and cleansing, blessing homes and children to ride out the last of the dark months before spring. It is also called Candlemas because candles are lit to brighten the way. The Spring Equinox is named after the Teutonic goddess Ostare, who rises like the Greek Persephone out of the underworld, ushering in the growing season and new life. On Mayday, or Beltane, we celebrate the love of the young God and Goddess through frivolity, song and dance, particularly around the May Pole. Midsummer’s, or the Summer Solstice, marks the waning half of the year. The Vegetation and Solar God is defeated by his dark half. His death is celebrated on Aug. 1, on Lammas, with the cutting of grains for the first harvest. The fruit harvest is on the Autumnal Equinox, named after the Celtic god Mabon who loses himself in the underworld. The last of the eight festivals of the wheel is Samhain.
The Celtic New Year falls on October 31st, Samhain. It is both a beginning and an end. Samhain is a festival of death, but a celebration of death honoring the ancestors who have passed on to the next world. The gates between worlds are open, allowing communication and blessings to pass through. Samhain also celebrates the new life, new beginnings. The energy of Samhain is transformation. Like in the Tarot, death simply means change. When a door closes, another opens. Samhain leads us back again to Yule, and the rebirth of the God as the Sun.
Our lives go through similar cycles. We are born, grow, celebrate, live life, slow down and end one existence, to enter another. In most ancient pagan cultures, endings, separation and death were not seen as something bad in and of itself. Endings are a natural part of life, to be honored and accepted. As we end the Wheel of the Year column, and the Lightnetwork, we are not mourning something terrible, though we shall all miss it. We are celebrating a new door opening. We fondly remember our times together, and look forward to when we meet again. Thank you all for walking this road with me. Blessed be ­ Christopher




















Recent Products



Spell Coins


					Designed by Christopher Penczak, teacher, healing practitioner, an award-winning... 



 






The Living Temple of Witchcraft Volume I CD Companion


					Explore the ancient past through the Great Ages, journey... 



 





Upcoming Events


The Gifts of the Goddess:  The Thirteen Powers of the Witch Weekend Intensive on July 29, 2017 9:00 am			

The Gifts of the Goddess:  The Thirteen Powers of the Witch Weekend Intensive on July 30, 2017 9:00 am			

TempleFest on August 17, 2017 4:00 pm			

The Magick of Avalon Weekend Intensive on September 2, 2017 10:00 am			

The Magick of Avalon Weekend Intensive on September 3, 2017 10:00 am			




















 


Apprenticeships



						Learn More					







 


Visit the Store



						Shop Now					


































RSS Feed
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email Address
 


































trucks oh yea by Christopher Islip on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with Facebooktrucks oh yea
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Christopher Islip
        
        on 4 April 2013
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of trucks oh yeaOverturned Trucks and How they EffectOur Environment! Today we will be asking ourselves two questions about over turned trucks... Questions We Asked Ourselves How does a transport truck actually flip over?How can a overturned transport truck effect our environment?How can we prevent this from happening?  How do transport trucks actually flip over? There is many reason for a transport truck to flip over. The first reason is weather conditions. If the roads are icy, wet or windy the truck can loose control and roll over. Another reason is if the truck is traveling at a high speed and comes to a sudden stop, the truck doesn't have breaks on all of the wheels so the truck its self will stop but the trailer will angle the truck slanted and the friction of the tires will stop the truck causing the entire transport truck to roll over. How do Overturned Transport Trucks EFFECT ourEnvironment? If a overturned transport truck is holding hazardous materials in the trailer those chemicals can be exposed to our environment. If they do leak into our environment it can be dangerous for wild life and even us. If the wild life take in the chemical most likely it will die because there is no treatment. These chemicals can also leak into our water pipelines and I don't know if it is just me but I don't like DANGEROUS CHEMICALS in my water. It also depends which chemical the truck was holding. If the truck was transporting hydrogen peroxide and that stuff got into our water source, let me tell you that would not be good. If you take a small dose of this chemical it can make you sick or unless you take a bigger dose it can kill you... BY: Chris Islip, Jacob Costantino and Ben Lord How can we prevent over turned trucks from occurring? I think we can prevent this horrible accident from happening by not letting certain trucks that contain bio-hazardous materials that could harm or even kill our environment on the highway over a certain weight. If the trucks needed to get to their certain destination but they were carrying hazardous items and they weren't allowed to go on the highway they could pay for a police escort so the citizens would feel a little safer. For our second idea to help prevent these accidents from occurring or even happening, we can put restrictions or even rules for safety reasons. These restrictions include...                       1. If the road conditions are awful the truck driver(s) are required to put their chains on their tires to make there ride go more smoothly and safer.                                                                                                              2. Transport trucks on highways or major roads are to have only a maximum speed of 50 Kilometers.                                                                3. Tucks drivers should be put through a test on how well they can handle different weather condition scenarios... like icy roads, rain, wind storms and hail.Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Christopher Islip
        Civics Culminating ActivityHRE 201 Religion Culminating ActivityPathway: University
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks


Coastal Maine Real Estate mainerealestate





















social





Specializing in Coastal Maine Real Estate
Menu


Contact Us TodayContact Us TodaySedgwick: $849,000Sedgwick: $849,000Machiasport     $599,000Machiasport     $599,000Gouldsboro: $693,000Gouldsboro: $693,000Blue Hill: $1,500,000https://www.tcgre.net/listing/1300092/4-bellevue-ln-blue-hill-me-04614/Lubec: $895,000Lubec: $895,000Sedgwick: $1,250,000Sedgwick: $1,250,000FIND YOUR NEW HOMEAdvanced SearchMap SearchNear Me



FEATURED LISTINGS4 Bellevue LN, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$1,500,000MLS Number1300092VIEW DETAILS7 Harding LN, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$1,250,000MLS Number1315952VIEW DETAILS696 Falls Bridge RD, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$849,000MLS Number1254980VIEW DETAILS696 Falls Bridge RD, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$849,000MLS Number1254986VIEW DETAILS131 Windward LN, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$849,000MLS Number1313465VIEW DETAILS695 Summer Harbor Road, Winter Harbor, ME 04693TownWinter HarborList Price$769,000MLS Number1248953VIEW DETAILS56 Deep Hole LN, Deer Isle, ME 04627TownDeer IsleList Price$750,000MLS Number1301894VIEW DETAILS171 Lighthouse Point RD, Gouldsboro, ME 06607TownGouldsboroList Price$749,000MLS Number1314369VIEW DETAILS127 Paul Bunyan RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$693,000MLS Number1260269VIEW DETAILS85 Mill Pond RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04624TownGouldsboroList Price$665,000MLS Number1319444VIEW DETAILS717 Summer Harbor Road, Winter Harbor, ME 04693TownWinter HarborList Price$650,000MLS Number1043942VIEW DETAILS63 Nashs LN, Perry, ME 04667TownPerryList Price$650,000MLS Number1280447VIEW DETAILS1307 Newbury Neck Road, Surry, ME 04684TownSurryList Price$625,000MLS Number1294591VIEW DETAILS266 East Blue Hill RD, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$625,000MLS Number1315729VIEW DETAILS273 Carter Point RD, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$575,000MLS Number1298634VIEW DETAILS89 Cranberry Point RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$575,000MLS Number1242318VIEW DETAILS34 Water ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$568,500MLS Number1226296VIEW DETAILS30 & 32 Water ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$549,999MLS Number1280610VIEW DETAILS19 Jennys LN, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$535,000MLS Number1289334VIEW DETAILS15 Fiddlers Green LN, Brooklin, ME 04616TownBrooklinList Price$509,000MLS Number1291351VIEW DETAILS53 Herricks Bay LN, Brooklin, ME 04616TownBrooklinList Price$499,000MLS Number1297626VIEW DETAILS665 Gouldsboro Point Rd., Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$499,000MLS Number1317259VIEW DETAILS525 Johnson Cove Road, Roque Bluffs, ME 04654TownRoque BluffsList Price$498,000MLS Number1113941VIEW DETAILS83 Pond House LN, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$465,000MLS Number1285907VIEW DETAILS193 Kelley Point RD, Jonesport, ME 04649TownJonesportList Price$425,000MLS Number1306565VIEW DETAILS1755 Port RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$425,000MLS Number1314337VIEW DETAILS487 Yoho Head RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$424,900MLS Number1274696VIEW DETAILS413 Paul Bunyan Road, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$399,000MLS Number1297701VIEW DETAILS264 Hersey LN, Pembroke, ME 04666TownPembrokeList Price$399,000MLS Number1304073VIEW DETAILS166 Kingfisher TRL, Perry, ME 04667TownPerryList Price$395,000MLS Number1214964VIEW DETAILS134 Redding Road, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$374,900MLS Number1032277VIEW DETAILS539 Falls Bridge RD, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$365,000MLS Number1303293VIEW DETAILS199 Paul Bunyan RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$350,000MLS Number1277281VIEW DETAILS00 Mussel Point LN, Deer Isle, ME 04650TownDeer IsleList Price$350,000MLS Number1305742VIEW DETAILS664 Gouldsboro Point RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$349,000MLS Number1317153VIEW DETAILS97 Water ST, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$339,000MLS Number1285383VIEW DETAILS181 Johnson Cove RD, Roque Bluffs, ME 04654TownRoque BluffsList Price$334,000MLS Number1281504VIEW DETAILS8 Redoubt HL, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$329,000MLS Number1307354VIEW DETAILS470 Graytown RD, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$299,900MLS Number1317809VIEW DETAILS18 Marston Point Road, Machias, ME 04654TownMachiasList Price$299,000MLS Number1114017VIEW DETAILS213 Paul Bunyan RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$298,000MLS Number1289330VIEW DETAILS318 Union ST, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$298,000MLS Number1308341VIEW DETAILSLot 7 Amory, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$298,000MLS Number1315494VIEW DETAILS9 Crowley Island RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04624TownGouldsboroList Price$297,000MLS Number1318848VIEW DETAILS105 and 107 Water, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$279,000MLS Number1301492VIEW DETAILS14 Redoubt HL, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$279,000MLS Number1276358VIEW DETAILS924 Bay RD, Brooklin, ME 04616TownBrooklinList Price$269,000MLS Number1316960VIEW DETAILS749 Paul Bunyan RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$264,000MLS Number1275377VIEW DETAILS264 Hersey LN, Pembroke, ME 04666TownPembrokeList Price$259,000MLS Number1305427VIEW DETAILS937 Bay RD, Brooklin, ME 04616TownBrooklinList Price$250,000MLS Number1299437VIEW DETAILS12 Seaview LN, Robbinston, ME 04671TownRobbinstonList Price$249,900MLS Number1275443VIEW DETAILS17 Capen AVE, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$241,900MLS Number1295407VIEW DETAILS189 Ellsworth Road, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$239,500MLS Number1290409VIEW DETAILS189 Ellsworth Road, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$239,500MLS Number1287615VIEW DETAILS55 Roque Bluffs Road, Roque Bluffs, ME 04654TownRoque BluffsList Price$235,000MLS Number890090VIEW DETAILS134 Clarks Point RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$229,000MLS Number1263702VIEW DETAILS732 North Sedgwick RD, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$225,000MLS Number1298607VIEW DETAILS33 Arthur Damon RD, Charlotte, ME 04666TownCharlotteList Price$219,000MLS Number1311890VIEW DETAILS90 N Duck Cove RD, Roque Bluffs, ME 04654TownRoque BluffsList Price$199,000MLS Number1301976VIEW DETAILS512 Old Eastport RD, Perry, ME 04667TownPerryList Price$198,500MLS Number1288172VIEW DETAILS18 Cedar LN, Whiting, ME 04691TownWhitingList Price$198,000MLS Number1314585VIEW DETAILS27 Main ST, Gouldsboro, ME 04669TownGouldsboroList Price$185,000MLS Number1261793VIEW DETAILS27 Main ST, Gouldsboro, ME 04669TownGouldsboroList Price$185,000MLS Number1263056VIEW DETAILSLot 5 Amory Court, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$175,000MLS Number1078789VIEW DETAILS5 Bluffs of Winter Harbor RD, Winter Harbor, ME 04693TownWinter HarborList Price$175,000MLS Number1236721VIEW DETAILS7 Bluffs of Winter Harbor RD, Winter Harbor, ME 04693TownWinter HarborList Price$175,000MLS Number1236726VIEW DETAILSLot 7 Point RD, Steuben, ME 04680TownSteubenList Price$175,000MLS Number1252362VIEW DETAILS384 N Lubec RD, Lubec, ME 04652TownLubecList Price$174,500MLS Number1248403VIEW DETAILSX Mill ST, Blue Hill, ME 04614TownBlue HillList Price$170,000MLS Number1309475VIEW DETAILS2736 Cutler RD, Cutler, ME 04626TownCutlerList Price$169,900MLS Number1279635VIEW DETAILS643 Corea RD, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$165,000MLS Number1261758VIEW DETAILS1 Wohoa Bay Road, Addison, ME 04606TownAddisonList Price$165,000MLS Number1046778VIEW DETAILS4 Third ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$165,000MLS Number1221178VIEW DETAILSxx Route 1, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$150,000MLS Number1229795VIEW DETAILSxx Route 1, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$150,000MLS Number1260259VIEW DETAILSLot 2 Acadian Oak LN, Sedgwick, ME 04676TownSedgwickList Price$149,900MLS Number1229479VIEW DETAILSLot 4 Amory Court, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$149,000MLS Number957059VIEW DETAILS57 Washington ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$148,500MLS Number1271269VIEW DETAILS337 Route One, Gouldsboro, ME 04607TownGouldsboroList Price$147,000MLS Number1284918VIEW DETAILS7 Collins Cove RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$139,900MLS Number1274430VIEW DETAILS138 Main ST, Dennysville, ME 04628TownDennysvilleList Price$138,500MLS Number1232889VIEW DETAILS3 South ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$137,500MLS Number1217777VIEW DETAILS7 Mt Tom RD, Pembroke, ME 04666TownPembrokeList Price$137,500MLS Number1317999VIEW DETAILSLot 13 Yoho Head RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$125,000MLS Number1255106VIEW DETAILS9 Middle ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$124,900MLS Number1292706VIEW DETAILS50 Davis RD, Perry, ME 04667TownPerryList Price$119,900MLS Number1291604VIEW DETAILSLot 6 Yoho Head RD, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$119,900MLS Number1305444VIEW DETAILS20 Adams ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$99,900MLS Number1242706VIEW DETAILS2 Elm ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$99,000MLS Number1288339VIEW DETAILS2158 Coastal RD, Brooksville, ME 04617TownBrooksvilleList Price$99,000MLS Number1270535VIEW DETAILS6 Mitchell ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$99,000MLS Number1257604VIEW DETAILS306 Youngs Cove RD, Pembroke, ME 04666TownPembrokeList Price$92,000MLS Number1296848VIEW DETAILS37 Adams ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$84,000MLS Number1251803VIEW DETAILS16 Franklin ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$83,000MLS Number1308723VIEW DETAILS526 Leighton Point RD, Pembroke, ME 04666TownPembrokeList Price$78,000MLS Number1222778VIEW DETAILS2 Willow ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$70,000MLS Number1286915VIEW DETAILS8 Water ST, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$59,500MLS Number1274674VIEW DETAILS383 Main ST, Calais, ME 04619TownCalaisList Price$59,000MLS Number1296786VIEW DETAILS79 Monroe ST, Calais, ME 04619TownCalaisList Price$49,000MLS Number1310487VIEW DETAILSLot 2 Surry By The Bay LN, Surry, ME 04684TownSurryList Price$39,995MLS Number1301362VIEW DETAILSLot 1 Surry By The Bay DR, Surry, ME 04684TownSurryList Price$39,500MLS Number1243031VIEW DETAILS25 Toll Bridge RD, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$39,000MLS Number1289628VIEW DETAILS6 Old County RD, Perry, ME 04667TownPerryList Price$35,000MLS Number1231081VIEW DETAILSLot 39 Yoho Head Road, Machiasport, ME 04655TownMachiasportList Price$34,900MLS Number1029472VIEW DETAILS18 Vanesse RD, Eastport, ME 04631TownEastportList Price$34,900MLS Number1219919VIEW DETAILS00 Old County RD, Brooklin, ME 04616TownBrooklinList Price$32,000MLS Number1285683VIEW DETAILS558 Main ST, Calais, ME 04619TownCalaisList Price$29,000MLS Number1281535VIEW DETAILSLot 21B Duck Cove RD, Roque Bluffs, ME 04654TownRoque BluffsList Price$24,900MLS Number1308013VIEW DETAILS10 Wohoa Bay Road, Addison, ME 04606TownAddisonList Price$22,000MLS Number1046790VIEW DETAILS9 Wohoa Bay Road, Addison, ME 04606TownAddisonList Price$19,000MLS Number1046789VIEW DETAILS14 Silver Mine TRL, Sullivan, ME 04664TownSullivanList Price$17,000MLS Number1206942VIEW DETAILS




Coastal & Waterfront





Village & Country





Commercial & Investment





Land & Estates







The Christopher Group, LLC, Coastal Maine Real Estate
	The Christopher Group, LLC specializes in coastal real estate from the Canadian border to the Blue Hill Peninsula and beyond.

	No matter where your real estate dream lies, you can be assured that the Christopher Group, LLC will offer the insight and expertise to guide you. In a state with such a wide variation in pricing, terrain, and social custom, your best asset in property transactions is a dedicated and focused real estate professional with specific expertise in their area. We look forward to assisting you whether buying or selling!









ADVANCED MAP SEARCH
SEARCH FOR YOUR COASTAL HOME WITH OUR ADVANCED MAP SEARCH



Popular SearchesMulti-family100+Single-family30+Bold Coast10+Bold Ocean10+Cape660+Commercial370+Condos over 500k10+Condos under 200k30+Land2320+Maine Oceanfront950+Open Ocean560+Open Ocean Views730+Salt Box<10Saltwater Farm<10Waterfront Land1020+View all




 The Christopher Group, LLC
Licensed Maine Real Estate Broker
info@tcgre.net
Phone: 877-350-4409
Mailing Address: PO Box 311, 5 Main Street, Blue Hill, ME 04614


TESTIMONIALS:Jill is a pleasure to work with! She was responsive, knowledgable, savvy and honest. She helped us find the perfect home in less than three weeks. Then during the purchasing process, Jill was consistently helpful with [...]G.B. in Blue Hill, ME
The sale of my home posed a few unusual challenges. Jill met with me over these issues and teamed up with me to meet them. If the power of positive thinking can sell a house, Jill will make the sale every time. She is [...]LC, Putney, VermontYea Jill & Judy -- I love my realtors!!
W.B. in Blue Hill

	
		 "When I decided to put my house on the market I interviewed many realtors to find someone who fit my needs. Jill Knowles stood out not just for her complete professionalism but also for her deep [...]CM Deer Isle, Maine
	"Thank you so much, Rona, for your patience and help!  B. and I both agree that you are the best broker we have worked with!"
KH, TexasYea Jill & Judy - I love my realtors!!
W.B. in Blue Hill
We truly appreciate all the work you did, Samra, in the past few months in helping us buy our new home in Calais. We feel very fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with you as a realtor. Your charismatic enthusiasm, [...]MM & PO, MassachussettsJill helped us find a home at a time that was particularly trying for our large family. My husband was in one state, I was here in Maine with 6 girls and pets, so coordinating all that and finding a home that fit our [...]L.E. in Blue Hill, ME
Samra, Wow!  That sure was a long haul.  I really appreciate your tenacity in sticking to it and getting it done.  You're amazing!  
NR, Eastport and GAJill and her associate Judy McGeorge were terrific in helping me find a house and providing excellent service and assistance in completing the transaction that led to me finding and purchasing my dream home. I would [...]T.C. in Brooklin, ME
We have been blessed beyond measure for having worked with you through this decision. I think back to our visits to all of the properties and options. Your direction and support was invaluable.
M, J, & J in Brooklin, ME
I had a wonderful experience finding lovely home for my family. Jill was supporting me through the whole process that took only 3-4 month!! She always responded on time, was sensitive to my needs, and resourceful in [...]K.B. in Blue Hill, ME
Jill and her associate Judy McGeorge were terrific in helping me find a house and providing excellent service and assistance in completing the transaction that led to me finding and purchasing my dream home. I would [...]T.C. in Brooklin, ME

Hi Samra,

Tim and I have done much thinking and talking about our visit to Eastport/Lubec area.   

We greatly appreciate all your help, support [...]Sincerely, Annie & Tim from VT
View All Testimonials






Listing data is derived in whole or in part from the Maine IDX & is for consumers' personal, non commercial use only. Dimensions are approximate and not guaranteed. All data should be independently verified. ©2017 Maine Real Estate Information System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.    Privacy Policy

The Christopher Real Estate Group participates in MREIS' Maine Internet Data Exchange (Maine IDX) program, allowing us to display other Maine IDX Participants' listings. This website does not display complete listings. Certain listings of other real estate brokerage firms have been excluded. Mortgage figures are estimates. Check with your bank or proposed mortgage company for actual interest rates. This product uses the FRED® API but is not endorsed or certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.








 







  CRKT - Yea-Go - 5020 – St. Nick's Knives
  








































































My Account

Sign In
or
Register




            My Wishlists
            




Athens, AL




Florence, AL




Foley, AL




Huntsville, AL



















Athens, AL




Florence, AL




Foley, AL




Huntsville, AL





























Shopping Cart
0




Your cart is currently empty.

Continue Shopping







Subtotal:
$ 0.00


Check Out

View or Edit Your Cart








My Wishlists






        Login
      
      /
      
        Register
      



        My Account
      









           Returning Customer
        



Forgot your password?



          New Customer
        
Register















Products


Home
/
Products
/
CRKT - Yea-Go - 5020




















CRKT - Yea-Go - 5020


CRKT



            
            
            
              Out of stock
            
            
            





Over the years, Virginia custom knifemaker Ed Van Hoy has conceived a number of award-winning designs for CRKT, including the highly successful Snap Lock™. Ed is always thinking, and coming up with original ideas, and his new Yea-Go™ is a perfect example. Yea-Go is a Navajo phrase meaning "all your might" and Ed has certainly put all his might behind this one. First he invented an entirely new patent-pending mechanism he calls the Arcuate Opening System (1) (A.O.S.™), which is a new advance in the world of assisted opening that is so popular today. It uses a unique arced internal frame slot and a spring-mounted blade pivot, which together allow the blade to be opened instantly by just a flick of the contoured thumb disk. The locking liner crisply snaps into place. Opening is simply a matter of pressing down on the thumb disk and releasing it quickly with a slight forward flick. The blade is safely stowed when folded, and casual pressure down on the blade does not actuate opening. One-hand closing is quickly accomplished as with any locking liner folder. Like Ed, the design and build of the Yea-Go are permeated with character. The modified drop point blade of premium AUS 8 stainless steel has a swedged top edge, high hollow grind, and is lightened by seven holes. The stainless steel InterFrame build is also optimized by one thick liner and one thinner locking liner. A PPS composite back spacer at the butt aids balance and gives incredible rigidity. The lightweight 6061 aluminum scales are hard anodized matte black, and are also liberally drilled and scalloped. To top it off, Ed has invented a new removable and reversible pocket clip system (2), which can be removed and reversed simply by sliding it out of the detented slot in either scale. Just when you think you've seen it all, here comes a folder that does things differently. What's important is that it does them very, very well. And we have priced the Yea-Go so competitively that you can afford to own one of the most advanced folders available today.
Dimensions

Open Overall Length 7.63 inches
Closed Length 4.63 inches
Weight 4.5 ounces

Blade

Length 3.125 inches
Thickness 0.12 inches
Material AUS 8
Blade-HRC 58-59
Finish Bead-Blast
Grind High Hollow
Style Modified Drop Point

Handle

Material 6061 Aluminum
Liner 420J2

Lock

Type Locking Liner



In-Store Price: $ 69.99
Online Price: $ 53.00

Save
$ 16.99










      Wishlist
    


To add this product to your wish list you must
Sign In
or
Create an account














Shipping & Returns 




Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange. 
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging. 
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.  
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer. 
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted: (if applicable)
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days. 
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. 
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at 
admin@stnicksknives.com.
Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale/clearance items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at admin@stnicksknives.com and send your item to: 934 US Highway 72 W Athens, AL 35611
 
SHIPPING


To return your product, you should mail your product to: 934 US Highway 72 W Athens, AL 35611
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund. 
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.








Related Products 












Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Case - 2015 Championship - Red Pick Bone Trapper - AL15-CATRPB



 $ 165.00
$ 140.25















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Kershaw - Launch 3 - Automatic - Black Aluminum Handle - 7300BLK



 $ 132.00
$ 95.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Kershaw - Emerson - Launch 5 - Automatic Knife - 7600



 $ 179.00
$ 99.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Condor - Bushlore - Fixed Blade w/ Micarta Scales - Plain Edge - CTK232-4.3HCM



 $ 69.00
$ 55.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Zero Tolerance - 0456 Flipper - Titanium - ZT - 0456



 $ 300.00
$ 240.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Zero Tolerance - Flipper - Carbon Fiber - ZT - 0452CF



 $ 275.00
$ 220.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Cold Steel - Urban Edge - 50/50 Edge - Fixed - 43XLS



 $ 29.00
$ 24.00















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Benchmade - AFO II - Automatic - Black Blade - Combo Edge - 9051SBK



 $ 270.00
$ 229.50















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Benchmade- Infidel - Automatic - OTF - Black - 3300BK



 $ 495.00
$ 420.75















Sale





Quick View





      Wishlist
    












Buck - Folding Hunter - 0110BRSFG-B



 $ 78.00
$ 52.00














Recently Viewed Products 










Loading...


Error











is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.

Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist


Close















 









This Limited Offer Ends In: 










                  Save
                




Quantity:


+
-


Add to Cart





Close




















Back to top




