

Product and Delivery FAQ's - Yellowstone Partners






















Yellowstone Partners

HomeAboutProduct and Delivery FAQ's




﻿Office Opening Hours  Yellowstone Partners Office opening hours are as follows:  Monday to Friday = 9 am to 5 pm  ﻿Return Shipment LabelsWe use Hermes as our dedicated courier to return faulty goods back to our warehouse.  Once you have received your RMA email from the Yellowstone support team, please wait for another email with your free shipping label to return your item. Any questions please contact our support team:support@yellowstone-partners.com  Where do we deliver?  We deliver to anywhere on the UK main land meaning anywhere in England, Scotland and Wales, but not Northern Ireland or any of the other islands, such as the Isle of Wight or the Isle of Mann.  Faulty Returns or queriesIf you are experiencing a fault or problem with the item you have bought, we can arrange a refund or an exchange for you. Please simply contact our support team at :support@yellowstone-partners.comAnd provide the following information to help us organise your return: Original Delivery address: Groupon Voucher Code: Order Number/ID  Returns Policy Our policy states that you may return your product within 14 days of the delivery date for a full refund/exchange. The item must be in the condition sold and in it's original packaging if you change your mind, or complete with box and all accessories if the product develops a fault.To ensure we can track the item correctly please write the RMA number on the outside of the package. This can be obtained by e-mailing our support team: support@yellowstone-partners.com We always advise to obtain proof of Posting receipt from the Post Office. Please allow 5 to 7 working days for your refund to be processed once your returned item has been received and checked.   Delivery Enquiries If your having difficulties tracking your order, or need more information please contact our support team:support@yellowstone-partners.com and supply the following information: Groupon Voucher code: Delivery Address: Order Number/ID:Estimated Delivery Time  All orders are delivered within 7 working days and a tracking number will be uploaded to your Groupon account so you can track it's progress. If you have any further questions please contact us.  Groupon Voucher system  Once you have purchased the Groupon voucher you don't have to do anything else as your delivery details are sent to us to ship your item directly to you. Just sit back and wait for your goods to arrive.  I Phone 5 Our Refurbished I Phone 5's are the standard 5 model They are Sim free/unlocked and ready to use, also they come with a 30 days parts and labour warranty included, accidental damage and water damage not included. The phone comes with the charger cable and in a generic box. If you a have any further queries please feel free to contact us.   Nexus 7 Tablet WarrantiesThe standard warranty for a Nexus products is a "30 Day Swapout Warranty" for all faulty products. If you have any problems in 30 days of purchase, please contact us and we will arrange a like for like exchange to be delivered up on receipt of the original faulty item A RMA email will be sent to you with the relevant returns information for you to follow. If you have any further questions please contact us.  Apple Certified Refurbished products The standard warranty for these items is a 12 Month limited warranty, though Apple to supply an extended warranty option which you can purchase directly from them.Please use the link below for more information. https://store.apple.com/Catalog/uk/Images/apple_certified.htmlFull details of all of the above can be located at: https://yellowstone.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/sections/200829171-FAQ      







Create a free website

			Powered by 





















✕





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Yellowstone Partners LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Yellowstone Partners LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Yellowstone Partners LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, pension and profit sharing plans, state and municipal government entities, insurance companies, and other investment advisors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm typically invests in growth stocks of large-cap and small-cap companies. It also invests in value stocks. For its fixed income portion, the firm typically invests in municipal b...
Yellowstone Partners LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also caters to individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, pension and profit sharing plans, state and municipal government entities, insurance companies, and other investment advisors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm typically invests in growth stocks of large-cap and small-cap companies. It also invests in value stocks. For its fixed income portion, the firm typically invests in municipal bonds. The firm was formerly known as Fred L. Dowd Company. Yellowstone Partners was founded in 1972 and is based in in Idaho Falls, Idaho with additional offices in Canton, Ohio; Tacome, Washington; Centennial, Colorado; Boise, Idaho; New York, New York; Tucson, Arizona; Gilbert, Arizona; Salt Lake City, Utah; Helena, Montana.
Detailed Description


3340 Merlin DriveSuite 101Idaho Falls, ID 83404United StatesFounded in 1972



Phone: 208-612-1000

Fax: 208-612-1031

www.yellowstonepartners.com







Key Executives for Yellowstone Partners LLC




Mr. Eric Matthew Rubin


      	Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
      








Ms. Kaylynn Dalebout


      	Chief Financial Officer and Controller
      








Mr. Mark L. Anderson CFA


      	Chief Investment Officer and Chief Investment Strategist
      








Mr. Kevin Donovan


      	Executive Vice President and Director
      








Mr. Sterling Russell CFA


      	Director of Fixed Income
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Yellowstone Partners LLC, please visit www.yellowstonepartners.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Yellowstone Capital Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























yellowstone capital partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Yellowstone Capital Partners, LLC operates as a private equity firm. The Company focuses on energy, power, industrial, water, food, beverage, technology, and life science sectors. Yellowstone Capital Partners serves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1177 West Loop South
Suite 1425
Houston, TX 77027
United States


Phone:
1-713-650-0065


Fax:
1-713-650-0055


Web url:
www.yellowstonecapital.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Omar Sawaf
Yellowstone Capital Partners LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Omar A Sawaf


Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 








Yellowstone Partners, Inc












 
Case Status Reports - CFTC


































U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Ensuring the Integrity of the Futures & Swaps Markets





Transparency
International
Contact Us























 




 
Home // Learn & Protect // Case Status Reports
    



    Follow Us:
    














	Learn & Protect



Submit a Tip


Avoid Fraud


CFTC Fraud Advisories


Foreign Currency Trading




Ask CFTC


Futures Market Basics


CFTC Glossary




Learning Resources







 

    Font Size: AAA // Print // Bookmark




Case Status Report: Yellowstone Partners, Inc









U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission v. Yellowstone Partners, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 5:10-CF-85-FL, (E.D. NC March 9, 2010)
On March 31, 2011, the Court issued an order granting the CFTC's motion to appoint Bruce McDaniel as temporary receiver over the Defendants' property.   Mr. McDaniel’s contact information is:
Bruce McDaniel
McDaniel & Anderson, LLP
P.O. Box 58186
Raleigh, NC 27658
Phone: (919) 872-3000
Fax: (919) 790-9273
On March 1, 2011, the Court granted the CFTC's motion for entry of default judgment.  The Court found the total amount of the loss caused by the Defendants’ fraudulent conduct was $827,779.  Hagemann and Yellowstone are jointly and severally liable for making full restitution to the people they defrauded in an amount of $827,779.  The Defendants are also jointly and severally liable for a civil monetary penalty of $827,779.   Additionally, the Defendants are permanently enjoined from a number of activities related to commodity futures, including the trading of commodity futures, options on commodity futures, commodity options, and forex.  
On March 9, 2010, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) filed a complaint against Dennis Todd Hagemann (“Hagemann”) and Yellowstone Partners, Inc. (“Yellowstone”).  In that complaint, the CFTC alleged that the defendants violated the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, by fraudulently soliciting and misappropriating funds from approximately 25 pool participants. Yellowstone Partners, Inc. is not related to Yellowstone Partners, LLC, an SEC-registered Investment Adviser in Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Related Documents:  Complaint: CFTC v. Yellowstone Partners, Inc., et al.  Order: CFTC v. Yellowstone Partners, Inc., et al.  CFTC Charges Raleigh, North Carolina Man and His Company, Yellowstone Partners, Inc., with Operating a Foreign Currency Ponzi Scheme, 5795-10  Order: Yellowstone Partners, Inc., et al.  Federal Court in North Carolina Orders Dennis Todd Hagemann and Yellowstone Partners, Inc. to Pay More than $1.6 Million for Defrauding Investors in a Foreign Currency Ponzi Scheme, 5999-11






 


Last Updated: April 15, 2011










 









The Whistleblower Program provides monetary incentives to individuals who come forward to report possible violations of the Commodity Exchange Act.








SmartCheck.gov helps investors spot fraud and check the registrations and backgrounds of brokers, firms and advisors.

























		About Us - Yellowstone Partners	


























































			Yellowstone Partners











The treasure of the vast Yellowstone landscape was not created overnight.
About Us









Yellowstone Partners, LLC is a Registered Investment Advisor established in 2005, whose predecessor company was founded in 1972.



The roots of this firm go as deep as its commitment to time-honored values. With a clear objective of being among the premiere wealth management firms in the nation, we manage our clients' assets with a unique blend of competence, caution, and confidence. Our elite ensemble of investment professionals provides peace of mind for affluent clients nationwide.

Why Yellowstone? The treasure of the vast Yellowstone landscape was not created overnight. What better symbol to represent our disciplined and lasting approach to your wealth? We take the time to develop a lasting relationship with our clients. We will look ahead with you and help make your future everything you envision.



Continue Reading
How we do it

























YELLOWSTONE PARTNERS, LLC - PORTLAND, OR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



PORTLAND



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            YELLOWSTONE PARTNERS, LLC
                                    



 





















Y 


YELLOWSTONE PARTNERS, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2215 NW 133RD PL PORTLAND, OR 97229
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts JOHN C CARVETH






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Y

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















		Home - Yellowstone Partners	




























































   











			Yellowstone Partners





















Preserve and Grow Your Wealth
We manage assets with a unique blend of competence, caution and confidence allowing our clients to focus on life's more important assets.
Speak with an Advisor






Be Prepared for Life's Milestones
Our advisors learn client goals and assist in structuring financial strategies to meet coming milestones.
View our Team 




1
2






















View an Introduction Video




Intro Video























  

 
 


							Building a Relationship							 
											Our greatest asset is our client’s trust.					

							Our People							 


  

 
 


							Investment Philosophy							 
											Values from the West shape our value investment philosophy.					

							Our Investment Philosophy							 


  

 
 


							Asset Management							 
											Goal focused objectives show our clients they’re on the right track.					

							Our Strategies							 












Who We Are

We know our clients and they know us.
It’s a bond of mutual trust and appreciation – something we don’t take for granted. 
View some of our thoughts on the economy and some of the metrics we look for in our blog and Economic Outlook.













Recent Articles

 


May 17, 2017
Stuck Between a Rock and Soft Inflation Data
Download PDF Newsletter The April Consumer Price Index (CPI) report released Friday, May 12th demonstrated just how difficult it is for policy makers to accelerate the pace of interest rate increases. While the overall CPI was in line with expectations …



April 26, 2017
New York



April 24, 2017
Myles Blechner



April 21, 2017
April 2017
Our 2nd Quarter Newsletter is now available. Download Second Quarter 2017 Newsletter The S&P 500 was up 6.1% in the first quarter, led by the technology, health care and consumer discretionary sectors. Energy and Telecom were the laggards. In the b …



March 16, 2017
John Wagner



February 7, 2017
Eric Rubin



January 31, 2017
January 2017
Economic forecasting is a difficult business. Accuracy may be hard to achieve but at least capturing the trend is an admirable and valuable goal.



November 30, 2016
Post Election – November 2016
Regardless of individual choice for a specific candidate, it is generally thought that the equity market will be less volatile now that there is certainty in regards to the election.



November 4, 2016
Tyson Schenk



October 3, 2016
Camber Koerner



 










































Yellowstone Capital Partners
































Yellowstone Capital Partners






















Yellowstone Capital Partners



















Team
Passion. Experience. Diligence.




Get in touchAt YCP we welcome an opportunity to meet you and learn more about your business and how we can work together.CONTACT US ▸  Who We Are  







Founding PartnerOmar A. SawafOmar is the Founding Partner and CEO of Yellowstone Capital Partners LLC, a boutique merchant bank and venture capital firm based in Houston Texas. Prior to co-founding YCP in 1993 with his brother Bashar Sawaf, Omar was the President of Capital Guidance, the US subsidiary of a global investment group with core operations in real estate, international trade & distribution and private equity.Omar's business development experience encompassed a variety of companies such as Chung's Foods (Lead - Asian), Grayloc Products (Lead - Oilfield Equipment sold to Oceaneering),Utopia Spring Water (Lead - sold to Perrier), Huxtable's Foods (Lead - Replacement Meals), Master Tile (Lead – Flooring products distribution), and United Meridian Corp (Founding investor, board member from startup to IPO: oil & gas).  In venture capital, YCP’s notable investments were in Capstone Turbines (IPO), Senscient (Gas sensing - Sold to Mine Safety), Agennix (Biotech) SolFocus (Solar), Heliovolt (Solar), Sadra Medical (Percutaneous valve replacement sold to Boston Scientific), IDEV (Stents - sold to Abbott), Atheromed (PAD Atherectomy - sold to Volcano), Cellex & Protonex (Fuel Cells - sold to Plug Power and Ballard)Harvard Business SchoolM.B.AOhio State UniversityB.S., Industrial and Systems Engineering    







Southern Methodist UniversityM.B.A.B.B.A., FinanceprincipalSami SawafSami is a Principal at Yellowstone Capital Partners LLC. Previously, Sami was a Director in the FTI Corporate Finance/Restructuring practice based in Dallas, TX where he focused his time and efforts on the energy, retail, and consumer goods sector. He served both large and small companies tasked with increasing operational efficiency and improving productivity and also represented clients in financial restructuring events. His experience also includes working through complex financial restructurings (credit/loan amendments, recapitalizations, covenant negotiations, ABL placements, etc.) between Companies and Creditor groups. Previously, Sami worked for MENA Solar Energy, a renewable energy startup, and White River Energy, an energy hedge fund.  









