

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Yg Enhanced Fund Lp raised $40,900,000 on December 11th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/391910-yg-enhanced-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=391910  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Yg Enhanced Fund Lp raised $40,900,000 on December 11th, 2015.Get alertedif Yg Enhanced Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:$40,900,000Company:Yg Enhanced Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:-- YG Partners Fund GP, LLC (Executive Officer, Promoter) -- YG Partners, LLC (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - YG Enhanced Fund, LP (0001660753) (Filer)Description:An amount of 41M has been secured in a funding round by Yg Enhanced Fund Lp (December 11th, 2015). Yg Enhanced Fund Lp is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 













 






YG Partners, LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







YG Partners, LLC
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

YG Partners, LLC





















YG Partners, LLC
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Monday, November 24, 2014.






515 Madison Avenue
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (212) 596-7533



Managing Member
Alfred Geary
Cfo, Cco
Rick Muller
Cfo/Coo
Rick Muller
Managing Member
Jason Young




Inception Date2014-11-24
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:48:47.090563
As of Date2017-03-28
Latest Filing2017-03-28
SEC Number801-80607
CRD Number168677
Inception2014-11-24
Legal NameYG Partners, LLC
NameYG Partners, LLC
CIK0001630409
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company











Holdings



Long Positions




Statements



Regulatory AUM


Employees






Funds



Hedge Funds: 6









Long Positions: 2017-03-31

SecurityValue



Conduent Inc (CNDT)
18.47M


Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE)
18.22M


Madison Square Garden Co (MSG)
17.34M


Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. (AXTA)
17.33M


MGM Resorts International (MGM)
14.84M


Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC)
14.27M


Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS)
13.15M


Crown Holdings Inc (CCK)
10.89M


Citizens Financial Group Inc/RI (CFG)
10.89M


Cable One, Inc. (CABO)
10.20M


Gartner Inc (IT)
9.96M


CoreLogic, Inc. (CLGX)
9.43M


Vulcan Materials CO (VMC)
9.28M


Services Corporation International (SCI)
7.57M


MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP)
7.44M


Kennametal Inc. (KMT)
6.06M


Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN)
5.96M


MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN)
5.26M


Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)
4.92M


Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF)
4.50M


Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB)
4.43M


Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (FBHS)
4.08M


National Oilwell Varco Inc (NOV)
3.85M


Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. (COTV)
3.67M


Charter Communications, Inc.  (CHTR)
3.52M


Colfax CORP (CFX)
3.49M


T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS)
3.10M


EVERTEC, Inc. (EVTC)
2.86M


Nexeo Solutions, Inc. (NXEO)
2.72M


Alliance Data Systems Corp (ADS)
2.55M


Ball Corp (BLL)
2.43M


La Quinta Holdings Inc. (LQ)
2.40M


Huntington Bancshares Inc/MD (HBAN)
2.04M


Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII)
2.04M


Flowserve Corp (FLS)
1.63M











03-17
04-16
03-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
467.07M
277.15M
277.15M











03-17
04-16
03-16




Employees
8.00
6.00
6.00







Hedge Funds: 2017-03-28



YG Partners Fund, LP
Delaware


YG Enhanced Fund, LP
Delaware


YG Enhanced Offshore Fund Limited
Cayman Islands


YG Offshore Fund, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


YG Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd.
Cayman Islands


YG Partners Master Fund, Ltd.
Cayman Islands
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC









YG PARTNERS FUND, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











YG PARTNERS FUND, LP
List of persons related to the company YG PARTNERS FUND, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of YG PARTNERS FUND, LP.

CIK Number: 0001580997Company address: YG PARTNERS, LLC 515 MADISON AVENUE, 30TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-596-7530



People related to YG PARTNERS FUND, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryH. Geary  AlfredC/O YG PARTNERS FUND GP LLC 888 SEVENTH AVENUE, 17TH FLOORNEW YORKNYH. Geary  AlfredC/O YG PARTNERS FUND GP LLC 515 MADISON AVENUE, 30TH FLOORNEW YORKNYH. Geary  Alfredc/o YG Partners Fund GP, LLC 515 Madison Avenue, 30th FloorNew YorkNYM. Young  JasonC/O YG PARTNERS FUND GP LLC 888 SEVENTH AVENUE, 17TH FLOORNEW YORKNYM. Young  JasonC/O YG PARTNERS FUND GP LLC 515 MADISON AVENUE, 30TH FLOORNEW YORKNYM. Young  Jasonc/o YG Partners Fund GP, LLC 515 Madison Avenue, 30th FloorNew YorkNY--  YG Partners Fund GP, LLC515 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor New YorkNY--  YG Partners, LLC515 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor New YorkNY




YG PARTNERS FUND, LP on the Web
Related companiesYG Enhanced Fund, LP, YG OFFSHORE FUND, LTD., YGEIA Consulting Group, Inc., YGEIA Group, Inc., YGS, Inc.












 






 

-- YG Partners Fund GP, LLC's involvement in venture capital (via Yg Enhanced Fund Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/234233--yg-partners-fund-gp-llcsection=people&subsection=detail&id=234233




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


--YG Partners Fund GP, LLCGet alertedif -- YG Partners Fund GP, LLC gets funded!-- YG Partners Fund GP, LLCYg Enhanced Fund Lp - Promoter, Executive OfficerDeals involving -- YG Partners Fund GP, LLC$40,900,000 raised with Yg Enhanced Fund Lp on December, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check -- YG Partners Fund ... on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Yg Enhanced Fund  Filing. Jason Young  Published Dec 11  form D – Octafinance






















































 








Saturday, 29 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Yg Enhanced Fund  Filing. Jason Young  Published Dec 11  form D


12/11/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Yg Enhanced Fund  Filing. Jason Young  Published Dec 11  form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/yg-enhanced-fund-filing-jason-young-published-dec-11-form-d/309624/.CaptchaSubmit
Yg Enhanced Fund Form D
The New York-based Yg Enhanced Fund, Lp released form D about $40.90 million offering. This is a new filing. The Limited Partnership raised $40.90 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount was $40.90 million. The offering form was filed on 2015-12-11. Yg Enhanced Fund, Lp’s clarification was: The Investment Manager receives customary management fees as provided in the Issuer’s offering documents.. 
 Yg Enhanced Fund is based in New York. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The D form was signed by Jason Young Managing Partner of the General Partner. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: Yg Partners, Llc, 515 Madison Avenue, 30Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. — Yg Partners Fund Gp, Llc is the related person in the form and it has address: 515 Madison Avenue, 30Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Link to Yg Enhanced Fund Filing: 000091957415008650.
Analysis of Yg Enhanced Fund Offering
On average, companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment fund interests. Yg Enhanced Fund sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The minimum investment for Yg Enhanced Fund ‘s offering is $1000000.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Boonstle  $1.20 million  Fundraising. Amit Gupta  Released Dec 11  SEC Form Man Systematic Tailprotect Offshore Fund  Filing. Alun Davies Submitted Dec 11  SEC form 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?





















YG Enhanced Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











YG Enhanced Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company YG Enhanced Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of YG Enhanced Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001660753Company address: YG PARTNERS, LLC 515 MADISON AVENUE, 30TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-596-7533



People related to YG Enhanced Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountry--  YG Partners Fund GP, LLC515 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor New YorkNY--  YG Partners, LLC515 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor New YorkNY




YG Enhanced Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesYG OFFSHORE FUND, LTD., YG PARTNERS FUND, LP, YGEIA Consulting Group, Inc., YGEIA Group, Inc., YGS, Inc.












 






