

























Ecolab Inc. (ECL) is YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s 5th Largest Position - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Ecolab Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ecolab Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine
KBC Group NV Holds Position in Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ)
Ecolab Inc. (ECL) is YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s 5th Largest Position
Stifel Financial Corp Has $627,000 Position in Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO)
SAExploration Holdings (NASDAQ:SAEX) vs. Basic Energy Services (BAS) Critical Survey
Mawer Investment Management Ltd. Increases Stake in Novartis AG (NVS)
KBC Group NV Lowers Stake in Progress Software Corporation (PRGS)
Prudential Financial Inc. Increases Stake in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO)
Prudential Financial Inc. Reduces Stake in Convergys Corporation (CVG)
Prudential Financial Inc. Increases Stake in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)
KBC Group NV Has $120,000 Stake in Innoviva, Inc. (INVA)
Monsanto Company (MON) Stake Boosted by Bank of The Ozarks
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (BOBE)
Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY) Stake Decreased by Madison Investment Holdings Inc.
NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Purchases 3,828 Shares of Biogen Inc. (BIIB)
GWM Advisors LLC Takes Position in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Stake in Quorum Health Corporation (QHC)
Evermay Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV)
SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (SKM) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub


 


Ecolab Inc. (ECL) is YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s 5th Largest Position

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

YHB Investment Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 112,954 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 649 shares during the period. Ecolab comprises about 2.8% of YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position. YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Ecolab were worth $14,581,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Progressive Investment Management Corp boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab by 1.1% in the first quarter. Progressive Investment Management Corp now owns 4,570 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $573,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Albert D Mason Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab by 1.5% in the first quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 3,465 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $434,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. M Holdings Securities Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. M Holdings Securities Inc. now owns 7,188 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $843,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. First Manhattan Co. boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab by 1.6% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 4,510 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $548,000 after buying an additional 73 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Somerset Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Ecolab by 2.2% in the first quarter. Somerset Group LLC now owns 3,760 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $471,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the last quarter. 75.71% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) traded up 0.45% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $133.05. 611,502 shares of the company were exchanged. Ecolab Inc. has a one year low of $110.65 and a one year high of $134.89. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $132.94 and its 200-day moving average is $126.39. The firm has a market cap of $38.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.43 and a beta of 0.98. 


 Get Ecolab Inc. alerts:



Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.81 by $0.01. Ecolab had a net margin of 9.47% and a return on equity of 18.96%. The business had revenue of $3.17 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.16 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.77 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Ecolab Inc. will post $4.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were paid a $0.37 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $1.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.11%. Ecolab’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 34.91%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Ecolab Inc. (ECL) is YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s 5th Largest Position” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/yhb-investment-advisors-inc-acquires-649-shares-of-ecolab-inc-ecl-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on ECL. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $141.00 price target (up from $133.00) on shares of Ecolab in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $135.00 price target on shares of Ecolab in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Instinet upgraded shares of Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Nomura upgraded shares of Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded shares of Ecolab from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $120.00 to $138.00 in a research report on Friday, May 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Ecolab presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $129.79.
In other news, EVP Stephen M. Taylor sold 23,151 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $133.06, for a total value of $3,080,472.06. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,916,645.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, SVP Bruno Lavandier sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.52, for a total value of $133,520.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 8,922 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,191,265.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 44,810 shares of company stock valued at $5,897,361. 1.49% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Ecolab
Ecolab Inc provides water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. The Company’s cleaning and sanitizing programs and products, pest elimination services and equipment maintenance and repair services support customers in the foodservice, food and beverage processing, hospitality, healthcare, government and education, retail, textile care and commercial facilities management sectors in over 170 countries. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Ecolab Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 



































Portfolio Managers Archives - YHB Investment Advisors, Inc.






























 













Our Team  Portfolio Managers













					Paul R. Martel					President



In addition to managing client portfolios, Paul also serves as Trustee for many clients and their families. Prior to establishing YHB, Paul was a vice president of CIGNA, a major multi-line insurer and provider of investment products and services. In their Individual Financial Division, he was responsible for the education of CIGNA staff and field force on investment issues, portfolio management, goal setting, and the role and use of investment securities. In this capacity, he designed and evaluated hundreds of individual and pension investment portfolios. Paul began his investment career in 1978 spending five years with a leading Wall Street firm where he gained broad experience in the stock and bond markets.

Paul has over 35 years of investment management experience. In 2010, Investment News awarded Paul the Community Leadership Award for Global Community Impact. Also in 2010, Connecticut Magazine recognized Paul as a Five Star Professional, an award given to the top professionals in the investment field. Paul is also the founder and President of YHB Charitable Endowment, a tax-favored vehicle for managing and distributing client-directed charitable donations. In his spare time, Paul does significant humanitarian work and served for many years as President and Board Member of Healing the Children, NE. He has organized 14 surgical teams traveling to Ecuador, Colombia, Guatemala and Paraguay to provide free surgical care for critically ill, needy children. In 2007, he founded CLINICA FIBUSPAM, a small hospital serving the poor in Ecuador. He also founded tax-exempt foundations here in the U.S. and in Ecuador to support the hospital. The organizations are both named Fundacion Internacional Buen Samaritano Paul Martel. Paul is also the author of “To the Least of These My Brothers,” a collection of essays about his humanitarian work.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Mark Everette					CEO & Senior Portfolio Manager



Mark is a Chartered Financial Analyst, and possesses over 30 years of financial, investment and accounting experience. Prior to joining YHB Investment Advisors, Mark acquired broad investment experience as a Vice President at CIGNA Investment Management where he filled financial roles as Controller and Chief Account­ing Officer. Mark began his career at Arthur Andersen & Co., where he received his CPA designation. He assumed leadership at YHB in 2009, becoming the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer. In 2011, 2012 and 2014 Connecticut Magazine recognized Mark as a Five Star Professional, an award given to the top professionals in the investment field.

Mark is a graduate of Brigham Young University and earned his MBA from the University of Connecticut. He has served as a volunteer in his church and community in a variety of different roles. For the Boy Scouts of America he has been a scoutmas­ter and a member of the Executive Board of the Long Rivers Council. Mark was a Treasurer and Executive Board member of Healing the Children – Northeast. The organization conducts medical missions around the world to provide free surgeries to children in need. Mark was a Campaign Director for CIGNA’s United Way campaign. Fluent in Spanish, Mark was a church service volunteer for two years in Argentina.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Dennis Hannigan					Chief Investment Officer



A Chartered Financial Analyst, Dennis has over 30 years of investment, financial and accounting experience. Prior to joining YHB in 2005, Dennis was a Managing Director at CIGNA Investment Management, where he was responsible for equity and fixed-income investment risk management. Dennis started his career at Arthur Andersen & Co. where he passed the CPA examination. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Connecticut and is a member of the Hartford CFA Society and the CFA Institute.
Dennis is a member of The Panama Canal Society and in his spare time enjoys coaching baseball.














					Jared Soper					Senior Portfolio Manager



Jared has over 30 years of experience in all phases of investment management. Before joining YHB, Jared managed approximately $80 million in client assets at Olson Mobeck & Associates. Prior to that, he had his own investment management firm in Colorado.
Currently, Jared serves on the Board of Finance in Glastonbury, CT. Jared is a graduate of the University of Denver and earned a master’s degree in Economics from Colorado State University.














					Jessica Kott					Senior Portfolio Manager



Jessica has a distinguished background in investments and private bank lending, with more than 30 years of in-depth knowledge and experience in the financial services industry. She has extensive experience in analysis, construction and management of invest­ment portfolios. Prior to joining YHB in 2009, Jessica was a Senior Portfolio Manager at U.S. Trust/Bank of America Private Wealth Management, where she managed approximately $300 million in client assets.

Jessica is a graduate of the University of Connecticut with a degree in Economics. She holds a Certified Financial Planner certification. She is an active volunteer in her church and community. Jessica volunteers for the Speaker’ Bureau at Foodshare. She currently serves on the Investment Committee of the Mattatuck Museum Arts and History Center in Waterbury, CT. She is an instructor at the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at the University of Con­necticut, Waterbury Campus. She and her husband have two daughters. They reside in Hamden.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Paul Berman					Senior Portfolio Manager



Paul A. Berman is a Chartered Financial Analyst and possesses over 30 years of portfolio management, financial analysis and corporate finance experience. Before joining YHB in 2013, Paul held positions at leading firms including Horizon Asset Management, Bear Stearns, Nomura Asset Management, Kidder, Peabody and Standard & Poor’s.
Paul is a graduate of Babson College in Wellesley, MA and earned his MBA from The Wharton School. He and his wife have three children.














					Linda Morel					Senior Portfolio Manager



Linda L. Morel has extensive experience in portfolio management, investment planning and analytics.  Prior to joining YHB in 2013, Linda spent 19 years in various financial roles at Cigna.  In her last position she was Vice President with Cigna Investment Management where she was jointly responsible for a portfolio of mortgage investments on behalf of pension investors, valued at approximately $500 million.

Previously she developed, and executed, investment plans for Cigna’s equity real estate portfolios.  Linda began her investment career at Cigna working in Portfolio Management as lead analyst on the Cigna’s Open End Real Estate Fund.
Linda graduated from Western New England University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, majoring in Accounting.  Linda has passed the FINRA Series 65 exam and is a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of Connecticut.
Linda’s community involvement includes volunteering for the New London Soup Kitchen meal service, and fundraising for the Lyme Art Academy and the Williams School in New London.  Linda and her husband have one daughter.  The family resides in Lyme, Connecticut.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Karen Dootson					Portfolio Manager



Karen Dootson joined YHB in January 2009 as an Assistant Portfolio Manager. Karen has over 20 years of analysis, accounting and investment experience. At CIGNA, she gained experience in the Retirement and Investment Services Division, working with company-sponsored retirement plans, defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans and related investment portfolios.

Karen is a graduate of Eastern Connecticut State University with a B.S. degree in Business Administration/Accounting. She also earned an Associate Degree from Bay Path College in Marketing.
Karen has passed the FINRA Series 65 exam and is a Registered Investment Advisor Representative in the State of Connecticut.
She lives in Marlborough, Connecticut with her husband Ken. They have two children in college.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Diane Daley					Portfolio Manager



Diane joined the YHB team in 2011 after holding multiple management roles within CVS Pharmacy for 18 years. In these positions she was responsible for operations with annual sales of $5.2 million. Diane has passed the FINRA Series 65 exam and is a Registered Investment Advisor Representative in the State of Connecticut. Diane has also taught in the CT public school system and holds a certification on K-6 education.

Diane is a graduate of Central Connecticut State University and earned her Master’s degree from the University of Hartford.
Diane has served as a volunteer in her church and community in a variety of roles. Diane served as chairperson on the Trinity Nursery School board, co-chairperson of the Cherry Brook School PTO, and is an active member of the Canton Booster Club and co-chairperson of the Canton High School 2014 and 2015 substance-free post-graduation party.
Diane resides in Canton, CT with her husband Scott and two sons.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Grace Petrarca					Portfolio Manager



Grace S. Petrarca joined YHB Investment Advisors in February 2012 as an Assistant Portfolio Manager.  She began her investment career in 1992 with Shawmut Investment Advisors, where she was responsible for advising bank and non-bank customers regarding mutual funds and annuities.  She is well versed in consulting with clients, providing investment advisory services and executing strategies for broad-based investment portfolios that include multiple asset classes.

Passionate about the environment and clean living, she is the YHB go-to for socially responsible investing.  Grace has passed the investment Series 6, 7, 24, and 63 exams.  She most recently passed the Series 65 exam and is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Investment Advisor Representative.
Grace has a B.A. from Duquesne University and has completed a certification in Ayurvedic Medicine. She lives in New Hartford, Connecticut with her husband Joe and four daughters.


 Read MoreRead Less















					Matt Manning					Portfolio Manager



T. Matthew Manning possesses over 10 years of investment, financial analysis and corporate finance experience. Before joining YHB in 2015, Matt was an Associate Vice President at State Street where he managed an international transaction management team for a global asset management firm. Prior to that, he was a fixed income portfolio manager and trader for SEI Investments where he developed portfolio strategies in investment grade credit and analyzed portfolio risk exposure across seprately managed accounts with over $750 million of AUM.
Matt is a graduate of Saint Joseph’s University in Philadelphia and earned his MBA from Villanova University. He and his wife have a son and daughter.














					Judy Havard					Director of Research



A Chartered Financial Analyst, Judy possesses over 30 years of investment experience. Before joining YHB in 2009, Judy was Vice President at the Johansen Group where she was responsible for portfolio management and equity analysis. Prior to the Johansen Group, Judy was a Vice President of Chase Asset Management Group at JP Morgan Chase in New York. She co-managed a $400 million small cap value fund as well as an additional $25 million in private equity accounts. Judy also held investment management and analysis positions at Massachu­setts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company.

Judy is a graduate of Trinity College in Hartford, CT. She served on the Board of Directors of Arts for Healing in New Canaan, CT, and is active in the special needs community in Fairfield County. Judy has three school-aged sons and her interests include baseball, kayaking, tennis and gardening.


 Read MoreRead Less


















Meet the Rest of the Team
 
 
 














 

Portfolio Managers


Our investment culture encourages collaboration across the broad spectrum of disciplines. We believe teamwork leads to better ideas and results.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

Portfolio Administrators


Our Portfolio Administrators work with our clients in a friendly and respectful manner to simplify the complex day-to-day record keeping, reporting and cashiering involved in managing and utilizing one’s wealth.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

Administrative Support


Our administrative staff supports the entire YHB team. They are responsible for the behind the scenes work ensuring the success of our firm for our clients.
 


Learn More


 




 
 










 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Yhb Investment Advisors Inc                                                                                              - West Hartford                                     , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



West Hartford



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Yhb Investment Advisors Inc
                                    



 





















Y 


Yhb Investment Advisors Inc                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



29 S MAIN ST STE 306 WEST HARTFORD, CT 06107
Get Directions



(860) 561-7050
www.yhbia.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1988
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $310,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Paul Martel                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Yhb Investment Advisors Inc                                                                                              was founded in 1988. Yhb Investment Advisors Inc                                                                                              specializes in Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Y

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Integrity • Independence • Insight - YHB Investment Advisors, Inc.













































 

















Integrity • Independence • Insight
AN INDEPENDENT INVESTMENT ADVISORY FIRM

Want to Learn More?













Learn More About YHB
 
 
 














 

Investments


With each client, YHB develops a diversified portfolio that is individually tailored to help achieve established financial goals.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

Client Services


Each client works closely with an investment manager and a portfolio administrator who are familiar with all aspects of his or her accounts.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

In The Community


Community service not only helps neighbors but also builds camaraderie. We actively support a number of local and worldwide charities.
 


Learn More


 




 
 











A Team of Trusted Professionals
 



Built on a strong foundation of integrity, trust, and transparency.
 




Meet the Team



 
 











Who We Are
 
 
 






YHB Investment Advisors is an independent investment advisory firm with a team of highly experienced portfolio managers who work collaboratively to develop and manage customized portfolios for hundreds of clients.  Our customized portfolios consist primarily of stocks and bonds that are carefully selected through a rigorous analytical process.  We believe we provide the breadth of experience of a large firm but are small enough to give customized attention and service to our clients.  We develop holistic relationships with our clients and their families so that we understand their personal and financial objectives.
Our Team | In the Community
 
 
 







 
 
 












 
Clients 
 
 





 
Years of Longevity 
 
 





 
Assets Under Management 
 
 











Customized Portfolio Management
 
 
 






With each client, YHB develops a diversified portfolio that is individually tailored to help achieve established financial goals.
Client relationships begin with a complete review of each client’s current situation and goals. We help our clients establish clear priorities and realistic investment objectives through a detailed discussion of the client’s expectations, risk tolerance, income needs and special requirements. We then design an investment policy that creates an efficient combination of risks and expected returns. This information, documented as the “Investment Policy Guidelines” for each client, becomes the blueprint for all subsequent investing decisions.
 
 
 







 
 
 














 
 
 




Market Outlook
 



YHB prepares quarterly newsletters that provide our current investment thinking. We present a broad overview of the economy, interest rates, equity markets, and review developing trends in the marketplace.
 




Latest Market Outlook



 
 


 






 














Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $403,000 Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Allergan PLC.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Allergan PLC. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Stake Reduced by Hikari Power Ltd
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact INTL FCStone (NASDAQ:INTL) Share Price
Vince Holding Corp. (VNCE) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Align Technology (ALGN) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Shows
First Trust Advisors LP Sells 9,192 Shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY)
Tableau Software (NYSE:DATA) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.06
Brookfield Canada Office Properties (NYSE:BOXC) Earns Media Impact Score of -0.08
THL Credit (TCRD) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.12
DISH Network Corporation (NASDAQ:DISH) Bonds Drop 1.3% During Trading
Premiere Global Services (PGI) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Shows
Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.15
HANCOCK PAT -II (NYSE:PDT) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.62
RS Legacy Corp (RSH) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.25
Head to Head Comparison: Dave & Buster’s Entertainment (PLAY) versus Cosi (NASDAQ:COSI)
Financial Review: NN (NNBR) versus RBC Bearings (ROLL)
Contrasting INC Research Holdings (INCR) & Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR)
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (DSKE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages
Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.18 Per Share
Critical Contrast: Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) versus ArcelorMittal (MT)
Head-To-Head Comparison: Synutra International (SYUT) & Lifeway Foods (LWAY)







Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $403,000 Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Rehmann Capital Advisory Group cut its stake in  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) by 6.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,659 shares of the company’s stock after selling 121 shares during the period. Rehmann Capital Advisory Group’s holdings in Allergan PLC. were worth $403,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in AGN. Ibex Wealth Advisors bought a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the fourth quarter worth about $538,000.  Becker Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the fourth quarter worth about $23,304,000.  Auxier Asset Management raised its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 16.1% in the fourth quarter. Auxier Asset Management now owns 7,840 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,646,000 after buying an additional 1,090 shares during the period.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the fourth quarter worth about $5,716,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the fourth quarter worth about $2,550,000. 84.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Allergan PLC. alerts:



Shares of Allergan PLC. (AGN) opened at 254.62 on Wednesday. The company has a market capitalization of $85.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 7.93 and a beta of 1.16. Allergan PLC. has a 12 month low of $184.50 and a 12 month high of $261.27. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $241.06 and a 200-day moving average price of $235.56.  Allergan PLC. also saw some unusual options trading on Monday. Stock investors purchased 8,807 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 160% compared to the typical volume of 3,384 call options.





Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $3.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $3.32 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.53 billion. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.29% and a net margin of 82.42%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $3.04 EPS.  On average, analysts forecast that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/rehmann-capital-advisory-group-has-403000-stake-in-allergan-plc-agn.html. 
AGN has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. from $262.00 to $265.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $279.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Citigroup Inc.  reaffirmed a “focus list” rating and set a $261.27 price objective (up from $184.50) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Friday, April 21st. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered shares of Allergan PLC. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $262.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, UBS AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $275.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Monday, May 15th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fifteen have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $275.31.
In other Allergan PLC. news, Director Nesli Basgoz sold 1,889 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $220.45, for a total value of $416,430.05. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.36% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Allergan PLC.
Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN).







Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Integrity • Independence • Insight - YHB Investment Advisors, Inc.













































 

















Integrity • Independence • Insight
AN INDEPENDENT INVESTMENT ADVISORY FIRM

Want to Learn More?













Learn More About YHB
 
 
 














 

Investments


With each client, YHB develops a diversified portfolio that is individually tailored to help achieve established financial goals.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

Client Services


Each client works closely with an investment manager and a portfolio administrator who are familiar with all aspects of his or her accounts.
 


Learn More


 




 
 












 

In The Community


Community service not only helps neighbors but also builds camaraderie. We actively support a number of local and worldwide charities.
 


Learn More


 




 
 











A Team of Trusted Professionals
 



Built on a strong foundation of integrity, trust, and transparency.
 




Meet the Team



 
 











Who We Are
 
 
 






YHB Investment Advisors is an independent investment advisory firm with a team of highly experienced portfolio managers who work collaboratively to develop and manage customized portfolios for hundreds of clients.  Our customized portfolios consist primarily of stocks and bonds that are carefully selected through a rigorous analytical process.  We believe we provide the breadth of experience of a large firm but are small enough to give customized attention and service to our clients.  We develop holistic relationships with our clients and their families so that we understand their personal and financial objectives.
Our Team | In the Community
 
 
 







 
 
 












 
Clients 
 
 





 
Years of Longevity 
 
 





 
Assets Under Management 
 
 











Customized Portfolio Management
 
 
 






With each client, YHB develops a diversified portfolio that is individually tailored to help achieve established financial goals.
Client relationships begin with a complete review of each client’s current situation and goals. We help our clients establish clear priorities and realistic investment objectives through a detailed discussion of the client’s expectations, risk tolerance, income needs and special requirements. We then design an investment policy that creates an efficient combination of risks and expected returns. This information, documented as the “Investment Policy Guidelines” for each client, becomes the blueprint for all subsequent investing decisions.
 
 
 







 
 
 














 
 
 




Market Outlook
 



YHB prepares quarterly newsletters that provide our current investment thinking. We present a broad overview of the economy, interest rates, equity markets, and review developing trends in the marketplace.
 




Latest Market Outlook



 
 


 






 

