Fila Korea Ltd.:  quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceFila Korea Ltd.CompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Fila Korea Ltd.
 









Officers and directors


Jin Myun Kim
President


Yoon Soo Yoon
President


Address
Myeongdal-Ro, Seocho-GuSeoul, SeoulKOR+82 80-022-2468 (Phone)+82-234709651 (Fax)








Fila Korea has been busy putting its best foot forward. The company's a worldwide leader among footwear and sportswear brands and it's pushing for more global market share. Through its operating divisions, it runs about 500 distribution facilities, as well as some 300 franchised retail stores. Fila Korea owns the global Fila footwear, sportswear, intimates, and accessories business. The company typically targets 18- to 34-year-old consumers, but it also makes and markets children's items. Chairman and CEO Gene Yoon is rebuilding and expanding the Fila brand into a worldwide powerhouse akin to its rivals NIKE, adidas (which also owns Reebok), and Puma. To that end, Fila Korea acquired golf's Acushnet in 2011.


More from Hoovers »




Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




Fila Korea Ltd.
Private












SK Group
Private












YAKKA PTY. LIMITED
Private












ASICS AMERICA CORPORATION
Private












DC Shoes, Inc.
Private












Ariat International, Inc.
Private












PRADA USA CORP.
Private












Anhui Technology Imp. & Exp. Co,. Ltd
Private












FILA U.S.A., INC.
Private












PETER BLACK UK
Private












BALLET MAKERS, INC.
Private
















Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon. Find out Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon address and contact details. View other people related to Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

6 MYEONGDAL-RO, SEOCHO-GU  SEOUL  Korea, Democratic People's Republic Of




Companies related to Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001672013Acushnet Holdings Corp.Director 333 BRIDGE STREET  FAIRHAVEN 02719




Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon on the Web
Persons related to Yoon Soo (Gene)  Yoon - Acushnet Holdings Corp.NamePositionCityMary Louise  BohnSee Remarks FAIRHAVENWilliam C.  BurkeSee Remarks FAIRHAVENMaher  DavidFairhavenDoherty  DennisFairhavenDennis D.  DohertySee Remarks FAIRHAVENJohn Francis  Duke JRSee Remarks FAIRHAVENJENNIFER O  ESTABROOKDirector FAIRHAVENFila Korea Co., Ltd.SEOULGregory A.  HewettDirector FAIRHAVENLee  HughGangnam-gu, SeoulConnor  JamesFairhavenDuke, Jr.  JohnFairhavenNauman  JosephFairhavenRyu  Jung-HunJung-gu, SeoulYoon  KeunSeocho-Gu, SeoulChristopher Aaron  LindnerPresident, FootJoy FAIRHAVENMagnus Holdings Co., Ltd.SEOULDavid Eugene  MaherChief Operating Officer FAIRHAVENBohn  MaryFairhavenCHRISTOPHER T  METZDirector TOWSONMirae Asset Partners Private Equity Fund VII SEOULJoseph John  NaumanSee Remarks FAIRHAVENNeoplux No. 1 Private Equity Fund SEOULOdin 3, LLCSEOULOdin 4, LLCSEOULThomas  PachecoPrincipal Accounting Officer FAIRHAVENSteven Francis  PelisekSee Remarks FAIRHAVENPelisek  SteveFairhavenSean S  SullivanDirector ENGLEWOODAhn  SungwooJung-gu, SeoulSTEVEN  TISHMANDirector Walter R.  UihleinPresident & CEO FAIRHAVENDavid P.  ValcourtDirector FAIRHAVENUihlein  WalterFairhavenWB Atlas LLC SEOULNORMAN H  WESLEYDirector Burke  WilliamFairhavenWoori-Blackstone Korea Opportunity Private Equity Fund 1SEOULShin  Yong-KyuGangnam-gu, SeoulSoo  Yoon  YoonSeocho-Gu, SeoulYoon Soo (Gene)  YoonDirector SEOUL












 








Yoon Derek, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Yoon Derek


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Yoon Derek.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (2)
CIK Number: 0001674295


Earliest known filing
June 2016
Latest known filing
June 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Yoon Derek has 2 filings. View Yoon Derek filings.
Similar companiesYOON YOUNG LEE, Yoon Yoon Soo (Gene), YOON WON R, Yoon Tae Sik, Yoon Tae Sik, YOON SUNG YEOL, Yoon Shick, YOON MONICA, Yoon Matthew Swee Kong, Yoon Kyung, Yoon John Y














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Yoon Derek. 







Yoon Matthew Swee Kong, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Yoon Matthew Swee Kong


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Yoon Matthew Swee Kong.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (3)
CIK Number: 0001292123


Earliest known filing
May 2004
Latest known filing
September 2004




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Yoon Matthew Swee Kong has 3 filings. View Yoon Matthew Swee Kong filings.
Similar companiesYoon Yoon Soo (Gene), Yoon Derek, Yoon Shick, YOON SUNG YEOL, Yoon Kyung, Yoon Tae Sik, Yoon Tae Sik, Yoon John Y, YOON MONICA, YOON YOUNG LEE, YOON WON R














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Yoon Matthew Swee Kong. 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Yoon So-yi




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Yoon So-yi  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel



















Gene Yoon - Latest News (UK)















UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
DIRECTORS












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Gene Yoon
207 Regent Street, , London, , W1B 3HH


OVERVIEW - Gene YoonLATEST NEWS







Gene Yoon - Latest News


Gene YoonBloomberg • Thursday 20 July 2017Mr. Gene Yoon is the Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Bregal Sagemount. Mr. Yoon is a Managing Partner of Bregal Sagemount I, L.P. Mr. Yoon served as a Co-Head at Goldman Sachs Private Capital Investing. He was with Goldman Sachs for four years, where he ...
Amber Road Receives Investment from Goldman Sachs, Appoints Yoon to Board of DirectorsSupplyChainBrain • Thursday 20 July 2017Additionally, Gene Yoon, a managing director at Goldman, Sachs has joined Amber Roads' Board of Directors. "Our strong revenue growth and sharp increase in deal size over the past several years show that global trade management has become a mainstream ...






Win A Kim Clijsters Autographed Fila Bag In Honor of Her Hall Of Fame Inductiontennisidentity.com • Monday 17 July 2017Gene Yoon, Global Chairman, Fila The collection’s red/white/blue stands for the USA, the Belgium-born player’s adopted home. The line includes a cap sleeve top, one of Kim’s favorite silhouettes, as well as a matching skort. Both pieces are available ...
Downsize Fitness: For People Seeking Significant Weight LossInc. • Sunday 16 July 2017Who else thinks you're awesome? Gene Yoon, Bregal Sagemount (Former head of Goldman Sachs Private Equity), John Kavchak (The Carlyle Group), Holger Staude (Goldman Sachs), Stephen Kerns (Goldman Sachs), Jens Brenninkmeijer (Goldman Sachs), Antoine Munfa ...
Google Lets Users Choose Their Adsseochat.com • Friday 14 July 2017Pamela Parker, writing for Search Engine Land, spoke with Google business product group manager Gene Yoon on user interest in this new feature. He noted that few users were interested in the data, according to Google’s testing – but those who were ...
FILA & International Tennis Hall of Fame Create Commemorative Kim Clijsters Collectiontennisconnected.com • Friday 14 July 2017“We are thrilled to support Kim as she receives the highest honor in tennis,” said Gene Yoon, Global Chairman at FILA. “Kim has been a part of the FILA family for many years and she is an outstanding ambassador for the brand. As a proven champion on ...
Gene Yoonmedium.com • Friday 14 July 2017This has been a watershed week for sexism and Silicon Valley. The New York Times published a searing article implicating well known VCs in harassing behavior. It feels like the culmination of a years-long effort spearheaded by Sarah Lacy, whose relentless ...
Fila, GLBH Revamp Exec TeamWomen's Wear Daily • Friday 14 July 2017Yoon-Soo "Gene" Yoon, chairman and chief executive officer of Fila Korea, will become chairman of GLBH and Fila. Yoon has been associated with the brand since 1984, when he became its first footwear sourcing agent in South Korea. In 1991, he launched Fila ...
FILA and International Tennis Hall of Fame Launch Commemorative Kim Clijsters Collectionpublicnow.com • Thursday 13 July 2017We are thrilled to support Kim as she receives the highest honor in tennis,' said Gene Yoon, Global Chairman at FILA. 'Kim has been a part of the FILA family for many years and she is an outstanding ambassador for the brand. As a proven champion on and off ...
Kingsport International Incwww.chamberofcommerce.com • Monday 10 July 2017Kingsport International Inc has an annual sales volume of 5M – 9,999,999. .For more information contact Gene Yoon, Owner For maps and directions to Kingsport International Inc view the map to the right. For reviews of Kingsport International Inc see below.
The Cultural Roots of Human Capital Accumulationmpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de • Tuesday 04 July 2017Beyond individualism/collectivism: New cultural dimensions of values. In Kim, Uichol, Harry C. Triandis, Cigdem Kagitcibasi, Sang-Chin Choi, and Gene Yoon, Eds. Individualism and Collectivism: Theory, Methods and Applications. London: Sage, 85-119.
Gene Yoonwww.vbprofiles.com • Saturday 01 July 2017Gene Yoon is the Managing Partner of Bregal Sagemount. Prior to founding Bregal Sagemount, he was the Head of Private Equity for Goldman, Sachs & Co.’s Americas Special Situations Group, where he focused on middle market growth equity investing.
Gene Yoon Photographywww.thumbtack.com • Thursday 25 May 2017How does your service stand out? I would describe my work as being heavily based on a photojournalistic style, which I absolutely love because I'm able to capture those precious moments, but also put pictures together to tell a story. What I most love ...
Five Questions with Gene Yoon, Managing Partner, Bregal SagemountPrivate Equity Hub • Tuesday 14 March 2017Closed first fund with outside investors in February Firm looks for recurring-revenue businesses Looks for recession-proof characteristics Bregal Sagemount in February closed its first fund with outside investors on its $960 million hard cap. Bregal ...
Dutch Olympic Committee signs deal with South Korean sporting goods companyinside the games • Thursday 02 March 2017The Dutch Olympic Committee*Dutch Sports Federation (NOC*NSF) has signed a five-year cooperation agreement with South Korean sporting goods company Fila ... Fila chairman Gene Yoon added: "Fila is a company that believes in the power of TeamNL.
FILA to sponsor Netherlands Olympic teamsTHE KOREA TIMES • Monday 27 February 2017FILA Chairman Gene Yoon, center, toasts with Gerard Dielessen, director general of the Netherlands Olympic Committee (NOC), left, and Sportconfex CEO Bert van der Tuuk after FILA sealed a sponsorship deal with the NOC. Courtesy of FILA The Netherlands ...
FILA Has Entered Into a Sponsorship Agreement with the Netherlands Olympic Committeeprnewswire.com • Friday 24 February 2017The agreement was signed on February 23, 2017 in Arnhem, the Netherlands. FILA Chairman Gene Yoon, FILA North America's Chief Operating Officer Jennifer Estabrook, and Secretary General of the NOC*NSF Gerard Dielessen, were in attendance to represent all ...
FILA Has Entered Into a Sponsorship Agreement with the Netherlands Olympic CommitteeThe Business Journal • Friday 24 February 2017The contract agreement ceremony took place at the High Performance Centre Papendal, in Arnhem. FILA Chairman Gene Yoon, FILA North America's Chief Operating Officer Jennifer Estabrook, and Secretary General of the NOC*NSF Gerard Dielessen, were in ...
FILA Has Entered Into a Sponsorship Agreement with the Netherlands Olympic Committeethenewsmarket.com • Thursday 23 February 2017FILA signed a sponsorship agreement with the Netherlands Olympic Committee (NOC) on February 23 (Central European ... in Arnhem. FILA Chairman Gene Yoon, FILA North America’s Chief Operating Officer Jennifer Estabrook, and Secretary General of the ...
Bregal Sagemount Raises $960M For Oversubscribed Second FundFIN Alternatives • Wednesday 08 February 2017“We are very pleased with the significant level of interest in our second fund,” said Gene Yoon, managing partner of Bregal Sagemount. “This fundraise underscores the success Bregal Sagemount has realized in its short history, which is a credit to ...






Bregal Sagemount Clinches 2nd Fund With $960M In TowLaw 360 • Tuesday 07 February 2017Gene Yoon, a managing partner at Bregal Sagemount, said in a statement that the firm is “very pleased” with the level of interest in the fund, noting that “we’re eager to put this capital to work investing in market-leading companies in high-growth ...
Bregal Sagemount Closes Second Fund with $960 Million of CommitmentsDigital Journal • Tuesday 07 February 2017“We are very pleased with the significant level of interest in our second fund and we’re eager to put this capital to work investing in market-leading companies in high-growth sectors,” said Gene Yoon, Managing Partner of Bregal Sagemount.
Biography of Gene Yoontheofficialboard.com • Friday 06 January 2017Sorry, but Gene Yoon cannot be contacted yet through our email service. Please use our Premium/VIP service to join colleagues of Gene Yoon listed below. Here are a few tips for establishing great contacts. In the Sporting Goods industry, Gene Yoon has 810 ...
Golf ball empire selling stockWorcester Telegram & Gazette • Sunday 23 October 2016Fila Chairman and Chief Executive Gene Yoon expected Acushnet brands to "have incredible new opportunity for growth in the emerging markets in Asia," reported the Journal. A look at the prospectus for the Acushnet IPO reveals a compelling reason why ...
Discovering Coherent Biclusters from Gene Expression Data Using Zero-Suppressed Binary Decision Diagramswww.semanticscholar.org • Friday 21 October 2016In this work, we propose a novel biclustering algorithm that exploits the zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams (ZBDDs) data structure to cope with the computational challenges. Our method can find all biclusters that satisfy specific input conditions ...
Keg Logistics and Atlas Keg Company Join Forcesthebrewermagazine.com • Saturday 08 October 2016Sagemount Managing Partner Gene Yoon added, “This is a perfect example of Sagemount ... Goodwin Proctor provided legal services to Keg Logistics, and Arlington Capital Advisors advised Atlas Keg Company on the transaction. Terms of the transaction ...
Keg Logistics And Atlas Keg Company Join ForcesBrewbound • Tuesday 04 October 2016Sagemount Managing Partner Gene Yoon added, “This is a perfect example of Sagemount’s focus on investing in great growth companies. When you combine a keen understanding of what brewers need with a team fanatical about customer service, it’s not ...
Gene Yoon Photographywww.weddingwire.com • Wednesday 07 September 2016We hired Gene for our wedding in July of 2016 and he was one of our favorite vendors (and we worked with some GREAT people)! We were worried about choosing a photographer seeing as we were planning the wedding from afar. There was a certain style that we ...
TENNIS CLOTHING NEWS  FILA SIGNS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT WITH MARIN CILIC & WATCH HIM PLAY THE 2016 U.S. OPEN LOOKING REALLY SMART10sBALLS Tennis • Friday 26 August 2016“We are excited to welcome Marin back to FILA,” said Gene Yoon, Global Chairman at FILA. “Reuniting with a champion like Marin reinforces our commitment to tennis as a key category. We have known Marin for many years and we are completely aligned in ...
Bregal Sagemount Makes $40MM Equity Investment in Open Lending, LLCabladvisor.com • Wednesday 23 March 2016New York-based growth-focused private capital firm Bregal Sagemount closed a $40 million equity investment in Open Lending, LLC ... As part of the deal, Bregal Sagemount executives Gene Yoon and Blair Greenberg will join Open Lending’s board.
Open Lending Receives $40M Equity Investment from Bregal Sagemountfinsmes.com • Tuesday 22 March 2016Open Lending, LLC, an Austin, Texas-based automated lending services provider, received a $40m minority equity investment from Bregal Sagemount. As part of the deal, Bregal Sagemount executives Gene Yoon and Blair Greenberg will join Open Lending’s board.
Bregal Sagemount Makes Significant Investment in Open Lending, LLCBusiness Wire • Tuesday 22 March 2016As part of the deal, Bregal Sagemount executives Gene Yoon and Blair Greenberg will join Open Lending’s board. “We believe Open Lending’s platform provides financial institutions the most affordable, effective, and timely system for evaluating ...
Gene Yoonrevolvy.com • Thursday 03 March 2016Yoon Yoon-su , commonly known in English as Gene Yoon (Korean 윤윤수; Hwaseong , 9 September 1945) is a South Korean business man. He is the current chairman of FILA . Biography Yoon graduated from Seoul High School in 1964, and Hankuk University of ...
Fila signs Karolina Pliskova! (TWEET INSIDE)Tennis World • Wednesday 13 January 2016"We are thrilled to welcome Karolina Pliskova to the FILA family,” said Gene Yoon, Global Chairman of FILA. “Karolina’s combination of athleticism, drive and grace, align with our core values and make her a wonderful addition to our tennis roster.
FILA Signs Sponsorship Agreement with Karolina Pliskovatennispanorama.com • Tuesday 12 January 2016“We are thrilled to welcome Karolina Pliskova to the FILA family,” said Gene Yoon, Global Chairman of FILA. “Karolina’s combination of athleticism, drive and grace, align with our core values and make her a wonderful addition to our tennis roste
Leverage Takes a Backseat in Private Equitys New NormalInstitutional Investor • Monday 21 December 2015When it comes to discussions in the boardroom, relationships can also change how a deal might go, according to Gene Yoon, a managing partner at another middle-market firm, $650 million New York–based Bregal Sagemount. “It depends on dynamics,” Yoon says.
Keg rent-to-own innovator, Keg Logistics, announces significant capital investmentcraftbrewingbusiness.com • Monday 23 November 2015With every rental payment, a brewery could build equity ownership in the kegs while lowering initial capital investment. RELATED ... U.S. and E.U. brewers has been met with great enthusiasm. Gene Yoon, managing partner, Adam Fuller and Arjun Mehta ...
Highland Park grad reclaiming zest for sports with golf after battle with cancerArts Guide Live • Friday 14 August 2015Allen sent a photo of Troy wearing his Fila shirt and holding his Titleist ball to his buddies Jon Epstein (CEO of Fila USA) and Gene Yoon (chairman of Fila Global) and Yoon sent back a note from JinJiang, China: “This is a great story, Billy.
irth Solutions Announces Significant Investment to Drive Continued GrowthStreetInsider • Monday 20 July 2015"irth Solutions' innovations in delivering mobility, data management, process automation, and analytics, through a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model, are having dramatic impacts on their customer's operations," added Gene Yoon, Managing Partner at Bregal ...
Venture Capital Firms Nominate Their Favorite Interview Questionsbusiness.linkedin.com • Wednesday 25 February 2015So, we asked recruiters and hiring managers from several firms to nominate their favorite interview questions. Here are five of their ... Tip nominated by: Gene Yoon, managing partner at Bregal Sagemount. Team members at VC firms need to be extremely ...






A Preliminary Investigation of the Reliability and Validity of Hofstedes Cross Cultural Dimensionslink.springer.com • Saturday 18 October 2014Blodgett J.G., Vitell S.J., Rose G.M. (2015) A Preliminary Investigation of the Reliability and Validity of Hofstede ... Triandis, Cigdem Kagitcibasi, Sang-Chin Choi, and Gene Yoon. London, U.K.. Sage Publications. 175–188.Google Scholar
TradeGlobal Announces Rebranding to Support Broader Service Offeringdigitalcommerce360.com • Wednesday 11 June 2014opening growth opportunities way beyond those of any company who is only engaging in one of those areas,” said Bregal Sagemount Managing Partner Gene Yoon. “We are determined to grow TradeGlobal into a global leadership role in this segment ...
How a suburban strip mall tenant landed $100 millionCrain's Chicago Business • Saturday 28 September 2013Only Visa subsidiary Authorize.net has greater reach, which is how Bregal Managing Partner Gene Yoon found his way to Roselle from Manhattan. Bankers, investors and competitors have been knocking on Mr. McKenzie's door for the past two years.
Growing Fast, E-commerce Payment Gateway Provider Network Merchants Earns $100M Investmentbuiltinchicago.org • Friday 27 September 2013“The company is well positioned to capture opportunities around the growth in e-commerce and mobile commerce, as well as the growing adoption of integrated payments solutions,” said Gene Yoon, Bregal Sagemont Managing Partner, in a statement. Compared ...
Network Merchants Receives Major Growth Investment from Bregal Sagemount4 Traders • Wednesday 18 September 2013"We're very pleased to be investing in NMI alongside management," said Gene Yoon, Managing Partner at Bregal Sagemount. "Network Merchants has developed a compelling set of products which have seen fantastic traction in the market over the past several years.
Fila extends partnership with Tennis Hall of Famesportswear-international.com • Friday 26 July 2013Gene Yoon, CEO of Global Fila, said: "Tennis is an integral part of the Fila brand and we are thrilled to extend our partnership with the International Tennis Hall of Fame, an organization that celebrates the sport like no other. It is important to Fila to ...
FILA all-set to grab Reebok's market shareMoney Control • Friday 12 October 2012Gene Yoon, global chairman & CEO, FILA, says that FILA is more strong in the lifestyle sports instead of the performance area. Fortunately, if you look at the Indian market, performance sports market, seems to be relatively limited compared to lifestyle.
How FILA's Gene Yoon plans to build a strong brand presence in IndiaEconomic Times • Wednesday 03 October 2012Until Nike and Adidas burst onto the Indian marketplace, only one brand occupied customer mindspace — Bata. But when the new brands urged customers to 'Just Do It' and told them 'Impossible Is Nothing', it was no longer cool to wear the tried and tested ...
Fila expects fillip from Reebok troublesDomain-b • Monday 24 September 2012Despite the Indian government permitting single-brand retailers to own 100 per cent of their Indian operations, Fila plans to sign a 30-year licensing agreement with its current partner, Gene Yoon said.
Fila expects Adidas-Reebok problems to benefit its business in IndiaReuters • Monday 24 September 2012Despite the Indian government permitting single-brand retailers to own 100 percent of their Indian operations, Fila plans to sign a 30-year licensing agreement with its current partner, Gene Yoon said. (Reporting by Nandita Bose; Editing by Prateek Chatterjee)
How Fila plans to gain from Reebok's woesNDTV • Monday 24 September 2012Despite the Indian government permitting single-brand retailers to own 100 per cent of their Indian operations, Fila plans to sign a 30-year licensing agreement with its current partner, Gene Yoon said.
Fila extends local licence for 30 yrsThe Indian Express • Sunday 23 September 2012And with this we will be focusing on more apparel sales here," said Fila global chairman and chief executive officer Gene Yoon. On extending the licence agreement with the city-based Cravatex for such a long time, Yoon said, "I thought it is time to give ...
Fila extends local license for 30 yrs; to double stores by '15Zee News • Sunday 23 September 2012And with this we will be focusing on more apparel sales here," Fila global chairman and chief executive officer Gene Yoon told PTI here. On extending the license agreement with the city-based Cravatex for such a long time, Yoon said, "I thought it is time ...
Vital Insights Gets $20M From Bregal Sagemount To Drive Auto Sales SaaS To New MarketsTechCrunch • Wednesday 08 August 2012“A firm with experience with tech companies of our size going to IPO or exiting,” he said. It also helped that managing partner Gene Yoon, who had come from Goldman Sachs and now joins Vital Insights’ board, “was a great match in terms of our ...
Top Portfolio Products: Muni Bonds from PIMCO & Global Bonds from T. RoweThink Advisor • Friday 08 June 2012Bregal Sagemount will be led by Gene Yoon, formerly of Goldman, Sachs & Co., and will focus on growth-oriented investments in both control and non-control situations. Previously, Yoon was head of private equity for Goldman’s Americas special situations ...
Bregal Sagemount Forms Bregal Sagemount I With $500MM of Capitalabfjournal.com • Thursday 07 June 2012Bregal Sagemount will be led by Gene Yoon, formerly of Goldman, Sachs &Co., and will focus on growth-oriented investments in both control and non-control situations. Previously, Yoon was the head of private equity for Goldman’s Americas Special ...
ITHF to honor 2012 Inducteestennisindustrymag.com • Thursday 10 May 2012The Legends Ball will be co-chaired by Guillaume de Ramel, of Newport, R.I., a real estate investor and director of F.H. Prince & Co., and his wife, Molly; Todd Traina, an independent film producer from San Francisco, and his wife, Katie; and Gene Yoon of ...
International Tennis Hall of Fame to Honor 2012 Inductees at The Legends BallLong Island Tennis Magazine • Thursday 10 May 2012Clouser, chairman of the International Tennis Hall of Fame & Museum. “I would also like to extend our appreciation to our co-chairs, Guillaume and Molly de Ramel, Todd and Katie Traina, and Gene Yoon, whose support will make The Legends Ball an enjoyable ...
Goldman Sachs loses managing director at special situations groupPensions & Investments • Tuesday 27 March 2012Gene Yoon, a managing director at Goldman Sachs Group (GS) and head of private-capital investing in the Americas special situations group, stepped down, according to a person briefed on the departure. Mr. Yoon’s duties will be split among colleagues in ...
Exclusive: Goldman losing private equity execFORTUNE • Monday 26 March 2012Goldman Sachs private equity investor hanging own shingle. Gene Yoon is leaving Goldman Sachs (gs) to manage a new $500 million private equity fund, Fortune has learned. Sources say that the new effort will officially launch in May, and that it will be ...






Coming clean about my first colonoscopyCNN • Tuesday 06 March 2012Dr. Gene Yoon, my gastroenterologist, concedes that for most patients, the preparation is the worst part. Yoon and other physicians now use magnesium citrate, which he said requires patients to drink less, is easier to tolerate and works just as well.
Paedos target Second Life onlineMirror • Thursday 02 February 2012Gene Yoon, Linden Lab's vice-president (business affairs) said: "When you see strictly illegal content on any platform I think it is your responsibility as a corporate citizen to report that to the police. "If somebody is using Second Life or any other ...
DIRECTV offering simultaneous coverage of Australian Open through January 22World Tennis Magazine • Thursday 19 January 2012Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed. “Vera is a proven champion and we are elated that she has become an ambassador for the Fila brand,” said Gene Yoon, Chairman of Fila. “The Fila brand has been worn by champions in tennis for almost ...
Fila extends apparel deal with WTA starsSportspro Media • Monday 16 January 2012The 26-year-old Russian is currently ranked as 19th in the WTA. “We are thrilled to extend our relationship with Kim Clijsters and Svetlana Kuznetsova,” said Fila chairman Gene Yoon. “Both players are long-time members of the Fila family and have ...
Titleist layoffs blamed on seasonal slumpSouth Coast Today • Wednesday 16 November 2011The Titleist Pro-V1 is the world's best-selling golf ball. In August, CEO Gene Yoon visited the company, accompanied by a platoon of Korean journalists. It was a sign of the significance of the purchase to the Korean economy and culture. Yoon was asked ...
Google Unveils Ad Preferences Center For Search And Gmail AdsSearch Engine Land • Monday 31 October 2011Though Google’s testing showed that few users were interested in this data, according to business product group manager Gene Yoon, it also found that the people that were interested were very interested. “This is really a user-targeted feature,” said ...
Acushnet plans to accelerate growth in AsiaGolfWeek • Tuesday 06 September 2011Back home in South Korea, Gene Yoon is widely regarded as a rainmaker. After all, he engineered one of the most successful initial public offerings in the history of the Korean Stock Exchange when he took Fila Korea public in 2010. Don’t be surprised if ...
Acushnet chief Uihlein believes club technology debate is good for gamePGA • Tuesday 06 September 2011Acushnet chief Wally Uihlein believes ... Uihlein said. He spoke last week at the Bay Club, where he introduced Acushnet’s new ownership, a Korean consortium called Alexandria Holdings. The new Acushnet chairman is Gene Yoon, who said that all operations ...
Acushnet chief says technology debate healthyThe Huffington Post • Tuesday 06 September 2011The new Acushnet chairman is Gene Yoon, who said that all operations at Acushnet's headquarters of Fairhaven, Mass., will stay the same. The debate between tradition and technology has been around more than a century, and that is not likely to change.
Titleist keeping jobs in the U.S.Golf Channel • Thursday 01 September 2011According to original reports, the sale to Fila Korea Ltd. and Mirae Asset, a private equity firm, would not bring dramatic change to the company, and on Wednesday Fila Korea chairman and CEO Gene Yoon confirmed to reporters that the company’s ...
Titleist / FootJoy deal completedgolfmagic.com • Wednesday 03 August 2011“We are excited and proud to be part of the storied history of successful growth and evolution of Titleist and FootJoy - two revered and world-class brands," says Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, Ltd. “We are impressed by the decades of ...
Acushnet Company Announces Completion of Saletitleist.com • Friday 29 July 2011“We are excited and proud to be part of the storied history of successful growth and evolution of Titleist and FootJoy - two revered and world-class brands," said Gene Yoon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fila Korea, Ltd. “We are impressed by ...
'Opportunity to cross-pollinate': Fila Korea/Mirae Asset on AcushnetGolf Digest Magazine • Wednesday 08 June 2011The spokeswoman, who requested anonymity, relayed the message after presenting Fila Korea's CEO Gene Yoon a list of questions e-mailed by Golf Digest. "Fila Korea recognizes that Acushnet has done a great job with the current marketing strategy and there ...
Epsteins mulliganNew York Post • Saturday 28 May 2011Fila CEO Gene Yoon, in announcing the deal, did not mention that Jonathan Epstein, the president of Fila USA, played a crucial role in the purchase and that the executive was forced to resign from Fila years earlier after being convicted of submitting ...
Acushnet Company Acquired for $1.225 billiongolfbusinessnews.com • Monday 23 May 2011“The acquisition of Acushnet transforms our platform with a stable of premier world class brands,” said Gene Yoon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fila Korea, Ltd. “We are equally excited to embrace Acushnet’s exceptional management team led ...
Fila takes swing at golf bizTraverse City Record-Eagle • Sunday 22 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Fortune Brands to sell Titleist and FootJoy to Fila KoreaGolf • Sunday 22 May 2011Gene Yoon, Chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, says, "We are excited to embrace Acushnet's exceptional management team led by Wally Uihlein. With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia, we believe that the Acushnet brands have incredible new opportunities ...
Fortune Brands agrees golf deal with FilaFinancial Times • Friday 20 May 2011“With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia, we believe that the Acushnet brands have an incredible new opportunity for growth in the emerging markets in Asia,” said Gene Yoon, Fila Korea chief executive. Fila, which was established in Italy in ...
Titleist, FootJoy parent company soldESPN • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Korean equity firm to buy Acushnet, outbitds HOG by $1.2999 billionhookedongolfblog.com • Friday 20 May 2011“The Fila Korea and Mirae group understands and appreciates our golf industry leadership ... new opportunities for growth in the emerging markets in Asia.” ~Gene Yoon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fila Korea, Ltd. Back on December 8th I ...






Titleist golf brand spun off by Fortune to Fila KoreaBBC • Friday 20 May 2011"With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia, we believe that the Acushnet brands have incredible new opportunity for growth in the emerging markets in Asia," said Gene Yoon, the firm's chief executive. Mirae Asset Private Equity - Korea's largest ...
Fortune Brands signs deal to sell Acushnet golf business to Korean investors for $1.2 billionToledo Blade • Friday 20 May 2011Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add “a stable of premiere world-class brands.” “With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia, we believe that the Acushnet brands have incredible new opportunity for growth in the ...
Fortune Brands selling Titleist, rest of golf unit for $1.2Busatoday30.usatoday.com • Friday 20 May 2011The group buying the golf brands is led by Fila Korea and Mirae Asset Private Equity, Korea's largest private equity firm. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our ...
Fortune Brands reaches deal to sell golf businessDeseret News • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Fila buys Titleist, FootJoy golf brandsGlobe and Mail • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Fortune Brands reaches deal to sell golf businessCleveland Plain Dealer • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Korean company to buy Titleist, FootjoyFox Sports • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add ”a stable of premier world-class brands.” ”With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Korean investors plan purchase of golf giant Acushnet Co.The Herald News • Friday 20 May 2011Fila executives predicted strong growth opportunities in Asia for the golf brands. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add "a stable of premiere world-class brands." "With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia ...
Titleist golf headed to Korea for $1.2 billionplant.ca • Friday 20 May 2011Operating income before charges was $80 million last year, it said. Gene Yoon, chairman and CEO of Fila Korea, said the acquisition will add “a stable of premiere world-class brands.” “With our extensive knowledge and reach in Asia, we believe that ...
How to make your startup succeed where others have failedVentureBeat • Friday 29 October 2010Gene Yoon has been a founder, startup executive ... Some people believe they will succeed where others have failed, because of superior intelligence, or harder work, or even better luck. But the Wright brothers didn’t win because they smarter, more ...
Second Life's Second Act: Business Teleconferencing?Business Insider • Tuesday 07 April 2009Another high-profile exit from Linden Lab, the company behind Second Life: VP for Biz Dev Gene Yoon (a/k/a the avatar "Ginsu Linden") is leaving the company. Gene's departure follows the exit of John Zdanowski, Second Life's CFO, less than two weeks ago.
DataPipe Gets $75 Million from Goldman SachsData Center Knowledge • Tuesday 08 July 2008“We’ve been impressed with DataPipe’s expertise in the managed hosting market and look forward to pursuing additional growth opportunities in partnership with Robb and the DataPipe management team,” said Gene Yoon of Goldman Sachs. DH ...
Experian v. LifeLock: Fraud Is In The Eye Of The BeholderForbes • Thursday 21 February 2008Experian claims that LifeLock keeps its clients’ files in a perpetual state ... Perkins Caufield & Byers and Bessemer Venture Partners. At the time, analyst Gene Yoon of Goldman said, “This investment underscores our belief in LifeLock’s market ...
Catherine Smith presents Inside Linden LabEngadget • Saturday 22 December 2007The first episode features Philip Rosedale, CEO of Linden Lab. During the course of the 'cast, Rosedale does specifically contradict Gene Yoon by consistently referring to the economy, where Yoon has previously insisted no such economy in Second Life exists.
Grace Hung, Claire Kaiser, Derek Tantisalidchai, Gene Yoon, Joseph Myers.slideplayer.com • Wednesday 04 May 20056 To determine if the increase in load is safe, the designers of the airplane would have to determine if the reduction in stress life is at an acceptable level. If not, then a thicker material would have to be used. 7 FTI has developed a process of ...
Fila sees opportunity to expand businessDaily Herald • Saturday 09 August 2003Robert Galvin, who is heading Fila Europe from Biella, Italy; and Gene Yoon, the founder of Fila Korea, which has 400 franchise stores there, who will oversee Fila Asia. "We think we can do a good job," Epstein said. "We have good managers, and we have ...
Fila translates Italian into global strategySports Business Daily • Monday 16 June 2003Along with Epstein and Burch, other ex-Fila execs also joined the new company. Gene Yoon was named CEO and president of SBI in Asia. Tom O'Riordan will assume the role of CEO of SBI in the Americas, and Robert Galvin was named worldwide CFO. Meanwhile ...
Management team acquires Fila companiesBaltimore Sun • Wednesday 11 June 2003Other partners include Gene Yoon, the founder and chief executive of Fila Korea, which runs 400 franchise stores in South Korea. Yoon will be chief executive and president of Sport Brands International in Asia. Robert Galvin, a former executive of Kurt ...










Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp












WINNER's Kang Seung Yoon To Make "Radio Star" Appearance As Special MC | Soompi

















































































































Skip to toolbar


Soompi 
About WordPress
About WordPress 
WordPress.org 
Documentation 
Support Forums 
Feedback  
News 
Forums 
Viki TV 
Chat 
Search 
Join 
Login  












Soompi























Login 











							Soompi.Display.English.Redesign.1x1						















						Soompi.Mobile.English.320x50.ATF					











							Soompi.Display.English.1152x160						
















			WINNER’s Kang Seung Yoon To Make “Radio Star” Appearance As Special MC		



2017-05-10 18:44:45
2017-05-10 18:59:11




											U. Kim									




					May 10, 2017				




 
 Tweet982 Share2K Reddit ShareShares 2K





							Display.Sharethrough.Soompi.1x1						







WINNER’s Kang Seung Yoon will be a special MC for “Radio Star”!
According to agency sources, Kang Seung Yoon recorded for the show on May 10. He was filling in for Super Junior’s Kyuhyun, who was not in the country as he was filming tvN’s “Journey to the West 4.” Interestingly, Kang Seung Yoon’s YG Entertainment senior PSY guested on “Radio Star” on the same day. This episode will air some time this month.



							Soompi.Display.News.English.300x250.BTF						

						Soompi.Mobile.English.300x250.ATF					




This marks Kang Seung Yoon’s first variety show appearance since SBS’s Chuseok special, “Singing Star” (tentative title), which aired eight months ago.
Meanwhile, “Radio Star” MC Kyuhyun will be enlisting this month. Many speculated that Kang Seung Yoon might be the new MC to fill in for Kyuhyun, but the producers of “Radio Star” responded, “Kang Seung Yoon is only starring [on the show] as a special MC. We cannot say that he is the next MC to follow after Kyuhyun.”
Source (1) (2)









 Tweet982 Share2K Reddit ShareShares 2K









							Display.Sharethrough.Soompi.1x1						

						MobileWeb.Display.Sharethrough.Soompi.1x1					






















							Soompi.Display.News.English.300x250.ATF						

						Soompi.Mobile.English.320x50.BTF					






Latest StoriesWatch: Shannon Releases Mysteriously Dreamy Teaser For “Hello” MVBIGBANG’s G-Dragon Displays Close Friendship With IU Through Instagram InteractionGFRIEND’s Comeback Showcase For “Parallel” Sells Out In 30 Seconds15 K-Drama Lines That Are Impossible To Erase From Your MindWatch Live: EXO, Red Velvet, BLACKPINK, And More Perform For “Summer Festival” Special Of “Music Core”“Bride Of The Water God” Reveals Behind-The-Scenes Bromance With New StillsGo Kyung Pyo Makes An Unexpected Transformation In New Preview Stills From Upcoming DramaKim Sejeong Is Full Of Energy In “School 2017” Behind-The-Scenes Stills





							Soompi.Display.News.English.300x250.BTF						

						Soompi.Mobile.English.320x50.BTF					





 

















































