


BnB Enterprise LLC 7/30/13





































































  

Quick Links: Skip to main page content
Skip to Search
Skip to Topics Menu
Skip to Section Content Menu
Skip to Common Links








































								U.S. Food & Drug Administration
							

 







A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español





Enter Search terms

















 


 





Home
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood & Biologics
Animal & Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products


 



 
 

Inspections, Compliance, Enforcement, and Criminal Investigations



















Home
Inspections, Compliance, Enforcement, and Criminal Investigations
Compliance Actions and Activities

Warning Letters

2013













Section Contents Menu
Compliance Actions and Activities
Warning Letters
2013



 

 




 



BnB Enterprise LLC 7/30/13
  Department of Health and Human ServicesPublic Health ServiceFood and Drug Administration Center for Tobacco Products9200 Corporate BoulevardRockville, MD 20850-3229 JUL 30, 2013VIA UPS, Electronic Mail, and Fax  Brian Pyatt PresidentBnB TobaccoBnB Enterprise LLC                                                       344 Maple Ave., West #110Vienna, Virginia 22180admin@bnbtobacco.com Fax: 1-888-283-1699  WARNING LETTER Dear Mr. Pyatt:  The Center for Tobacco Products of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently reviewed your website, http://www.bnbtobacco.com, and determined that your products listed there are promoted for sale to customers in the United States. Under section 201(rr) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act and intended for human consumption. Certain tobacco products, including cigarette tobacco, are subject to FDA jurisdiction under section 901(b) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387a(b)).) (21 U.S.C. § 321(rr)), as amended by the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, these products are tobacco products because they are made or derived from tobacco FDA has determined that your website, http://www.bnbtobacco.com, offers for sale cigarette tobacco. Section 900(4) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 387(4)) defines “cigarette tobacco” as “any product that consists of loose tobacco that is intended for use by consumers in a cigarette.”  We note that under the “Pipe Tobacco” section of your website, you present graphic images of the product brands 4 Aces, The Good Stuff, Kentucky Select, and Red River, which are promoted or labeled as “pipe tobacco;” however, the overall presentation of these products strongly suggests that they are intended for use in a cigarette. Specifically, in your “Pipe Tobacco” section of the website, you promote these product brands for sale with cigarette-injector machines or as part of roll-your-own starter packages or starter kits, which include tobacco, cigarette tubes, and a cigarette machine. This presentation suggests that your products are intended to be used to make cigarettes with the cigarette machines and cigarette tubes with which you promote them. Because the overall presentation of your products, which consist of loose tobacco, suggests that they are intended for use in cigarettes, they meet the FD&C Act’s definition of “cigarette tobacco.”  FDA has determined that several of your products are adulterated under section 902(8) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(8)) because you promote these products as modified risk tobacco products without an FDA order in effect that permits such promotion. Additionally, FDA has determined that several of your products are adulterated under section 902(5) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(5)) or misbranded under section 903(a)(1) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387c(a)(1)) or section 903(a)(7)(A) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387c(a)(7)(A)). You can find the FD&C Act through links on FDA’s homepage at http://www.fda.gov. Modified Risk Tobacco Product Violations You describe a product that you offer for sale on your website, http://www.bnbtobacco.com, as being light by referring to it as such in product labeling or advertising and adding the qualifier “light.”  Specifically, our review of your website revealed that you offer for sale a product listed as: Good Stuff Gold (described as “Good Stuff Light…”).  A tobacco product with a label, labeling, or advertising that uses the descriptor “light,” “mild,” or “low,” or a similar descriptor, is a “modified risk tobacco product” under section 911(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387k(b)(2)(A)(ii)).  Under section 911(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387k(a)), no person may introduce or deliver for introduction into interstate commerce any modified risk tobacco product without an FDA order in effect under section 911(g) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387k(g)). A product that is in violation of section 911(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387k(a)) is adulterated under section 902(8) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(8)). Because your website uses the descriptor “light,” or similar descriptors for the above listed product, this product is a modified risk tobacco product. Because this product is promoted for sale to customers in the United States without an appropriate FDA order in effect under section 911(g) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387k(g)), this product is adulterated under section 902(8) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(8)). Flavored Cigarette Violations Additionally, our review of yourwebsite, http://www.bnbtobacco.com, revealed that you offer for sale the following cigarette tobacco: “4 Aces Mint,” “Kentucky Select Mint,” and “Red River Mint,” which are purported to contain an artificial or natural flavor that is a characterizing flavor of the product. Section 907(a)(1)(A) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387g(a)(1)(A)) provides:                [A] cigarette or any of its component parts (including the tobacco, filter, or paper) shall not contain, as a constituent (including a smoke constituent) or additive, an artificial or natural flavor (other than tobacco or menthol) or an herb or spice…that is a characterizing flavor of the tobacco product or tobacco smoke. As of September 22, 2009, cigarettes marketed and sold in the United States in violation of section 907(a)(1)(A) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387g(a)(1)(A)) are adulterated under section 902(5) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(5)). Section 900(3) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 387(3)) defines “cigarette” as including “tobacco, in any form…that is likely to be offered to, or purchased by, consumers as a cigarette or as roll-your-own tobacco.” Loose tobacco intended to be used in cigarettes meets the definition of “cigarette” and, therefore, is subject to section 907(a)(1)(A) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387g(a)(1)(A)). Additionally, section 900(4) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 387(4)) states that, “[u]nless otherwise stated, the requirements applicable to cigarettes . . . shall apply to cigarette tobacco.” Thus, your flavored cigarette tobacco is adulterated under section 902(5) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387b(5)). If, however, your cigarette tobacco does not contain a characterizing flavor, it is misbranded under section 903(a)(1) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387c(a)(1)) or section 903(a)(7)(A) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. § 387c(a)(7)(A)) as its or labeling or advertising is false or misleading because it makes the representation that the products contain, for example, mint as a characterizing flavor of the tobacco products. Conclusion and Requested Actions The violations discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list. You should immediately correct the violations that are referenced above, as well as violations that are the same as or similar to those stated above, and take any necessary actions to bring your tobacco products into compliance with the FD&C Act.  It is your responsibility to ensure that your tobacco products and all related promotional materials on this website, or any other websites or media in which you advertise, comply with each applicable provision of the FD&C Act and FDA’s implementing regulations. Failure to ensure full compliance with the FD&C Act may result in FDA initiating further action without notice, including, but not limited to, civil money penalties, no-tobacco-sale orders, criminal prosecution, seizure, and/or injunction. Please note that adulterated and misbranded tobacco products offered for importation into the United States are subject to detention and refusal of admission. Please submit a written response to this letter within 15 working days from the date of receipt describing your corrective actions, including the dates on which you discontinued the violative promotion, advertising, sale, and/or distribution of these tobacco products and your plan for maintaining compliance with the FD&C Act. Please note your reference number, RW1300104, in your response and direct your response to the following address: PAL-WL Response, Office of Compliance and Enforcement FDA Center for Tobacco Products 9200 Corporate Boulevard c/o Document Control Center Rockville, Maryland 20850  If you have any questions about the content of this letter, please contact Ele Ibarra-Pratt at (301) 796-9235 or via email at CTPCompliance@fda.hhs.gov.      Sincerely,/s/Ann Simoneau, J.D.DirectorOffice of Compliance and EnforcementCenter for Tobacco Products VIA UPS and Electronic Mail cc: BnB Enterprise LLC1928 Labrador LaneVienna, Virginia 22182 BnB Enterprise LLC44621 Guilford Drive, Suite 130Ashburn, Virginia 20147 bnbtobacco.com@domainsbyproxy.com legal@godaddy.com abuse@liquidweb.com ipadmin@liquidweb.com   
       
      
        -
      





-Close Out Letter
BnB Enterprise LLC - Close Out Letter 7/1/14

-


 

 
 















	Page Last Updated: 08/04/2014


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English








Accessibility
Contact FDA
Careers
FDA Basics
FOIA
No FEAR Act
Site Map
Nondiscrimination
Website Policies










U.S. Food and Drug Administration

							10903 New Hampshire Avenue 
							Silver Spring, MD 20993 
							Ph. 1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332)
Contact FDA














For Government
For Press






Combination Products
Advisory Committees
Science & Research
Regulatory Information
Safety
Emergency Preparedness
International Programs
News & Events
Training and Continuing Education
Inspections/Compliance
State & Local Officials
Consumers
Industry
Health Professionals
FDA Archive






 



Links on this page:









 











	ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO Trademark of Driven Enterprises, LLC. Serial Number: 85344329 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Transportation & Storage Services
ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO










 
Get FREE email alerts













ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO  Trademark Information
 Driven Enterprises, LLC
Bus chartering; Chartering of cars and buses; Chauffeur services; Hired car transport; Limousine services; Taxi transport; Vehicle-driving services




Perfect for these industries

Transportation & Storage Services 





Words that describe this mark
bus   chartering   chartering   cars   buses   chauffeur   services   hired   car   transport   limousine   services   taxi   transport   vehicledriving   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark by Driven Enterprises, LLC 
                                in Marblehead, MA, 01945.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Driven Enterprises, LLC of the ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark.
                           






On Monday, June 13, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO by 
                        Driven Enterprises, LLC, Marblehead, MA  01945.
                        The USPTO has given the ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO 
                        trademark serial  number of  85344329.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO is 
                        
                        
                                            Shannon Jamieson Sadowski of 
                                            New Leaf Legal, LLC,  Suite 6, 649 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge MA 02139
                                .
                            The ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Transportation & Storage Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO 
                            is Bus chartering; Chartering of cars and buses; Chauffeur services; Hired car transport; Limousine services; Taxi transport; Vehicle-driving services. 
                            





Word mark:
 ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

1/18/2017



  Serial Number:  
85344329


  Filing Date:  
6/13/2011


 Registration Number:  
4045573 


 Registration Date:  
10/25/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Bus chartering; Chartering of cars and buses; Chauffeur services; Hired car transport; Limousine services; Taxi transport; Vehicle-driving services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/9/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Driven Enterprises, LLCMarblehead, MA  01945
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Shannon Jamieson Sadowski
New Leaf Legal, LLC
Suite 6
649 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge MA 02139





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (039) - Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/1/1997


First Use In Commerce: 
11/1/1997





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/18/2017
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Shannon Jamieson Sadowski


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search anywhereyouwanttogo on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO 




ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO is providing Bus chartering; Chartering of cars and buses; Chauffeur services; Hired car transport; Limousine services; Taxi transport; Vehicle-driving services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 































Enterprise Holdings Careers - US Homepage






Menu


 




						Just imagine how far you can
							GO.



This is where it all starts.
What’s a career at Enterprise Holdings all about? Taking care of people. Since we opened our doors 60 years ago, our singular focus has been supporting each other, so we can best serve our customers and grow our brands. It’s a simple idea that leads to amazing careers for those who choose to join our global team.









Collaborate. Grow. Advance. GO.
Join our Team



9,467
Internal promotions* since
January 1, 2017
Click here to learn more about our Promote-From-Within philosophy.

*Includes advancements, moves and relocations.





Find Your Fit
Explore the categories below to find the best opportunity for your skills and interests. Your skills and experience may be a match for several career areas. 

View All


Management Training Program


Accounting & Finance


Automotive & Transportation


Corporate & Administrative


Customer Service


IT


Internships


Rental Operations


Sales




Students


Internships


Management Training Program


Accounting & Finance


IT




Entry-Level Professionals


Management Training Program


Accounting & Finance


IT




Management Training Program


Management Training Program




Work From Home


Customer Service


Reservation Sales




Corporate


Accounting & Finance


Corporate & Administrative


Customer Service


IT




Experienced Professionals


Management Training Program


Accounting & Finance


Automotive & Transportation


Corporate & Administrative


Customer Service


IT


Rental Operations


Sales




Support Teams


Accounting & Finance


Automotive & Transportation


Corporate & Administrative


Customer Service


Rental Operations


Risk Management and Claims




Military & Veterans


Management Training Program


Accounting & Finance


Automotive & Transportation


Corporate & Administrative


Customer Service


IT


Sales











A legacy of success you can build on.
From the very beginning, Enterprise Holdings has been a family. Founded by Jack Taylor in 1957, we’ve always operated under a simple philosophy – “Take care of your customers and your employees first, and growth and profits will follow.” 60 years later, the Taylor family continues to do things Jack’s way. And like most families, we’ve gone through some changes. We’ve added to our portfolio of brands. We’re more deeply rooted in our communities. We’ve expanded to a global stage. And we’re proud to have become the largest transportation service provider in the world.













Read our Founding ValuesLearn More about our HistoryAbout Us







Be a part of a new mission.
Enterprise has a rich and distinctive military history, beginning with our founder who served as a decorated naval fighter pilot in World War II on the USS Enterprise. Lessons Jack Taylor learned during his military career – including dedication to service, integrity, team spirit and hard work – influenced the way he did business. Today, we're proud to continue supporting service members and their families at every step of their careers.


My military training has taught me discipline, self-motivation and resilience. It’s had an immediate impact on how I do my job and overcome everyday challenges.
Rushel F.

							2nd Lieutenant - U.S. Army National Guard
Call Center Remote Team Manager
Learn about our Military Heritage Join our Ranks






Ready to GO?
Your future is waiting.



Search for jobs



	 
	 
  
	 





Back to top

				ScrollDown
			


























Products «  Best Enterprises



























HOME
ABOUT
PRODUCTS
SDV INFO
GSA INFO
OUR TEAM
CONTACT






Best Enterprises, LLC has partnered with people who are sensitive to the realities you face, and responsive to your needs. To that end we have cultivated strong relationships and loyalties with our manufacturers. They know and trust us. We know and trust them. Mistakes happen, but when trust is strong, it’s amazing what people will do for each other to make it work, or make it right.
We believe our commitment to great service and excellent value is why we have become the leading regional distributor for a growing number of the industry’s leading manufacturers.





Copper & Fiber
Copper [Premise]
Copper [Security & Low Voltage]
Copper [Outside Plant]
Fiber [Premise]
Fiber [Outside Plant]
Electronics
Electronics
Security
Power Protection
Connectivity
Category Jacks
Category Patch Panels
Faceplates
Fiber Connectors
Fiber Boxes
Copper Patch Cords
Fiber Patch Cords
Enclosures, Racks, Raceway
Enclosures & Racks
Technical Furniture
Runway, Raceway, Basket Tray
Testers, Tools, Accessories
Testers & Tools
Innerduct
Accessories
Labels



Copper & Fiber

Electrical
  
Electronics

Connectivity

Management

Enclosures, Racks, Raceway

Testers, Tools, Equipment

Labels

Security
  Uniview




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Products |  Double G Enterprises, LLC








































Double G Enterprises, LLC





















 All Products >> CategoriesAll Products Incredibowl

Grinders

Containers

Miscellaneous

Extraction tubes

Bubblers

Knives and Swords

Incense

Hand pipes

Water Pipes

  

IncenseVaporizers – plug-insVaporizers – portableExtraction tubesLightersKnives, etc.ContainersIncredibowlGrindersHand PipesBubblersWater pipesMiscellaneousSour Glass









 ©2015 Double G Enterprises, LLC | All Rights Reserved 
 Powered By  The Webster Brothers 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Caritrade Enterprises LLC







































metal fabrication, E-A Eneterprises, LLC Forest Hill, MD Products























E-A Enterprises, LLC410-838-3358


















Expedited Metal Fabrication












Home
About Us
Contact Us
Products
Services
Photos








Home
About Us
Contact Us
Products
Services
Photos





 




Site Furnishings include benches, bike racks, trash receptacles, construction castings, etc.  These items can be used in parks, plazas, municipal areas, or even on a private home.  Contact us for a price and ideas to make your area more attractive.








410.838.3358 (office)

443.987.7091 (mobile)
 
MHIC # 102039
Visa / Mastercard 









Share|











CUSTOM METAL FABRICATION is provided along with design and support of your ideas.  We work from blueprints, sketches, notes on a napkin, or just ideas in your head.  Call us today to discuss your ideas.








       Loading    










Products
E-A Enterprises, LLC is a company that prides it's self on excellent customer satisfaction.  We are located in Forest Hill, MD.  E-A Enterprises, LLC is a supplier and fabricator of site furnishings,  custom metal fabrication, welding - all metals, steel, aluminum and stainless steel......with pride and excellence!
Call, fax, or email  us with any request, no matter how large or small, and we will provide you with a prompt estimate.
 
CUSTOM METAL FABRICATION - WELDING - SITE FURNISHINGS - MISC. METALS - RAILINGS - ALL METALS 








Site Furnishings (Benches,Bike racks, Trash Recepticals,etc.)
     all metals (steel, aluminum, stainless, brass, etc...)    
     small to medium size products
     layout and design
     one piece to thousands
     competitive pricing
     suppliers and distributors of all metals and processed metals
     railings
     handrails and guards
     cable railing systems
     welding
     always on time
 
All metals - All fabrications
 
Misc metals
    bollards
    ladders    
    guards
    beams and columns
    stairs
    handrail
 
Cable railing 
Gates
Security guards
Ornamental work 
Email or fax your needs and specifications and we will be happy to supply a competitive quote in a timely manner.



















































Heavy aluminum plates ready to be fabricated into large industrial cover plates.








Aluminum railings at a private residence.  These are fully welded, custom made with a powder coated finish and professionally installed by our on workers.
































 




             E-A Enterprises, LLC  -  Forest Hill, Maryland  21050 -  410.838.3358  -  © 2010 - 2016











Website powered by Network Solutions®







BBB Business Profile | LegalZoom.com






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Legal Forms
 > 
LegalZoom.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








LegalZoom.com



Request a Quote

































LegalZoom.com






            Business Information
        






(323) 962-8600

LegalZoom.com
18 years in business

        101 N Brand Blvd 11th Fl
        Glendale, CA 91203-2639
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 773-0888
                        

                            (888) 791-0227
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                Business Started: 07/12/1999


                Business Incorporated: 02/08/2007 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Chyna Smith
                






            Business Category
        


                Legal Forms
            




                            Legal Services Plans
                        

                            Divorce Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    LegalZoom.Com, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                600
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























LegalZoom.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                LegalZoom.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/01/2001










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    





94%




[2] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[31] Negative Reviews



[33] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[263] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        LegalZoom.com has received 3.76 out of 5 stars based on 33 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 








