    Douglas Young | Lennox International Inc | ZoomInfo.comDouglas L. Young, Pres., COO - LII Residential Heating, Cooling, Lennox International Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Douglas Young 





 


Douglas Young

 

Pres., COO - LII Residential Heating, Cooling - Lennox International Inc.

 


Douglas Young Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Lennox International Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.lennoxinternational.com 

 

Company Address : 
2140 Lake Pk. Blvd., Richardson, TX,United States, 


 


Douglas Young Profile :
Pres., COO - LII Residential Heating, Cooling - Lennox International Inc. 

 


Douglas Young Biography :


Douglas L. Young was appointed Executive Vice President and President and Chief Operating Officer of LII’s Residential Heating & Cooling segment in October 2006. Mr. Young had previously served as Vice President and General Manager of North American Residential Products since 2003 and as Vice President and General Manager of Lennox North American Residential Sales Marketing and Distribution from August 1999 to 2003. Prior to his career with LII Mr. Young was employed in the Appliances division of GE where he held various management positions in sales marketing and international and consumer services before serving as General Manager of Marketing for GE Appliance division’s $3 billion retail group from 1997 to 1999 and as General Manager of Strategic Initiatives in 1999. 

 


Douglas Young Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Scott Boxer 
Pres., COO, Service Experts 
Please login 


Susan Carter 
CFO 
Please login 


Terry Stinson 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Linda Alvarado 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


John Norris 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.














 




Douglas E. Young | Professionals | Exponent

































   

 































Douglas E. Young, Ph.D.
Principal Scientist

                                Human Factors & Industrial Engineering
                            

Los Angeles


(310) 754-2705

dyoung exponent.com







Dr. Young has over 25 years of experience examining issues related to human performance, human factors, biomechanics, and ergonomics in accidents, injuries, and safety. He has evaluated the human behavior and safety of operation for products manufactured in the automotive and other consumer-product industries, and has studied factors that cause human error and accidents. His scientific expertise includes the analysis of human movement control, coordination, gait, loss of balance, injury assessment, performance in sports and recreational activities, and analysis of accident patterns, as well as reaction time, vision, and the operation of vehicles and machinery.

His research examines effectiveness of warnings, safety information, operation of controls, biomechanics, and accident and injury analyses, as well as human error and its determinants, including movement control, information processing, perception, memory, attention, stress, aging, and training.

Dr. Young also holds the position of Professor in Kinesiology at the California State University in Long Beach (CSULB), is the Director of the Motor Behavior Laboratory, and is a member of the Institutional Review Board for the protection of human subjects at CSULB. He was a co-investigator on a multi-year research grant sponsored by the National Institute of Health and has received numerous awards for his scientific research. He is an active member of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society and the Society of Automotive Engineers. Dr. Young has served as a research consultant with the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Long Beach, California, as a consultant with governmental emergency service agencies, including the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department and Long Beach Fire Department, and as an expert with the Association of Scientific Advisors, Inc.

VIEW MORE


















CREDENTIALS & PROFESSIONAL HONORS

Ph.D., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1988
M.S., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1987
B.S., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1983


Award for Scholarly and Creative Research, California State University

Young Scholar Award, Western College Physical Education Society

Meritorious Performance and Professional Promise Award, California State University




Publications

Leuchter AF, Hunter AM, Jain FA, Tartter M, Crump C, Cook IA. Escitalopram but not placebo modulates brain rhythmic oscillatory activity in the first week of treatment of Major Depressive Disorder. J Psychatr Res 2017; 84:174-183.

Sharpe S, Crump C, Brickerhoff R, Young D. Accelerator-to-brake pedal transition movements during on-road stopping in an older population. SAE Technical Paper 2017-01-1396, 2017.

Moorman H, Niles A, Crump C, Krake A, Lester B, Milan L, Clonginger C, Cades D, Young D. Lane-Keeping Behavior and Cognitive Load with Use of Lane Departure Warning. SAE Technical Paper 2017-01-1407, 2017.

Crump C, Krake A, Lester B, Moorman H, Cades D, Young D. Driver behavior with passive and active vehicle safety systems.  Transportation Research Board (TRB), 2017 Annual Meeting, 2017.

Lester B, Hashish R, Kim R, Moorman H, Hildebrand E, Schwark J, Rauschenberger R, Young D.  Mobile device usage influences gaze patterns to obstacles during locomotion. Proceedings of the Industrial and Systems Engineering Research Conference, 2016.



Cades D, Crump C, Lester B, Young D. Driver distraction and Advanced Vehicle Assistive Systems (ADAS): Investigating the effects on driver behavior. In NA Stanton et al (Eds.) Advances in Human Aspects of Transportation, 2016.

Crump C, Cades D, Lester B, Reed S, Barakat B, Milan L, Young D. Driver distraction and Advanced Vehicle Assistive Systems (ADAS): Investigating the effects on driver behavior. Presented at the Applied Human Factors and Ergonomics Conference, July, 2016.

Crump C, Cades D, Lester B, Reed S, Barakat B, Milan L, Young D. Differing perceptions of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS). Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, 60(1), 861-865, 2016.

Kim R, Lester B, Schwark J, Cades D, Hashish R, Moorman H, Young, D. Gaze behavior during curb approach: The effect of mobile device use. Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting, Sept; 60(1):1580-1584, 2016.

Barakat B, Crump C, Cades D, Rauschenberger R, Schwark J, Hildebrand E, Young D. Eye tracking evaluation of driver visual behavior with a forward collision warning and mitigation system. Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting, 59(1), 1321-1325, 2015.

Crump C, Cades D, Rauschenberger R, Hildebrand E, Barakat B, Young D. Driver reactions in a vehicle with collision warning and mitigation technology. SAE Technical Paper 2015-01-1411, 2015. doi:10.4271/2015-01-1411.

Crump C, Cades D, Rauschenberger R, Hildebrand E, Young D. Dynamic on-road method for evaluation of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS). Proceedings, 3rd Annual World Conference of the Society for Industrial and Systems Engineering, pp. 77–81, San Antonio, TX, October 20–22, 2014. ISBN: 97819384960-2-8.

Cades D, Young D, Glazek, K, Nauhaus, G, Alper S. Motorcoach seat belt use rates in the United States. Proceedings, 2nd Annual World Conference of the Society for Industrial and Systems Engineering, pp. 283–288, ISBN: 97819384960-1-1, Las Vegas, NV, November 5–7, 2013.

Kim R, Nauhaus G, Glazek K, Young D, Lin S. Development of coincidence-anticipation timing in a catching task. Perceptual & Motor Skills: Physical Developmental & Measurement 2013; 117(1):1–20.

Heckman G, Kim R, Lin S, Rauschenberger R, Young D, Lange R. Drivers’ visual behavior during backing tasks: Factors affecting the use of rearview camera displays. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting 2012; 56:2236–2240.
Kim R, Rauschenberger R, Heckman G, Young D, Lange R. Efficacy, and usage patterns for three types of rear-view camera displays during backing up. Society of Automotive Engineers, SAE 2012-01-0287. 

Young D, Heckman G, Kim R. Human factors in sudden acceleration incidents. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting 2011; 55:1938–1942.

Wu W, Young D, Schandler S, Meir G, Judy R, Perez J, Cohen M. Contextual interference and augmented feedback: Is there an additive effect for motor learning? Human Movement Science 2011; 30: 1092-1101. 

Harley E, Scher I, Stepan L, Young D, Shealy J. Reaction times of skiers and snowboarders. Journal of ASTM International, JAI102829, 2010.

Heckman G, Harley E, Scher I, Young D. Helmet use in sledding: Do users comply with manufacturer warnings? Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society 54th Annual Meeting, 2010.

Schmidt, R, Young, D. Cars gone wild: the major contributor to unintended acceleration in automobiles is pedal error. Frontiers in Psychology 2010, doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2010.00209.

Heckman G, Jackson G, Keefer R, Ray R, Harley E, Young D. Mechanisms of automatic transmission console shift selection and driver egress. Society of Automotive Engineers World Congress, April 2009.

Harley E, Trachtman D, Heckman G, Young D. Driver gear-shifting behaviors and errors. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society 52nd Annual Meeting, 2008.

Huntley-Fenner G, Harley E, Trachtman D, Young D. ANSI Z535.6 and conspicuity: A test of the new state of the art format for instructions. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society 51st Annual Meeting, 2007.

Scher I, Young D, Trachtman D. The influence of age on the forces produced during normal seat belt buckling. Proceedings, ASME 2007 Summer Bioengineering Conference (SBC2007), Keystone Resort and Conference Center, Keystone, CO, June 20–24, 2007.

Young D, Trachtman D, Scher I, Schmidt R. High school and college baseball pitchers’ response and glove movements to line drives. Journal of Applied Biomechanics 2006; 22(1):25–32.

Vijayakumar V, Scher I, Pierce J, Bove R, Gloeckner D, Young D, Cargill R. Head kinematics and upper neck loading during simulated low-speed rear-end collisions: A comparison with vigorous activities of daily living. Society of Automotive Engineers, SAE 2006-01-0247.

Young D, Trachtman D, Krauss D. Human performance issues in auditory collision-avoidance systems. 10th Annual International Conference on Industrial Engineering, Clearwater, FL, 2005.

Scher I, Young D, Trachtman D, Dubey A. Falling objects: Is there really a potential for head injury? 2005 Summer Bioengineering Conference, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Vail, CO, 2005.

Trachtman D, Schmidt R, Young D. The role of pedal configuration in unintended-acceleration and pedal-error accidents. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, 49th Annual Meeting, Orlando, FL, 2005.

Keetch K, Schmidt R, Lee T, Young D. Especial skills: Their emergence with massive amounts of practice. Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance 2005; 31(5):970–978.

Ayres T, Li L, Trachtman D, Young D. Passenger-side rear-view mirrors: Driver behavior and safety. International Journal of Industrial Ergonomics 2005; 35:157–162.

Young D, Trachtman D, Dracup B, Al-Tarawneh I. Are seat belt usage rates lower than we think? Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society 48th Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA, 2004.

Arndt S, Ayres TJ, Li L, Wood CT, Young D. Human factors in product recall planning. Proceedings, 6th Annual International Conference on Industrial Engineering—Theory, Applications and Practice, 2001.

Young D, Schmidt R, Ayres T, Trachtman D. Risk and driver behavior with adjustable pedals. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society's 45th Annual Meeting, 2001.

Ayres T, Li L, Schleuning D, Young D. Preferred time-headway of highway drivers. 4th Annual IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Oakland, CA, 2001. 

Ayres T, Wood C, Schmidt R, Young D, Murray J. Afforandance perception and safety intervention. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Conference, San Diego, CA, 2000.

Ayres T, Arndt S, Young D. Product-related risk of falling among the elderly. Proceedings, Silicon Valley Ergonomics Conference and Exposition, San Jose, CA, 1998.

Ayres T, Kost G, Schmidt R, Werner S, Young D. Risk analysis and bicycling injuries. American Society of Mechanical Engineering Conference, Anaheim, CA, 1998.

Arndt S, Ayres T, McCarthy R, Schmidt R, Wood C, Young D. Warning labels and accident data. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Conference, Chicago, IL, 1998.

Ayres T, Wood C, Schmidt R, Young D, Murray J. Effectiveness of warning labels and signs: An update on compliance research. Proceedings, Silicon Valley Ergonomics Conference and Exposition San Jose, CA, 1998.

Schmidt R, Young D, Ayres T. Automotive seat belts: Usage patterns in automatic shoulder belt systems. Human Factors; 40(1):126–135, 1998.

Schmidt R, Young D, Ayres T, Wong, J. Pedal misapplications: Their frequency and variety revealed through police accident reports. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Conference, Albuquerque, NM, 1997. 

Ayres T, Fowler G, Young D, Bjelajac V. Slope perception and slope warnings. Proceedings, Silicon Valley Ergonomics Conference and Exposition, Palo Alto, CA, 1997. 

Ayres T, Lau E, Schmidt R, Young D. Operator experience and accident risk. Proceedings, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Conference, Washington, D.C., 1996. 

Young D, Ayres T, Schmidt R, Bjelajac V. Inherent movement variability as a cause of stair accidents. Proceedings, Silicon Valley Ergonomics Conference and Exposition, Palo Alto, CA, 1996. 

Young D, Ayres T, Fowler G, Bjelajac V. Reaction time and ATV operation. Proceedings, CybErg Conference, 1996. 

Serr R, Lavay B, Green G, Young D. Dexterity and bench assembly work productivity in adults with mild mental retardation. Education and Training in Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities 1994; 29(2):165–171. 

Young D, Cohen M, Husak W. Contextual interference: On the processes that influence retention. Human Movement Science 1993; 12:577–600. 

Teasdale N, Bard C, Fleury M, Young D, Proteau L. Determining movement onsets from Temporal Series. Journal of Motor Behavior 1993; 25:7–106. 

Young D, Schmidt R. Augmented kinematic feedback for motor learning. Journal of Motor Behavior1992; 24:261–273. 

Schmidt R, Young D. Methodology for motor learning: A new paradigm for kinematic feedback. Journal of Motor Behavior 1991; 23:13–24. 

Young D. Motor learning for physical education. In: Western College Physical Education Society Monograph Series. Peavy RD (ed), Pullman, Washington, Department of Physical Education, p. 26–31, 1991.

Swinnen S, Young D, Walter C, Serrien D. Control of asymmetrical bimanual movements. Experimental Brain Research 1991; 85:163–173.

Husak W, Young D. Motor learning: How to teach skills. Science of Coaching Swimming, L.K. Garnett (ed), Champaign, Illinois, Human Kinetics, p. 1–22, 1991.

Butler S, Young D. Promotion of ethnic and cultural diversity in educational institutions and systems. CAHPERD Journal Times 1990; 52(8):13–15.

Schmidt R, Lange C, Young D. Optimizing summary knowledge of results for skill learning. Human Movement Science 1990; 9:13–25.

Schmidt R, Young D, Swinnen S, Shapiro D. Summary knowledge of results for skill acquisition: Support for the guidance hypothesis. Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition 1989; 15:152–159. 

Books

Young D. Advanced motor control concepts (2nd Edition). Palos Verdes, CA: Feedforward Press, 2014.

Young D. Motor control and learning principles. Palos Verdes, CA: Feedforward Press, 2011.

Young D, Lacourse M, Husak W. Motor learning: A practical guide laboratory manual, 2nd Edition. Dubuque, Iowa: E. Bowers Publishing, 1999.

Young D, Husak W. Motor learning: A practical guide. Dubuque, Iowa, E. Bowers Publishing, 1995.

Young D, Husak W. Motor learning: A practical guide laboratory manual. Dubuque, Iowa, E. Bowers Publishing, 1995. 

Husak W, Young D. Motor control and learning: Laboratory experiments, Dubuque, Iowa, E. Bowers Publishing, 1988. 

Book Chapters

Young D, Schmidt R, Lee T. Skill learning: Augmented feedback. In: International Encyclopedia of Ergonomics and Human Factors. Karwowski W (ed), pp. 583–587, London, Taylor and Francis, 2001. 

Lee T, Schmidt R, Young D. Skill learning: Conditions of practice. In: International Encyclopedia of Ergonomics and Human Factors. Karwowski W (ed), pp. 588–562, London, Taylor and Francis, 2001. 

Schmidt R, Lee T, Young D. Principles of simple movement. In: International Encyclopedia of Ergonomics and Human Factors. Karwowski W (ed), pp. 293–597, London: Taylor and Francis, 2001. 

Schmidt R, Heuer H, Ghodiason D, Young D. Units of behavior in bimanual coordinated tasks. In: Bernstein’s Tradition in Motor Control. Latash M (ed), New Jersey, Elsiever Publishers, 1998. 

Young D, Schmidt R. Augmented feedback for enhanced skill acquisition. Tutorials in Motor Behavior II. Stelmach G and Requin J (eds), Amsterdam: Elsevier Science Publishers, p. 677–693, 1992.

Young D, Schmidt R. Units of motor behavior: Modifications with practice and feedback. Attention and Performance XIII. M. Jeannerod (ed), Hillsdale, New Jersey, Laurence Erlbaum, p. 763–795, 1991. 

Young D, Schmidt R. Motor programs as units of movement control. Making Them Move: The Mechanics, Control, and Animation of Articulated Figures. Badler N, et al. (eds), New York, New York, Morgan Kaufman, p. 129–156, 1990. 

Schmidt R, Young D. Transfer of motor skills, transfer of training. Cormier S and Hagman J (eds), Orlando, Florida, Academic Press, p. 47–79, 1987. 

Reports

Young D, Lacourse M. A talent identification model for junior tennis players. Technical Report No. 1/95. Motor Behavior Laboratory, California State University, Long Beach, CA, 1995.

Presentations and Published Abstracts

Meir G, Perez J, Judy, R, Young D, Cohen M. Contextual interference and augmented feedback in young and old adults. Proceedings, North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity, Phoenix, AZ, 2010.

Meaders K, Young D. The scientific method and warnings expert. DRI Product Liability Conference, New Orleans, LA, 2007.

Meaders K, Young D. Scientific method and warnings analysis. DRI Product Liability Conference, Las Vegas, NV, 2006.

Young D, Schmidt R. In-vehicle technology: Safety, automation, and driver behavior. Society of Automotive Engineers In-Car Electronics and Telematics TOPTEC, Long Beach, CA, 2000. 

Dzikowski S, Lacourse M, Young D. Perceptual and reproduction scaling of peak movement velocities presented on videotape at different playback speeds. Proceedings, North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity, Monterey, CA, 1995.

McClelland J, Lacourse M, Young D. Perception and modeling in motor behavior. Proceedings, Long Beach Research Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1994. 

Serr R, Lavay B, Young D, Greene G. Work productivity in adults with mild retardation. Proceedings, American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance, San Diego, CA, 1994.

Zafiroglu N, Young D, Lacourse M. The control of the force-time impulse and variability in sequential limb movements. College of Health and Human Services Research Poster Communications Session, Long Beach, CA, 1994.

Serr R, Lavay B, Young D, Greene G. Dexterity and beach assembly work productivity in adults with mental retardation. College of Health and Human Services Research Poster Communications Session, Long Beach, CA, 1994.

Dzikowski S, Lacourse M, Young D. Perceived velocity of golf swings demonstrated in slow motion and fast forward on videotape. College of Health and Human Services Research Poster Communications Session, Long Beach, CA, 1994. 

McClelland J, Lacourse M, Young D. Perception of velocity in videotapes demonstrations. College of Health and Human Services Research Poster Communications Session, Long Beach, CA, 1994.

McClelland J, Lacourse M, Young D. Optimizing the display features of videotaped demonstrations. Proceedings, North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity, Minneapolis, MN, 1993. 

Saw L, Lacourse M, Young D. Neuromotor control strategies for complex limb movements. Proceedings, Long Beach Research Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1992.

Sinclair W, Young D. On the management of academic programs. Presentation at the Annual Western College Physical Education Society Meeting, Reno, NV, 1992. 

Young D. Motor learning research for physical education. Paper presented at the Annual Western College Physical Education Society Meeting, Reno, NV, 1991. 

Young D, Cohen M, Husak W. Degraded acquisition conditions that enhance skill learning. Paper presented at the annual Long Beach Research Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1991. 

Young D, Husak W, Cohen M. Schedules of contextual interference and augmented feedback for skill acquisition. Paper presented at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Asilomar, CA, 1991. 

Young D, Swinnen S, Beukers M. Temporal constraints and invariant relative time. Paper presented at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Asilomar, CA, 1991. 

Carlson R, Young D. Selective recruiting: Marketing your programs to potential majors and minors. Paper presented at the Annual Western College Physical Education Society Meeting, Reno, NV, 1991. 

Anderson D, Young D, Husak W, Cohen M. Post-KR delay activities that degrade skill learning. Paper presented at the Annual American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance Conference, San Francisco, CA, 1991. 

Young D. Augmented feedback for motor learning: theoretical and practical applications. Paper presented at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Houston, TX, 1990. 

Young D, Cohen M, Husak W, McAurther D, Anderson D. The contextual interference effect: A test of theoretical notions. Paper presented at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Houston, TX, 1990. 

Lew D, Young D, Husak W. Contextual interference and amounts of practice. Paper presented at the California Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance Conference, Long Beach, CA, 1990. 

Anderson D, Young D, Cohen J, Husak W, McAurther D, Shandler S. Maximizing learning with contextual interference. Paper presented at the California Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance Conference, San Diego, CA, 1990. 

Cohen M, Husak W, Young D, McAurther D, Shandler S. Contextual interference: Elaboration or reconstruction. Paper presented at the Annual Western Psychological Association Convention, Los Angeles, CA, 1990. 

Young D, Schmidt R. Motor programs as units of movement control. Presentation at the Workshop on Mechanics, Control, and Animation of Articualted Figures, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1989.

Young D, Schmidt R. The examination of knowledge of performance for insight into information feedback. Presentation at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Kent, OH, 1989. 

Lange C, Young D, Schmidt R. Differences in movement pattern variables with extended practice. Presentation at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Kent, OH, 1989.

Swinnen S, Young D, Walter C, Serrin D. The role of interlimb interference in the control of bimanual movements. Presentation at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Kent, OH, 1989. 

Young D, Schmidt R. The provision of information feedback. Paper presented at the California Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance Conference, Los Angeles, CA, 1988. 

Young D, Magill R, Schmidt R, Shapiro D. Motor programs as control structures for reversal movements: An examination of rapid movements and unexpected perturbations. Presentation at the Annual North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity Conference, Knoxville, TN, 1988.
                                        

VIEW MORE




Academic Appointments

Professor, Department of Kinesiology, California State University, Long Beach
Director of Research Integrity and Compliance, California State University, Long Beach, 2016



Professional Affiliations

Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (member)

North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity (member)

Society of Automotive Engineers (member) 



Additional Information

Editorships and Editorial Review Boards

California Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance Journal/Times (associate editor)

Human Factors, Journal of Motor Behavior, Research Quarterly for Exercise and Sport Sciences, Perceptual and Motor Skills, Psychological Reports (reviewer)




Knowledge




{{knowledge.title}}
{{knowledge.date}}





VIEW MORE



News & Events




{{newsevent.title}}
{{newsevent.date}}





VIEW MORE




















CREDENTIALS & PROFESSIONAL HONORS

Ph.D., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1988
M.S., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1987
B.S., Kinesiology, University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), 1983


Award for Scholarly and Creative Research, California State University

Young Scholar Award, Western College Physical Education Society

Meritorious Performance and Professional Promise Award, California State University




RELATED CAPABILITIES


Accident Data Analysis


Consumer Product Design, Usage & Injury Analysis


Human & Surrogate Testing


Human Factors & Industrial Engineering


Human Factors in Product Design


Human Factors in Transportation Accidents


Human Motion Modeling & Simulation


Industrial & Occupational Safety


Risk Communication - Warnings & Safety Information


Slip, Trip & Fall Accidents


The Role of Visibility, Attention & Memory in Accidents


Visibility at Night & in Dark Environments


















Olen Lynn Jestis, NPI 1578794087 in Durant OK















Olen Lynn Jestis, Durant OK
















Olen Lynn Jestis
Specializes in Family Practice

1400 Bryan Dr, Durant, OK 747012158NPI number 1578794087
 Get Map & Directions

Dr. Olen Lynn Jestis, is a male doctor, works as a family practice in Durant OK. He studied medicine at the Oklahoma College Of Osteopathic Medicine And Surgery, 2008. His hospital/clinic affiliations include Durant Hma Llc and more. He may accepts Medicare assignment.

sponsored links





Practice Details

Business Category:
Physicians in Durant OK

NPI number:
#1578794087    Unique professional ID assigned by NPPES

PAC ID:
#3476677949    Unique individual professional ID assigned by PECOS

Professional Enrollment ID:
#I20100907000154

Medical School:
OKLAHOMA COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE AND SURGERY

Graduation:
2008

Organization:
Durant Hma Physician Management,  Llc

Organization PAC:
3375638976

Organization Members:
32

Medicare Assignment:
May accepts Medicare Assignment



Medical Specialty

Family Practice


Hospital Affiliation

Durant Hma Llc (#370014)


Quality Program

Participates in the Medicare Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) Incentive ProgramParticipates in the Medicare Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Program


Practice Location

1400 Bryan Dr, Durant, OK 747012158


sponsored links





 Disclaimer: The data of "Olen Lynn Jestis" on this site are drawn from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and for informational purposes only. Be sure to contact "Olen Lynn Jestis" to make sure they provide services in your area.
Last updated December 07, 2016.


Brooke Stough 1376794776Erica Dearman 1497989248

sponsored links





Advanced Search



Name, Address or Zip code:



States:

AlaskaAlabamaArkansasAmerican SamoaArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDistrict of ColumbiaDelawareFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMichiganMinnesotaMissouriNorthern Mariana IslandsMississippiMontanaNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVirgin IslandsVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyoming 


Medicare Services:

Dialysis ClinicHome HealthNursing HomeHospitalsMedical SuppliersPhysicians 








Share this 








sponsored links



 









Douglas L Young, NPI 1306820550 in Tahlequah OK















Douglas L Young, Tahlequah OK
















Douglas L Young, MD
Specializes in Geriatric Medicine

100 S Bliss Ave, Tahlequah, OK 744642512NPI number 1306820550
 Get Map & Directions

Dr. Douglas L Young, is a male doctor, specializes in geriatric medicine in Tahlequah OK. He studied medicine at the University Of Kansas School Of Medicine, 1971. His hospital/clinic affiliations include Cherokee Nation and more. He accepts Medicare assignment.

sponsored links





Practice Details

Business Category:
Physicians in Tahlequah OK

NPI number:
#1306820550    Unique professional ID assigned by NPPES

PAC ID:
#2264431709    Unique individual professional ID assigned by PECOS

Professional Enrollment ID:
#I20080625000263

Medical School:
UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

Graduation:
1971

Organization:
Cherokee Nation

Organization PAC:
5799698742

Organization Members:
234

Medicare Assignment:
Accepts Medicare Assignment



Medical Specialty

Geriatric MedicineInternal Medicine


Hospital Affiliation

Cherokee Nation (#370171)


Quality Program

Participates in the Medicare Electronic Prescribing (eRx) Incentive Program


Practice Location

100 S Bliss Ave, Tahlequah, OK 744642512


sponsored links





 Disclaimer: The data of "Douglas L Young" on this site are drawn from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and for informational purposes only. Be sure to contact "Douglas L Young" to make sure they provide services in your area.
Last updated December 07, 2016.


Larry Henry 1932102894Olen Jestis 1578794087

sponsored links





Advanced Search



Name, Address or Zip code:



States:

AlaskaAlabamaArkansasAmerican SamoaArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDistrict of ColumbiaDelawareFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMichiganMinnesotaMissouriNorthern Mariana IslandsMississippiMontanaNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVirgin IslandsVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyoming 


Medicare Services:

Dialysis ClinicHome HealthNursing HomeHospitalsMedical SuppliersPhysicians 








Share this 








sponsored links



 
















Douglas L. Young - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Douglas L. Young
Executive Vice President and President and Chief Operating Officer, LII Residential Heating and Cooling at Lennox International Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Douglas L. Young? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas L. Young's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas L. Young's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas L. Young's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas L. Young through your network of contacts.
												








Douglas L. Young's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and President and Chief Operating Officer, LII Residential Heating and Cooling, 
Lennox International Inc.


Board Member, 
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.


Past
To view Douglas L. Young's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
54

 
 


Douglas L. Young's Biography



Douglas L. Young was appointed Executive Vice President and President and Chief Operating Officer of LII's Residential Heating & Cooling segment in October 2006. Mr. Young had previously served as Vice President and General Manager of North American Residential Products since 2003 and as Vice President and General Manager of Lennox North American Residential Sales, Marketing, and Distribution from 1999 to 2003. Prior to his career with LII, Mr. Young was employed in the Appliances division of GE, where he held various management positions before serving as General Manager of Marketing for GE Appliance division's retail group from 1997 to 1999 ...
(Read More)

			Douglas L. Young was appointed Executive Vice President and President and Chief Operating Officer of LII's Residential Heating & Cooling segment in October 2006. Mr. Young had previously served as Vice President and General Manager of North American Residential Products since 2003 and as Vice President and General Manager of Lennox North American Residential Sales, Marketing, and Distribution from 1999 to 2003. Prior to his career with LII, Mr. Young was employed in the Appliances division of GE, where he held various management positions before serving as General Manager of Marketing for GE Appliance division's retail group from 1997 to 1999 and as General Manager of Strategic Initiatives in 1999. He holds a BSBA from Creighton University and a master's of science in management from Purdue University. Mr. Young serves on the Board of Directors of Beacon Roofing Supply, a general building material distributor and is on the Board of Directors of AHRI (the Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute), the trade association for the HVACR and water heating equipment industries.
		
Source: Lennox International Inc. on 02/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas L. Young's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Douglas L. Young. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas L. Young's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas L. Young's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas L. Young through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Douglas L. Young


















Douglas L. Young's Connections (228)





Sign up now to view Douglas L. Young's 228 connections »









Mark J. Gliebe
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Regal Beloit Corporation









Wilson B. Sexton
Former CHAIRMAN, Pool Corporation









Timothy J. Kraus
Former President Foodservice Group, The Manitowoc Company, Inc.









Carl E. Edwards
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Lennox International Inc.









Ajita G. Rajendra
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A. O. Smith









Stuart A. Randle
Board Member, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.









John W. Conover
Former Senior Vice President and President, Security Technologies, Ingersoll-Rand Plc









Stephen J. Pargeter
Former Director of Engineering, AAON, Inc.









Carl T. Berquist
Board Member, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.









Linda A. Goodspeed
Former Board Member, Columbus McKinnon Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




























Douglas L Young in Saint Louis, MI - (989) 289-1430 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Douglas L Young





                    (Andersons' Heritage Farm)
                





Andersons' Heritage Farm























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Douglas L Young



505 Devon Dr
Saint Louis, MI 48880






Contact:
Douglas Young


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        989-289-1430
                    



Website:







Douglas L Young is the only company located at 505 Devon Dr, Saint Louis, MI 48880












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Douglas L Young, which also operates under the name Andersons' Heritage Farm, is located in Saint Louis, Michigan. This organization primarily operates in the General Farms, Primarily Crop business / industry within the Agricultural Production - Crops sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 5 years. Douglas L Young is estimated to generate $93,160 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this single location.









Sector:

Agricultural Production - Crops



Category:

General Farms, Primarily Crop



Industry:

General Farms, Primarily Crop




SIC Code:

0191











Name:
Douglas L Young


Year Founded:


2012






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 93,160



Employees:

1



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 48880






Percentage Population



8,250
White
561
Hispanic
2,226
Black
25
Asian
105
Native American
1
Hawaiian
191
Other


77.3 %
White
5.3 %
Hispanic
20.9 %
Black
0.2 %
Asian
1.0 %
Native American
0.0 %
Hawaiian
1.8 %
Other













Population




Population 
10,669




Female33.9%3,621


Male66.1%7,048




Median Age

37.6




Female40.0


Male36.7






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Douglas L Young?





Douglas L Young has approximately 1 employees at this location.







How big is Douglas L Young?





Douglas L Young is estimated to generate $93,160 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this location.







Is there a key contact at Douglas L Young?





Douglas Young is the Principal at Douglas L Young. You can contact Douglas at (989) 289-1430.









Where is Douglas L Young located?





Douglas L Young is located at 505 Devon Dr, Saint Louis, MI 48880.







What is the phone number for Douglas L Young?





The phone number for Douglas L Young is (989) 289-1430







How long has Douglas L Young been in business?





Douglas L Young has been in business for approximately 5 years.







What are the annual sales for Douglas L Young?





Douglas L Young generates approximately $93,160 in annual sales.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 48880






Average House Value


                                $ 80,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 32,181
                            



Number of Households

2,712



Persons per Household

2.51













Number of Businesses

297



Number of Employees

1,087



Land Area (square miles)

75.037



Water Area (square miles)

0.559



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 





	USGS FRESC: Managing for biodiversity in young Douglas-fir forests of western Oregon - Details





























USGS Home

Contact USGS

Search USGS







            USGS Forest and Rangeland Ecosystem Science Center



FRESC Home | 
        Research  | 
        Products  | 
        People  | 
        About FRESC  | 
        Intranet  | 
        Contact FRESC















Search Products:


Person:

Title:

Publication Type:


Abstract
Book
Book Review
Chapter
Data Release
DVD
Fact Sheet
Journal Article
Podcast
Report
Thesis/Dissert
Webpage

Year:


View all Products






        Product

        Details





Title:
Managing for biodiversity in young Douglas-fir forests of western Oregon



Type:
Report



Year:
2002



Monograph or SeriesNumber:
U.S.Geological Survey, Biological Science Report USGS/BRD/BSR-2002-0006



Pages:
76



Publisher:
U.S.Geological Survey, Forest and Rangeland Ecosystem Science Center



Location of Publication:
Corvallis, OR



Full Text:
http://fresc.usgs.gov/products/papers/mang_bio.pdf



Catalog Number:
1176









            Authors





Muir, Patricia S.



Mattingly, Rosanna L.



Tappeiner, J C.



Bailey, John D.



Elliott, Wayne E.



Hagar, Joan C.



Miller, Jeffrey C.



Peterson, E B.



Starkey, Edward E.







Full Citation
        Muir, P.S., Mattingly, R.L., Tappeiner, J.C., Bailey, J.D., Elliott, W.E., Hagar, J.C., Miller, J.C., Peterson, E.B., Starkey, E.E., 2002, Managing for biodiversity in young Douglas-fir forests of western Oregon: U.S.Geological Survey, Forest and Rangeland Ecosystem Science Center U.S.Geological Survey, Biological Science Report USGS/BRD/BSR-2002-0006, p. 76.





Accessibility
FOIA
Privacy
Policies and Notices




U.S. Department of the Interior |
		    U.S. Geological Survey
		    URL: fresc.usgs.gov 
		    Page Contact Information:
    Scott Price  
		    Page Last Modified: 
    1/31/2013 
	    





