










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:08 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  249.6KBonus  273.2KTotal Short Term Compensation  296.8KTotal Value of Options  995.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESALX Uranium Corp. Announces Board ChangesJuly 26, 2017 2:19 PM ETSouthGobi Resources Ltd. Announces Resignation of Huiyi Wang as Non-Executive DirectorJuly 24, 2017 1:11 PM ETEnergy Earth Public Company Limited Announces Board ChangesJuly 24, 2017 12:06 PM ETGolden Energy and Resources Limited Announces Reconstitution of Nominating and Remuneration CommitteesJuly 24, 2017 9:38 AM ETNexGen Energy Ltd. Appoints Warren Gilman to Board of DirectorsJuly 21, 2017 8:24 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Youngs Creek Mining Company, Llc - Companies Colorado   Menu  Youngs Creek Mining Company, Llc Incorporated 9 years, 9 months ago      Key DataCompany NameYoungs Creek Mining Company, LlcAgent OrganisationCorporation Service CompanyCompany StatusGood StandingCompany Number20071470509Company TypeFLLC (Foreign Limited Liability Company)Incorporation11 October 2007 (9 years, 9 months ago)AddressAddress505 S. Gillette AvenueWY82716Agent AddressAgent Address1560 BroadwaySuite 2090CO80202    Search Colorado Search   Nearby companiesENCO Group Inc.Complete Telecommunications, Inc.Western Fuels-Wyoming, Inc.Pacer Energy Acquisitions, LlcYoungs Creek Holdings I LlcCloud Peak Energy Receivables LlcZarin Hospitality Group Inc.   CloseContact Companies ColoradoPlease selectI want to contact Youngs Creek Mining Company, LlcI want to contact a company listed on your websiteI'm looking for bulk data downloadsI want to request the removal of a page on your websiteI want to contact Companies ColoradoSubmitCloseClose



Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc in Sheridan, WY 82801 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Wyoming
» Sheridan
» Mining & Quarrying Support Services
» Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc













Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1949 Sugarland Dr  Sheridan, Wyoming 82801


(307) 673-1057


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc is located at the address 1949 Sugarland Dr in Sheridan, Wyoming 82801.  They can be contacted via phone at (307) 673-1057 for pricing, hours and directions.  For maps and directions to Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (307) 673-1057
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Location Type: Single Location
CATEGORIES:


Mining & Quarrying Support Services
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Stone & Mineral Mining & Quarrying



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Project — Big Metal Coal Co. LLC























Menu ▼ 

Home
About Us

About Us
Biodiversity Approaches
Environmental Programs
Health and Safety Program
Environmental Awards
Safety Awards
Community Awards


Project

Project
Environmental and Cultural Resource Protection
Land and Landowners
Exploratory Drilling
Contractors


Scholarship
Communities
News
Events
Links
Photo Gallery
Employment
Project
Cloud Peak Energy’s Spring Creek Complex
Cloud Peak Energy is planning for the potential development of a large northern Powder River Basin (NPRB) surface coal mining complex, centered on its existing Spring Creek Mine and filled out by the Youngs Creek mining project to the south and potentially the Big Metal leases to the west.
In June 2012, Cloud Peak Energy acquired Youngs Creek Mining Co., LLC and the CX Ranch lands. Youngs Creek is a greenfield surface coal mining project located on the state border in Wyoming, seven miles south of Spring Creek Mine. The CX Ranch lands encompass 38,800 acres that abut Youngs Creek to the south and Spring Creek Mine to the north and lay over a substantial deposit of coal on the Crow Indian Reservation to the west.
On January 24, 2013, Big Metal and the Crow Tribe of Indians signed an Exploration Agreement and an Option to Lease Agreement for up to 1.4 billion tons1 of in-place coal on the Crow Indian Reservation west of Spring Creek Mine. These agreements have been approved by the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and provide Big Metal the opportunity to explore and define mineable coal in the southwestern portion of the Reservation and to exercise rights to lease all or portions of this coal for mining, subject to additional regulatory approvals. The potential coal deposits are Squirrel Creek, Tanner Creek and Upper Youngs Creek, each subject to a separate option to lease.
Taken together, these elements of the proposed Spring Creek Complex cover several distinct political jurisdictions – Montana, Wyoming and Crow, each with federal overlaps – and feature up to 2 billion tons of in-place coal and 46,000 acres. Cloud Peak Energy is in the process of evaluating development and production options to potentially meet demand for both the domestic and export customers.
The Big Metal Agreements
Big Metal paid the Crow Tribe $2.25 million upon signing the Exploration Agreement and Option to Lease Agreement and paid an additional $1.5 million upon BIA approval of these agreements, plus annual option payments thereafter during the initial option term that could bring total option payments to $10 million. These payments are only for the right to enter into leases. Substantial multi-million dollar payments would be made to the Tribe upon the exercise of a lease or leases, and Big Metal would then pay production taxes and royalties on coal mined and sold. These tax and royalty payments would range from 21% – 30% of the price paid by Big Metal’s customers for coal.
The initial option period expires in June 2018. There are three coal deposits covered under three separate options to lease. If Big Metal does not exercise a lease during the initial option period, the agreement will expire. However, if a lease option is exercised, the Option to Lease Agreement will be extended to 2025 for any remaining unexercised additional leases and additional option payments will be made to the Tribe. Likewise, if Big Metal exercises another option to lease prior to the end of 2025, the option agreement will be extended a final time, to 2035. If no other options are exercised by the end of 2025, the option agreement will expire at that time.
Big Metal is committed to being a good corporate citizen on the Reservation. In addition to option, exercise, royalty and tax payments, the coal mineral leases with the Tribe – once effective – provide for preferential hiring, training and promotion of Indians and certain preferences for Indian-certified contractors. In addition, Big Metal has agreed to provide annual scholarships totaling $75,000 per year under the option agreement, starting with the 2013-2014 academic year, and $150,000 per year upon the exercise and approval of a lease(s). These amounts are in 2012 dollars and will be adjusted each year for inflation.


1Represents a current estimate of physical in-place coal tons. Does not represent proven and probable reserves, non-reserve coal deposits or a forecast of tons to be produced and sold in the future. Future production and sales of such tons, if any, are subject to exercise of options and significant risk and uncertainty.
DOWNLOAD PROJECT BROCHURE

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis web site contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, and often contain words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” “seek,” “could,” “should,” “intend,” “potential,” or words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations, beliefs, assumptions and estimates regarding our company, industry, economic conditions, government regulations, energy policies and other factors. These statements are subject to significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our future results, refer to the risk factors described from time to time in the reports and registration statements of Cloud Peak Energy Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those in Item 1A “Risk Factors” of our most recent Form 10-K and any updates thereto in our Forms 10-Q and current reports on Forms 8-K. There may be other risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. We make forward-looking statements based on currently available information, and we assume no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements made on this web site, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.


Back to TopHome
About Us

About Us
Biodiversity Approaches
Environmental Programs
Health and Safety Program
Environmental Awards
Safety Awards
Community Awards


Project

Project
Environmental and Cultural Resource Protection
Land and Landowners
Exploratory Drilling
Contractors


Scholarship
Communities
News
Events
Links
Photo Gallery
Employment


 







© 2017 Big Metal Coal Co. LLC. All rights reserved.  ·  Website by Black Hills Web Works






 




Youngs Creek Mining Co LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























youngs creek mining co llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Coal Operations
Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC provides excavation services. The Company offers exploration and extraction services with a focus on coal mining. Youngs Creek Mining primarily mines the Northern Powder River Basin in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

505 South Gillette Avenue
Gillette, WY 82716
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC - Sheridan, WY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WY



Sheridan



Bituminous Coal and Lignite-Surface Mining



Bituminous Coal Surface Mining



                            Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC
                                    



 





















Y 


Youngs Creek Mining Company LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1949 SUGARLAND DR STE 220 SHERIDAN, WY 82801
Get Directions



(307) 673-1057





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Bituminous Coal Surface Mining
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2008, Youngs Creek Mining Company Llc has been providing Bituminous Coal Surface Mining from Sheridan. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Y

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















































Youngs Creek Mining Co. LLC - IntelligenceMine


























































Youngs Creek Mining Co. LLC


Key Facts

UpdatedFeb 11, 2016

Created
Jul 16, 2014

Head OfficeSheridan, United States












Unlock in-depth intelligence about Youngs Creek Mining Co. LLC
As data gathers for over 30 years, IntelligenceMine is your trusted resource to put critical and timely information at your fingertips. Explore Our Data and schedule a demonstration now!




Financials

Compare individual companies on the Financial tab on the company profile or benchmark a group of companies on the search comparative analysis screen using financial information provided by Morningstar.




Resources

Quickly visualize current and historical Reserves & Resources of a property or company using charts and graphs comparing grade/tonnage, contained material and In Situ values.




Capital Raisings

Capital raisings are a barometer of the mining industry. Check daily to find out the amount and who is raising capital for exploration, development, working capital or debt retirement.


Explore Our Data










Schedule a demo to learn more about what we can do for you.




















First Name


This field is required.



Last Name


This field is required.



Email Address


This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.



Phone Number


This field is required.
Please enter a valid phone number (ie: +1 604-1234-567 x999).



Position


This field is required.



Company Name


This field is required.



Company Type


Please select...
Consulting/Engineering/Research
Financial Institution
Government & Regulatory
Individual
Investment Bank/Broker/Manager
Law Firm
Media
Mining Company
Other
Mining Equipment Supplier
Mining Service Supplier
Recruiting Company
Technology Company
Trade Association/NGO
University/College

This field is required.



Country


Please select...
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe

This field is required.






































 









Cloud Peak Energy Completes Acquisition of Youngs Creek, CX Ranch, and Associated Coal and Land Assets in Montana and Wyoming to Strengthen Its Leading PRB Export Position | Cloud Peak Energy Investor Center















Login






Menu ▼









Contact Us









Home
About Us »

Biodiversity Approaches
Climate Change
Environmental Programs
Health and Safety Program
Sustainable Development Program
Health, Safety, Environment and Sustainable Development Policy


Management »

Colin Marshall
Heath Hill
Bryan Pechersky
Gary Rivenes
Amy Clemetson
Bruce Jones
Todd Myers


Operations »

Antelope Mine
Cordero Rojo Mine
Spring Creek Mine



News »

Media
Press Releases
Publications


Investor Relations »



Careers »

Open Positions – External Candidate Application
Open Positions – Cloud Peak Dependent Summer Student / Internship Application
Open Positions – Cloud Peak Dependent Summer Student / Internship Application
Recruiter Services
Applicant Rights


Procurement








Home 



 Cloud Peak Energy Completes Acquisition of Youngs Creek, CX Ranch, and Associated Coal and Land Assets in Montana and Wyoming to Strengthen Its Leading PRB Export Position 




      Category:          

Business Development 



    July 2, 2012  



      Dateline:          




                    GILLETTE, Wyo.        






PDFPrint 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:CLD 






GILLETTE, Wyo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (NYSE:CLD), one of the largest U.S. coal        producers, today announced that it has acquired the Youngs Creek Mining        Company, LLC (Youngs Creek) joint venture and other related coal and        surface assets from Chevron U.S.A. Inc. (Chevron) and CONSOL Energy Inc.        (CONSOL) for $300 million. Of this purchase price, $195 million is        allocated to the lease of approximately 450 million tons of in-place        coal and $105 million to the purchase and lease of 38,800 acres of land.        The coal and land are well suited to support potential increased exports        through the Pacific Northwest. Youngs Creek is a permitted but        undeveloped surface mine project in the Northern Powder River Basin        located 13 miles north of Sheridan, Wyoming, contiguous with the        Wyoming-Montana state line. It is 7 miles south of Cloud Peak Energy’s        Spring Creek mine and 7 miles from the mainline railroad.             “The significant coal and surface assets we acquired position Cloud Peak        Energy well for future growth in our Asian exports as additional        terminal capacity becomes available. The location of the coal and        surface lands close to the Spring Creek mine and its rail spur should        reduce development costs and allow future operating synergies to be        realized. The quality of the coal is similar to that of our Spring Creek        mine and offers lower sodium levels to further meet the needs of our        customers,” said Colin Marshall, President and Chief Executive Officer,        of Cloud Peak Energy.             Of the approximately 450 million tons of in-place coal, the undeveloped        Youngs Creek mine permits cover 291 million recoverable tons of low        sulfur, high Btu subbituminous coal. Of this permitted coal, 267 million        tons benefit from a royalty rate of 8.0% payable to CONSOL and Chevron        which is below the normal 12.5% of gross proceeds payable on federal        coal.             The 38,800 acres of land includes Youngs Creek surface to the south and        extends to the border with Cloud Peak Energy’s Spring Creek mine to the        north. The property also extends onto the Crow Indian Reservation to the        west and abuts the Decker mine, of which Cloud Peak Energy owns 50%, to        the east.             “This coal has the same geographic and quality advantages over Southern        PRB coal as the Spring Creek mine, which have allowed us to make the        majority of PRB export sales in recent years. We now have a large asset        base and lots of options as to how we develop our Northern PRB        operations to meet future export and domestic coal demand,” said        Marshall.             Future development timing and production levels are expected to depend        largely on the availability of additional export terminal capacity on        the West Coast and continued strong Asian demand for thermal coal. The        mine would be served exclusively by the BNSF railroad. As Cloud Peak        Energy has not completed detailed mine development planning, the        acquired coal is not expected to be reported as reserves at year-end        2012.       About Cloud Peak Energy®         Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (NYSE:CLD) is headquartered in Wyoming and is one        of the largest U.S. coal producers and the only pure-play PRB coal        company. As one of the safest coal producers in the nation, Cloud Peak        Energy specializes in the production of low sulfur, subbituminous coal.        The company owns and operates three surface coal mines in the PRB, the        lowest cost major coal producing region in the nation. The Antelope and        Cordero Rojo mines are located in Wyoming, and the Spring Creek mine is        located near Decker, Montana. With approximately 1,600 employees, the        company is widely recognized for its exemplary performance in its safety        and environmental programs. Cloud Peak Energy is a sustainable fuel        supplier for approximately 4 percent of the nation’s electricity.       Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements         This release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of        the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933        and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking        statements are not statements of historical facts and often contain        words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,”        “estimate,” “seek,” “could,” “should,” “intend,” “potential,” or words        of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements are based on management's        current expectations or beliefs, as well as assumptions and estimates        regarding our company, industry, economic conditions, government        regulations and energy policies and other factors. Forward-looking        statements may include, for example, (1) our current estimates of the        quantity and quality of the acquired coal assets and evaluation of such        coal for any inclusion in the company’s reported reserves, (2) any        future development, production and/or marketing of this coal, (3)        anticipated additional West Coast export terminal capacity and the        timing of any such additional capacity, (4) Asian export demand, (5)        business development and growth initiatives and strategies; (6)        potential synergies of this transaction, and (7) other statements        regarding this transaction and our plans, strategies, prospects and        expectations concerning our business, industry, economic conditions,        operating results, financial condition and other matters that do not        relate strictly to historical facts. These statements are subject to        significant risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to        predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those        expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, including the        risks that (i) sufficient additional West Coast terminal capacity is not        developed at all or in a timely manner, (ii) Asian export demand and        domestic demand for PRB coal weakens, (iii) the coal leases from Chevron        and CONSOL terminate if we fail to meet minimum future production        requirements, (iv) future development and operating costs significantly        exceed our expectations, or (v) anticipated synergies are not achieved.        For a discussion of some of the additional factors that could adversely        affect our future results or the anticipated benefits of this        transaction, refer to the risk factors described from time to time in        the reports and registration statements we file with the Securities and        Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including those in Item 1A - Risk Factors        in our most recent Form 10-K and any updates thereto in our Forms 10-Q        and current reports on Forms 8-K. There may be other risks and        uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently        believe are not material. We make forward-looking statements based on        currently available information, and we assume no obligation to, and        expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or revise publicly any        forward-looking statements made in this release, whether as a result of        new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.      






      Contact:          





       Cloud Peak Energy Inc.Karla Kimrey, 720-566-2932Vice        President, Investor Relations     
 











Primary links

Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Email Alerts
Events Calendar
Frequently Asked Questions
Presentations
Press ReleasesAnnouncements
Business Development
Corporate
Earnings
Operations

Request for Information
SEC FilingsCloud Peak Energy Inc.
Cloud Peak Energy Resources, LLC

Stock Information
Webcasts
 



 






 






Search Investor Center




Search this site: 











Advanced Search 







      Investor Resources          

Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 






Investor Contacts





      Primary IR Contact          






Investor Relations TeamOffice Phone:720.566.2932Email:investor@cldpk.com


 
 































Contact Us








Site Map









©  Cloud Peak Energy. All rights reserved.  · Website by Black Hills Web Works

Business Wire InvestorHQ℠








