


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Younkers | Department Store in Michigan, Iowa & More



































































































































FREE standard shipping with a $49 purchase*Promo code: FREESHIP49 *Details.


















Sign in
Sign out








		SHOPPING BAG
		














The Gift Store














Find a Store
Gift Registry
1-800-945-4438
Customer Service











Sign in

My Account




									SIGN IN / REGISTER
								





Order Status
Returns

Your Rewards Account
Gift Card Balance










Hi

My Account




								Account Settings
							




Order Status
Returns

Your Rewards Account
Gift Card Balance





							   Not ?
							   Sign Out



									SIGN OUT
								











		SHOPPING BAG
		





















		SHOPPING BAG
		











FREE standard shipping with a $49 purchase*Promo code: FREESHIP49 *Details.










































						Brands
					



						Women
					



						Shoes
					



						Handbags & Accessories
					



						Jewelry & Watches
					



						Beauty & Fragrance
					



						Juniors
					



						Men
					



						Baby & Kids
					



						Bed & Bath
					



						Home
					



						Furniture
					



						Gifts
					



						Clearance
					















FEATURED DESIGNERS:










FEATURED BRANDS:





 




FEATURED BRANDS:












FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:



 





FEATURED BRANDS:



 











































 








Added to Bag


Continue Shopping


View Bag / Checkout
























































*Details



*Details





















*Details + in-store coupon.














































*Details.















Shop Now
Women
Plus Size
Juniors
Baby & Kids
Handbags
Accessories
Jewelry
Men
Dresses
Shoes
Home
Bed & Bath

















































*Details









































Shop Women’s
Shop Plus Size
Shop Men’s
Shop Kids’



*Details.












































































































































































































































SHOP BY CATEGORY


Women

Shoes

Handbags & Accessories

Jewelry & Watches

Beauty & Fragrance

Juniors

Men

Baby & Kids

Furniture

Bed & Bath

Home

Swim

Active

Wedding

Sports Fan Shop

Gift Cards

Style2Go

Close to Home





















































#BonTonStyle


    Get inspired + shop post-worthy faves. Explore our gallery































	Top



















				ASSISTANCE
			


1-800-945-4438
Contact Us
Check Order Status
Check Gift Card Balance
Get a Gift Box





				CREDIT ACCOUNT
			


Access Your Account
Pay Your Bill
Your Rewards – Learn More





				STORES
			


Gift Cards
Today's Ad
This Week In Stores
Find A Store
Events
Close to Home





				COMPANY
			


Community
Find A Store
About Us
Careers
Vendor Logistics






















STAY CONNECTED





















































© 2017 Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Socially Responsible Product - CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act.




















CY Farms grew from the good land | The Batavian























































































Pin Points
E-mail Newsletter
Calendar
Contact Us
Advertise
About
 




 


Enter your keywords 





 

Online News. Community Views. 

















Home
Batavia's List
Shop Local
Sports
Business
Announcements
Obituaries
Milestones
Jobs
Housing
 











>> Download <<
The Batavian MobileDroid | iPhone 

User login

E-mail or username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 




Our Towns
Alabama
Alexander
Batavia
Bergen
Bethany
Byron
Corfu
Darien
Elba
LeRoy
Oakfield
Pavilion
Pembroke
Stafford
 
















Recent comments


 
 He could be a resident or 
 by:  Rich Richmond 

 Looks like a easy fingerprint 
 by:  Dave Marien 

 No dye packet? or should we 
 by:  Cheryl Saville 

 This smells just like the 
 by:  Thomas Callan 

 A simple NO would have been 
 by:  tom hunt 

 No threats or weapons. It 
 by:  alvin tufts 

 Think you better edit this! 
 by:  Dot Carrigan 

 Buddy, been there and then 
 by:  Thomas Callan 

 I actually have a pizza 
 by:  Jason Crater 

 Do they give out free 
 by:  alvin tufts 
 
 










Community Sponsors
Adam Miller Toy and Bicycle
Advanced Podiatry Associates
Affordable Floorcovering
Alex's Place
Batavia Bootery
Batavia Country Club
Batavia Downs
Batavia Muckdogs
Batavia Optical
Batavia Redemption Center, Eastown Beverages
Batavia Showtime
Batavia Tailors & Cleaners
Beds 'n' Bones Pet Lodge
Belhaven Kennels
Bill Fox and Son Construction & Remodeling
Bontrager's Real Estate
Bourbon & Burger Co.
Brico Affiliates
Bubba's Landscaping
Budget Truck Rental at L&L Transmission
Byron Hotel & Trail House
Cancer Services Program
The Caryville Inn
Castilone Chrysler Dodge Jeep
CB Beach Mortuary
Cedar St. Sales and Rentals
Center Street Smokehouse
Chap's Elba Diner & Catering
Chesley's Auto
City Slickers
Council Opticians
Country Line Electric
Crazy Cheap Cars
Dan's Tire
Darien Lake
D&R Depot Restaurant
Dave's Ice Cream
Deep Blue Pool & Spa
Delre's Greenhouse & Garden Center
Denny's Pool World
Derrick Monument Company
The Divine Tree
Dolce Panepinto Attorneys At Law
Dumbleton's Used Auto Parts
Empire Access
Erie East Windows & Doors
Fab Fajita & Pita
Falcone Family Funeral & Cremation Service Inc.
Falleti Motors
Fastec Automotive
Ficarella's Pizzeria
The Finishing Line
First Choice Travel
Floral Fantasies
Foxprowl Collectibles
Genesee Dental Group
Gerace Realty - Robert J. Gerace
Gilmartin Funeral Home & Cremation Company, Inc.
Godfrey's Pond
Greens of LeRoy
H.E. Turner & Co.
Hair Studio 25
Hardcor Audio
Harris Wilcox Inc.
Haul-4-Less
Henry H. Cook Inc.
High Voltage Tattoo
Housing Council at Pathstone
Humphrey's Electric & Security
J. Leonard McAndrew
Jagged Edges Salon
Java Farm Supply
John's Service Station
Johnson's Elderly Care
Kati's Place Family Restaurant
Ken Barrett
Kiwanis
Kreative Design Kitchen & Bath
L&L Transmission, Inc.
Lambert's Design Jewelers
Le Roy Federal Credit Union
Livia Beauty & Spa
Manor House
Marchese Computer
Matteo & Mullen, CPA
Max Pies
O'Lacy's Irish Pub
Oakfield Fitness
Oliver's Candies
Optique
P&L Air
Paige's Bounce Houses
Pastore's Pizzeria
Pellegrino Auto Sales
Pin Points
Precision Lawn Care
R&D Outlet
RCW @ Bohn's
RW Vapors
Rancho Viejo Mexican Restaurant
Red Osier
Reed Eye Associates
Rider Real Estate
Rochester Regional Health @ UMMC
Sallome Heating & Cooling
Santino's Pizza
Select Collision
Settler's Restaurant
Skyline RV Sales & Service
Sloat's Tire
Smokin' Eagle Brew & BBQ
Southside Deli
Stella Collision
T.F. Brown's
The Insurance Center
The Oak Grill & Cafe
Tobacco Free GLOW
Tomaszewski Funeral & Cremation Chapel
Tompkins Bank of Castle Insurance
Toyota of Batavia
Trash Away
Valle Jewelers
WNY Fireplace Outlet
West Main Wine & Spirits
Western Regional Off Track
William Kent, Inc.
YMCA
YWCA
Yasses Construction
Yume Asian Bistro
 








June 18, 2013 - 2:36pm 

CY Farms grew from the good land


posted by Howard B. Owens in agriculture, byron, Genesee County Farms, CY Farms. 


The third in our series on Genesee County farms and farmers.
The house was ramshackle. There were broken doors and windows that wouldn't close, but the land was good. Carl Yunker knew it was soil he could grow something in.
"I was after the dirt," Carl said. "I said, 'if I got the dirt, I'll get the rest.' This is good land."
He couldn't buy the 200-acre farm and its 30 cows, but he could lease it. He moved his family from Sheldon to a house without plumbing in Elba. It was 1951. The house was more than 100 years old. The Yunkers, married in 1947, and with two young children, would put down roots near the intersection of Transit and North Byron.
Bernice went from cooking with gas to a wood stove in kitchen with warped floorboards.
That first Thanksgiving, she was expecting 17 people for supper. The night before, a cat crept in through the broken door from the cellar into the kitchen and feasted on turkey breast.
The day after Thanksgiving, Carl built a new cellar door.
In the kitchen, paint was peeling from one wall. Bernice drove into Batavia and bought the largest Rand McNally map of the United States she could find. She bought a series of smaller state maps. She decorated the wall with the maps, she said, so visitors would discuss the state of the union rather than the state of the house.
"I said if she lives with me for a year, she will stay with me for good," Carl said.



Craig Yunker
Craig Yunker, the Yunker's second of five children, was born in 1951 in Sheldon. He was raised in the house on Transit Road.
Today, the house that was falling apart 61 years ago, is now the home of Craig and Kimberly Yunker. 
It's fully restored, of course. Inside, the walls are white and the floor polished hardwood. Left exposed are structural beams that were hand hewn in the 1820s by strong men with axes and chisels.
Carl, who turns 90 next month, lives with Bernice in a farmhouse built in 1900. When the Yunkers first moved to Elba, the Merrimans, who farmed the land before the Yunkers, lived in the newer house while the Yunkers lived in the older house. After Carl and Bernice moved in, Bernice wanted a little storage room at the back of the house fixed up to use as an artist studio.  Carl expanded the room and added a second level, giving Bernice all the space she needed to paint and draw and display her work.
When Carl and Bernice met, she was a preacher's kid in Sheldon. They saw each other for the first time in the foyer of a church.
"When I saw him, he was sort of looking me up and down one Sunday when I went into church and I thought, 'you young snip, you,' " Bernice said. "I thought he was 17 years old and he was 25."



Bernice Yunker
Bernice knew nothing about farming when she met Carl, but she's proud to call herself a farmer's wife. That's the name of her studio -- Farmer's Wife Studio -- where she paints and teaches art classes.
Bernice has been a member of the Genesee County Art Society for more than 50 years. 
Her favorite subject is trees. She paints and draws a lot of trees. Well, she paints and draws a lot. Carl said she's a workaholic when it comes to art. When she has five minutes, he said, she's in the studio working on something.
Bernice has completed thousands of pieces of art. Earlier this year, she threw out about 700 of her paintings.
Living on a farm, Bernice said, her children learned the value of work. The boys started working in the barns when they were 7, getting paid for their work. By the time they were 12, they were buying their own clothes.
"I don't see how the city people to it," Bernice said. "These boys were never under my feet because they were working."
After all that farm work, Craig wasn't sure he wanted to be a farmer. His mother dropped him off at Cornell University for his freshman year and that's when he told her, he wasn't sure he wanted to farm.
He read Jack Kerouac. As Dean Moriarty took to the road, so did Craig Yunker. After the first semester of his second year at Cornell, Craig  left on a six-month ramble across America. He drove a 1963 Chevy. He packed  a Mamiya/Sekor 1000 DLT camera. In Las Vegas, his car was done and he was out of money. He managed to make it to California and spent some time at a commune before returning to New York.
He came home and went back to Cornell. Craig has a degree in agricultural economics and a master's in resource economics.
Carl had gone from tenant farmer to farm owner in 1963. When Craig came home, father and son became partners.
All of Craig's siblings found pursuits other than farming. Gail, the oldest, lives on a boat north of Seattle. Chris, three years younger than Craig, is a military man and lives in Virginia. Joy lives in Troy and Heidi lives in Medina.
CY Farms is owned today by Carl, Craig, Craig's son, Christian, and P.J. Riner, who is now retired but for years handled the day-to-day operations of the farm while Craig managed the business and CY's growth.
What started as a 200-acre tenant dairy farm is now 6,000 acres of turf, corn, wheat, soybeans, alfalfa, onions and green peas.
How CY transformed from a small dairy farm to one of the largest crop farms in WNY is as much a story of persistence and hard work as good fortune, Craig said.
"I'd like to be able to tell you that I had everything planned out, but some things just happen," Craig said. "Our success is sort of a hybrid of luck and timing with some hard work thrown in, but a lot of it is just luck."
The big turning point came in 1986, when CY Farms was a 400-acre operation with 300 cows.
The federal government decided the country was awash in dairy products. The USDA wanted fewer cows and fewer dairy farms. The government set up a reverse auction -- farmers would set a price for their herd and the government would start with the lowest bid and buy up more and more herds at higher and higher prices until the target number of cows were purchased.
If farmers put in a bid, they obligated themselves to destroying their cows or exporting them to a foreign country.
"We submitted a fairly high bid and I was fairly confident that we wouldn't get taken," Craig said. "We only bid it because it's just one of those things where everything has it's price, so we said let's put in a number high enough that if we get taken we'll be happy. We didn't expect to get taken and we did. We were surprised that our bid got accepted, but we had already signed it so we had no choice at that point."
The Yunkers had a year to dispose of their herd. By contract, they couldn't produce milk for five years.
The story continues after the jump. Click on the headline to read more.
They were left with 400 acres of land. As Carl said, good land. Good soil. You can grow things in good soil, things like corn and peas and cabbage.
"I thought at that time, maybe we'll get back in the dairy business, but we never went back to milking cows," Craig said.
Carl Yunker made the right decision in 1951. He came to Genesee County because he thought the good, flat farm fields of Elba would give him more flexibilty as a farmer than the hill country around Sheldon.
Without cows, CY Farms became a crop farm and began to grow.
Carl was also working on his own plan. By age 65, he wanted to start backing out of the business and handing over more control to Craig.
Too many farmers, according to Carl said, don't have a plan for handing their farms off to their children.
"That's one of my big criticism of family farms where dad hangs on so long and doesn't give the younger generation the opportunity to develop themslves and move on," Carl said.
Family farms that cease being family farms have meant opportunity for the Yunkers.
There was, for example, a 900-acre farm -- including muckland -- that fell into the hands of four brothers. Four feuding brothers. The brothers sold off their farm equipment and leased the land to CY Farms.
Craig knew better than to sit all four brothers in a room and try to buy their land.
"If one guy liked this deal the other guy wouldn't like the deal because the other brother liked the deal," Craig said.
He was patient. He stayed friendly with each brother.
"It took, I think, two years, but I got that deal," Craig said.



Mucklands
It was a big deal. Too big for CY to handle on its own. To help finance the purchase, Craig sold off some of the land to a neighboring farmer.
The purchase included muck, good onion-growing muck. CY Farms added onions to their product line.
Next, they added grass.
Perhaps the biggest deal for the Yunkers was the purchase of Batavia Turf. Initially Craig was just interested in acquiring more crop land. Tony Peca owned 600 acres of farmland. Craig was thinking about the land, not the business.
Peca started Batavia Turf in 1960 and it was the original turf farm in New York. When the Thruway was constructed through Genesee County, part of the deal was Peca could keep his billboard next to the I-90. Batavia Turf has the only billboard in New York on Thruway Authority property.
"(The business) was very well known," Craig said, and as he dug into the particulars of the deal, he realized it would be a good thing to buy not just the land, but the business.
"We looked at it as an opportunity to expand," Craig said.
Peca's two sons signed on as Yunker employees to oversee turf production and manage the marketing for two years. They were paid above-average salaries, Craig said, to help the Yunkers break into the business.
"We didn't know anything about growing turf and we didn't know anything about marketing turf," Craig said.



Calves at CY Heifer Farm
The Yunkers, of course, as former dairy farmers, do know cows, and in a different way, the next CY Farms expansion got the family back into the dairy business. Rather than milk cows, they raise them for area dairy farmers.
The opportunity came to the Yunkers when Agway let one of its business units fall into bankruptcy.
A few years before, Agway managers decided one of the secrets of success for dairy farmers in California was the replacement heifer business. Rather than dairy farmers raising their own calves, there are whole farms that do nothing but raise calves for other farmers. Agway thought that might be a good business line in WNY.
The company picked land owned by CY Properities for the operation. Raising calves means manure. Manure means noxious odors. Cow odors can cause complaints from nearby residents. The Yunkers owned a plot of land just southwest of the mucklands. Up on a ridge, overlooking the onion fields, a bit isolated from residential neighborhoods. The wind carries odors away from any homes in the area and out over the farmfields. It seemed like a smart spot to raise calves and convert manure into plant food.
CY Heifers takes in calves from about 10 dairy farmers in the area. As they grow, they move through a series of barns according to size and age until they're old enough to be moved back into the farmers production herd. The dairy farms can concentrate on milk production rather than raising their own calves.
The 6,000 acres of CY Farms is divided among 60 or so parcels in Elba, Byron, Batavia and Stafford. All of the land is owned by CY Properties, which leases land to CY Farms, Batavia Turf and CY Heifers.
Each business unit operates on its own P&L (profit and loss statement), but farm equipment and employees are shared among the operations.



The morning managers' meeting
It takes a lot of coordination to manage the crops, the land, the equipment and the people (just under 50 employees total). Each morning at 6:30, Craig Yunker and the farm's five managers meet in a Mid-century ranch home that has been converted to office space on the southeast corner of Transit and North Byron. 
Meeting with Craig every day are Christian Yunker, Charles Augello, Chuck Barie, Mac Ewell and Mike Riner.
First topic each morning: The weather. Cold, rain, wind and sun -- whatever the elements -- will determine much of the work schedule for the day.  It's hard to plow a field when it's muddy and darn near useless to spray pea plants in the wind.
"Everything starts with weather and then you plan your day," Craig said.
The morning meeting is a time to balance priorities against available resources. There's usually more work than hours in the day or feet on the ground.
"There are five us every morning judging who needs what tractor, who needs what truck, who needs what personnel or this or that, and sometimes, you know, something has to wait," Craig said. "One man is going to be frustrated because he's got his plan, but there aren't enough tractors, trucks and people to do everything."
What crops are grown each season is planned out up to a year in advance.
Craig and his team make a P&L for every crop they grow.
"Each crop is analyzed on its own for its own profitability," Craig said. "If crops are not profitable in one year, that's normal, but if it's a trend and they stop making us money, then we stop growing them. We did that with tomatoes."
This year, you won't find any cabbage growing on CY property.  When the management team analyzed the potential for cabbage, two problems loomed large: The Affordable Health Care Act and the difficulty in hiring migrant labor.
Cabbage may grow again on CY Farms, but first Craig said he needs to be assured that employing more than 50 people won't drive up the cost of health insurance and he needs to know he can hire legal workers that won't get swept away in immigration raids.
Solutions to those problems, if there are any, will only come out of Washington.
Then, there's the price of corn. Last year and this, corn prices have hit historically high levels.
Craig's office is dominated by a large wooden desk. He has a bookshelf and filing cabinet. On one wall are original color pen-and-ink drawings by Don Carmicheal of the Old Courthouse and County Building #1, momentos of Craig's tenure as chairman of the Genesee County Legislature in the 1980s.



Corn
On the back of door, Craig keeps a poster of corn prices.
For more than 100 years, it shows corn prices fluctuating in a fairly nominal pattern, then there's a big spike -- prices climbed above $5 a few years back -- then prices returned to a fairly normal level.
Craig points to a spot off the chart and says, "now prices are here."
That would be somewhere over the $6 mark.
Six-dollar corn is another reason not to grow cabbage.
Last year's drought in the Midwest and this year's flooding in the Eastern Corn Belt have been good things for WNY corn growers.
"Last year we got prices higher than we ever expected and we had a very good year because of that," Craig said. "We forward-contracted our corn and sold a good portion of the next year's crop."
Near the corner of Route 262 and Ivison Road are a half dozen storage bins that glisten in the sun. They're made to store feed corn. Cabbage is a perishable crop and must be sold close to harvest. Corn can be stored much longer.
"The idea is to sell it when it's profitable and not when you have to sell it," Craig said.
Onions are a crop that must be sold at harvest, too. It's one of the most challenging crops CY Farms grows. Out on the muck, farmers battle wind, rain and weeds. It's no different for the small muck farmer or the big muck farmer. 
The demand for onions doesn't change much year to year.
As Craig put it, a restaurant isn't going to buy more onions just because the price drops. If the price is high, it doesn't suppress demand.
That can make growing onions at a profit a challenge.
Which is why Craig thinks CY Farms has an advantage with its 6,000 acres and more than half a dozen crops it grows. Farm managers can rotate crops, react to changes in the market and the weather and absorb, in most years, unexpected price fluctuations.
"One of the advantages we have over somebody that just grows onions is that diversity and that stabilizing effect," Craig said.
The production numbers for CY Farms in a typical year are impressive:

Corn -- 3,000 acres at 146 bushels per acre

Wheat -- 700 acres at 75 bushels per acre

Onions -- 100 acres, at 650 50-lbs bags

Soybeans -- 700 acres, at 44 bushels per acre

Alfalfa -- 1,000 acres at 12 to 13 tons per acre

Barley -- 40 acres at 60 to 70 bushels per acre

100 acres of turf harvested per year
Batavia Turf grows more than 100 acres of grass per year, but it takes 18 to 24 months to bring grass from seed to sod, sliced and rolled onto pallets ready for delivery to customers from Pittsburgh to Watertown.





Jose Castanada and Katie Houseknect
With 5,000 acres available for crop rotation, the grass-growing business has benefited from being absorbed into CY Farms. One problem smaller turf operations run into is that with only a few hundred acres available, used year after year for the same crop, the sod is more susceptible to weeds and disease. 
Jose Castaneda manages the turf operation and Katie Houseknect and Chuck Hoover sell the grass.
"Jose makes it easy to sell a quality product," Houseknect said. "We do have the finest quality sod in WNY because of our quality soil. The emerald green color, the guarantee of quality, the fact that we can rotate our crop and keep the sod clean of any type of infestations makes it easy to sell."
The grass is 20 percent Kentucky Bluegrass and varieties of fescue. The fescue is more drought and disease tolorant than Bluegrass and helps Batavia Turf's sod keep its emerald green color even in dry summers.
Every day (except rain days) during the spring and summer, crews use a precision, computer-controlled grass harvester to cut and roll the turf. Grass is delivered to clients the same day or the day before it's scheduled for planting. 
Customers include homeowners, schools, landscapers, contractors and sports field owners.
Yunker is clearly proud of the role Batavia Turf has played in helping diversify the family business and add to its overall growth.
Running a big farm keeps Craig busy, but he still has time for himself. He's never lost his love of adventure.
In his office, behind his desk, is a large photo of a sailboat charging through the waters of Lake Ontario.



Craig Yunker with his Hemingway collection
Craig loves sailing. The man who once drove a '63 Chevy across America still loves to travel. And he loves Ernest Hemingway.
When Craig travels, he prefers to stay where Hemingway stayed.
Hemingway lived in Havana for a time, so Craig has been to Cuba.
When visitors enter the home of Craig and Kimberly Yunker, they find themselves first in a room with few pieces of furniture. There are a couple of paintings on the walls. To the back of the room is a floor-to-ceiling window that frames a green back yard. Yellow roses grow by the patio. On the south wall of the room, at the center of the house, there is also a cabinet filled books by Hemingway and about Hemingway.
Craig and Kimberly have three children: Christian, 33, Cyrus, 35 and Katherine, 31. There's a picture of their children with the Hemingway books.
Upstairs in the old farmhouse, Craig pointed to a wineskin hanging from a single nail pounded into one of the exposed, hand-hewn beams of a guest room. The wineskin is autographed. 
The skin is from Pamplona, Spain. Hemingway made many trips in his time to Pamplona. He wrote about the bullfights there. In "The Sun Also Rises" men drink wine from bota bags in Pamplona.
When Craig sojourned in Pamplona, he stopped in a shop to buy a wineskin. Craig spoke to his travel companion. He mentioned Hemingway. The shop owner exlaimed, "Oh, Ernesto!" The little man scurried to the back of the store and retrieved a photo. It was a framed print of the shop owner with Hemingway standing behind him while the shop owner signed a wineskin.
Next to the wineskin, hanging from that wooded beam is a photo of Craig Yunker standing where Ernesto once stood while the shop owner signed his wineskin.
"What do you like about Hemingway?"



Christian Yunker
"His sense of adventure. He was his own person. He lived his own life. I like his style of writing. It's straightforward."
CY Farms is a big operation now, and Christian Yunker is next in line to run it. Like father, like son, Craig is giving Christian increasing responsibility for the farm over the years, just as his father did with him.
Christian is also a graduate of Cornell. After college, he worked in New Jersey for six years handling farm loans for Farm Credit East. It was good experience. It gave him a broader knowledge of what it takes to run a modern farm.
Like a lot of sons, Christian admires his father and thinks Craig has a real talent for the business.
"He has the ability to deal with people and negotiate deals," Christian said. "He's much more of a big-picture thinker. Most of his decision-making is about five, 10 years down the road, which for some people doesn't come as naturally as it does for him."
Christian has two young daughters -- much too young to know if they'll take to farming.
"I want them to be successful in life, so I'm not going to presume anything," Christian said.
Looking down the road, Christian said, perhaps they won't run the farm. Perhaps it will become an employee-run operation. It's too soon to say.
So these days, while little girls play and farmworkers work, one of the favorite pastimes of Carl Yunker is sitting on his porch reading novels and watching the traffic pass on Transit Road. Carl figures half the traffic is trucks and tractors owned by CY Farms.
He said he's proud of what the little farm in Elba has become. He thinks it will be around for a good long while now.
"I hope it keeps going successfully, and I'm sure it will," Carl said. "We've got a great team of people put together. People are the heart of an operation. You've gotta have good people or you don't have much."

 

RecommendTweetPin it 





June 19, 2013 - 9:00am

#1







Ed Hartgrove 

 

Offline 

Last seen: 1 day 11 hours ago 

Joined: Dec 20 2012 - 11:54am 










Terrific story, Howard. Thank you!
Hey, Howard! Did anybody ever tell you that you should think about writing as a career? :)
Good work!
 




Top


Log in or register to post comments
 






June 19, 2013 - 10:32am

#2







Howard B. Owens 

 

Offline 

Last seen: 1 day 4 hours ago 

Joined: Apr 23 2008 - 3:05pm 










Thanks, Ed. Most people tell me I should go into radio.
 




Top


Log in or register to post comments
 






June 19, 2013 - 3:16pm

#3







Mark Brudz 

 

Offline 

Last seen: 5 days 15 hours ago 

Joined: Feb 9 2012 - 9:33pm 










Well you do have the voice for it
 




Top


Log in or register to post comments
 






June 19, 2013 - 6:32pm

#4







Howard B. Owens 

 

Offline 

Last seen: 1 day 4 hours ago 

Joined: Apr 23 2008 - 3:05pm 










And the face, and there's no typos.
 




Top


Log in or register to post comments
 




Post new comment
Log in or register to post comments 














Calendar





July 2017



« 

» 










S 

M 

T 

W 

T 

F 

S 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 1  




 2  


 3  


 4  


 5  


 6  


 7  


 8  




 9  


 10  


 11  


 12  


 13  


 14  


 15  




 16  


 17  


 18  


 19  


 20  


 21  


 22  




 23  


 24  


 25  


 26  


 27  


 28  


 29  




 30  


 31  


 


 


 


 


 




 

 
 

Upcoming


 
 Hay Day Vacation Bible Camp 
 Jul 22 2017 - 9:00am to 2:00pm 

 Movies on Main 
 Jul 22 2017 - 8:00pm to 9:30pm 

 Crossroads House Annual Garage Sale Preview Day 
 Jul 26 2017 - 9:00am to 12:00pm 

 Batavia Concert Band Summer Series 
 Jul 26 2017 - 7:00pm to 8:00pm 

 Crossroads House Annual Garage Sale 
 Jul 27 2017 - 9:00am to 6:00pm 
 


more 

 







 





















Copyright © 2008-2016 The Batavian. Some Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license.
Contact: Howard Owens, publisher (howard (at) the batavian dot com); (585) 250-4118


 








ERIC - The Effects of Intercollegiate Athletic Participation on Student Academic Achievement and Leadership Performance in a Selective Institution, ProQuest LLC, 2009






















NotesFAQContact Us



Collection
Thesaurus
AdvancedSearch Tips




 Peer reviewed only
 Full text available on ERIC




Collection
Thesaurus
BrowseThesaurus




 Include Synonyms
 Include Dead terms



Direct linkERIC Number: ED535381Record Type: Non-JournalPublication Date: 2009Pages: 166Abstractor: As ProvidedReference Count: N/AISBN: ISBN-978-1-1094-6308-8ISSN: N/AThe Effects of Intercollegiate Athletic Participation on Student Academic Achievement and Leadership Performance in a Selective InstitutionYunker, Craig AndrewProQuest LLC, Ph.D. Dissertation, State University of New York at AlbanyThe purpose of this study was to examine the influence of various intensity levels of athletic participation on academic and leadership performance in a selective institution. For the purpose of this study a retrospective analysis of existing admissions and student performance data was conducted. The continuous dependent variables were academic and leadership performance scores. The categorical independent variables were the three intensity levels of athletic participation (high commitment athletes, moderate commitment athletes, general population students), gender and race. The subjects for this study included 4977 of the 4998 students that graduated from a selective institution from 1992 through 1996. Results of this study provide evidence that participation in college athletics did not hinder student academic performance in a selective institution. Even athletes that participated in high commitment athletics were found to reach their academic potential in this setting. These findings are attributed to the institutional policies that allowed athletes to remain integrated within the student body as a whole. It remains unclear; however, which policies had the greatest impact on the academic success of athletes in this investigation. In a separate analysis, athletic participation was found to negatively influence high commitment athlete's leadership performance scores in a selective institution. Given the scarcity of published research examining the influence of athletic participation on leadership development, the findings of this investigation may form the foundation upon which future studies will build upon. The implications for this study provide insight for future research and allow for the advancement of current theory on the complex role of intercollegiate athletics and its influence on the academic and leadership performance of college students.    [The dissertation citations contained here are published with the permission of ProQuest LLC. Further reproduction is prohibited without permission. Copies of dissertations may be obtained by Telephone (800) 1-800-521-0600. Web page: http://www.proquest.com/en-US/products/dissertations/individuals.shtml.]Descriptors: Academic Achievement, College Students, Intercollegiate Cooperation, College Athletics, Athletes, Selective Admission, Leadership, Student Participation, Predictor Variables, Gender Differences, Racial Differences, School PolicyProQuest LLC. 789 East Eisenhower Parkway, P.O. Box 1346, Ann Arbor, MI 48106. Tel: 800-521-0600; Web site: http://www.proquest.com/en-US/products/dissertations/individuals.shtmlPublication Type: Dissertations/Theses - Doctoral DissertationsEducation Level: Higher Education; Postsecondary EducationAudience: N/ALanguage: EnglishSponsor: N/AAuthoring Institution: N/A
  Privacy | Copyright | Contact Us | Selection PolicyJournals | Non-Journals | Download | Submit | Multimedia





Carl & Craig Yunker                                                                                                      - Elba                                              , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Elba



General Farms, Primarily Crop



General Farms, Primarily Crop



                            Carl & Craig Yunker
                                    



 





















C 


Carl & Craig Yunker                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6460 TRANSIT RD ELBA, NY 14058
Get Directions



(585) 548-7701
www.cyfarms.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $87,244.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries General Farms, Primarily Crop
 Contacts Craig Yunker                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Carl & Craig Yunker                                                                                                      was founded in 2001. Carl & Craig Yunker                                                                                                      specializes in General Farms, Primarily Crop. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	
DisplayBio.aspx






















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


	Turn on more accessible mode



	Turn off more accessible mode



	Skip Ribbon Commands



	Skip to main content








Site Actions


This page location is:


Department of Physical EducationFacultyBiographies








Sign In























West Point Facebook
West Point Twitter
West Point YouTube Channel
West Point Flickr



























 



























Admissions




West Point Admissions
United States Military Academy Preparatory School


 



Academics




Dean of Academics
Academic Departments
Curriculum
Student Excellence
Centers & Research
Academic Operations
Strategic Documents
USMA Library
Order a Transcript


 



Military




Commandant of Cadets
Brigade Tactical Department
Department of Military Instruction
Department of Physical Education
Simon Center for the Professional Military Ethic
The Center for the Army Profession and Ethic


 



Athletics




NCAA
Competitive Club Sports
Company Athletics


 







Superintendent


 






Command Sergeant Major


 


Community




Visiting West Point
West Point Garrison
Keller Army Community Hospital
West Point Band
AAFES
Commissary
Employment & Personnel Advisory


 



News

About Us




Superintendent
Command Sergeant Major
West Point Staff
Chaplain
Corps of Cadets
Directorate of Cadet Activities
Alumni
History
Parents
Trademark
West Point Cemetery
USMA Student Consumer Information


 























Home
About
Cadet Candidates

Start Now
Physical Requirements
Physical Tests
Additional Preparation
Individualized Program
Cadet Candidate FAQs

Curriculum

Military Movement
Swimming
Boxing
Combatives
Fitness
Lifetime Physical Activity Courses
Kinesiology

Faculty

Current Faculty
Recent Faculty

Job Opportunities

Teaching in DPE
Application Process
Graduate School
FAQ

Facility
Sports Med
Publications
Department Awards














Department of Physical Education

 
										
											
Display Biographical Details

										













Dr. Craig Yunker

Assistant Professor/Director of Competitive Sports
-N/A-
Contact Information:
         Office Hours: By Appointment
         Office Location: B331
Phone: 5429
Email: Craig.yunker@usma.edu





Biography
Education
Publications
Research



Currently the Director of Competitive Sports. Formerly the head athletic trainer, United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. Responsible for all aspects of the operation and management of the Athletic Training room, to include the direct supervision and evaluation of three Certified Athletic Trainers. Oversee and provide prevention, care and reconditioning to the Corps of Cadets for injuries, which occur in physical education courses, intramural activities and club sports.College Instructor United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. October 1992 to present. Responsible for the coordination and instruction of college level physical education courses for the Corps of Cadets. Course director for Snowboarding. Primary instructor for Snowboarding, Fitness Leader II, SCUBA, and Downhill Skiing, Strength Development, Personal Fitness, Grappling and Tennis. Summer Program Director for the Physical Individual Advanced Development courses in SCUBA and Rock Climbing.Adjunct Professor United States Military Academy – Baylor University Post-professional PT- Sports Medicine Doctoral Residency Program, West Point, New York. August 1994 to present. Responsible for teaching the Physical Therapist in the program various aspects of providing quality sports medicine care. Such topics include emergency management techniques, on the field evaluation techniques, wrapping and taping techniques. Evaluation of closed head injuries and other topics related to sports medicine. ​
 
Ph.D. Education Administration and Policy Studies, University at Albany, SUNY, (student)
M.S. Exercise Science, State University of New York at Buffalo, 1994
B.S. Health Science, Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania, 1988
​  
Publication history is not available at this time.​
Research history is not available at this time.​






 















External Links Disclaimer - The appearance of hyperlinks to external sites does not constitute endorsement by West Point or the U.S. Army of the linked web site or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, West Point and the U.S. Army do not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this Department of Army web site.
Only questions or comments regarding the technical aspects of the Web site should be sent to the web master. If you are reporting a broken link, please help us by identifying the page or Web site where you found the link or web address.
Please click here to send an email to the West Point web team.

































	
	Department of Physical Education - Home






























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


	Turn on more accessible mode



	Turn off more accessible mode



	Skip Ribbon Commands



	Skip to main content




To navigate through the Ribbon, use standard browser navigation keys. To skip between groups, use Ctrl+LEFT or Ctrl+RIGHT. To jump to the first Ribbon tab use Ctrl+[. To jump to the last selected command use Ctrl+]. To activate a command, use Enter.



Site Actions


This page location is:


Department of Physical EducationHome




BrowseTab 1 of 3.PageTab 2 of 3.PublishTab 3 of 3.



Sign In
























West Point Facebook
West Point Twitter
West Point YouTube Channel
West Point Flickr



























 



























Admissions




West Point Admissions
United States Military Academy Preparatory School


 



Academics




Dean of Academics
Academic Departments
Curriculum
Student Excellence
Centers & Research
Academic Operations
Strategic Documents
USMA Library
Order a Transcript


 



Military




Commandant of Cadets
Brigade Tactical Department
Department of Military Instruction
Department of Physical Education
Simon Center for the Professional Military Ethic
The Center for the Army Profession and Ethic


 



Athletics




NCAA
Competitive Club Sports
Company Athletics


 







Superintendent


 






Command Sergeant Major


 


Community




Visiting West Point
West Point Garrison
Keller Army Community Hospital
West Point Band
AAFES
Commissary
Employment & Personnel Advisory


 



News

About Us




Superintendent
Command Sergeant Major
West Point Staff
Chaplain
Corps of Cadets
Directorate of Cadet Activities
Alumni
History
Parents
Trademark
West Point Cemetery
USMA Student Consumer Information


 























Home
About
Cadet Candidates

Start Now
Physical Requirements
Physical Tests
Additional Preparation
Individualized Program
Cadet Candidate FAQs

Curriculum

Military Movement
Swimming
Boxing
Combatives
Fitness
Lifetime Physical Activity Courses
Kinesiology

Faculty

Current Faculty
Recent Faculty

Job Opportunities

Teaching in DPE
Application Process
Graduate School
FAQ

Facility
Sports Med
Publications
Department Awards














Department of Physical Education

 


Home













Welcome to the Department of Physical Education 
The Department of Physical Education teaches a core curriculum of military movement, swimming, combatives, fitness, and boxing. Cadets can also take classes in sports such as rock climbing, skiing, snowboarding, scuba diving, and soccer. The department offers a Kinesiology major.
 
Overall, the Department of Physical Education develops warrior leaders of character who are physically and mentally tough by engaging cadets in activities that promote and enhance physical excellence.
 
Contact the Arvin Gym Front Desk at 845-938-5125
 
Physical Program Strategic Plan
 
 
Visit us on Facebook
false,false,1









 















External Links Disclaimer - The appearance of hyperlinks to external sites does not constitute endorsement by West Point or the U.S. Army of the linked web site or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, West Point and the U.S. Army do not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this Department of Army web site.
Only questions or comments regarding the technical aspects of the Web site should be sent to the web master. If you are reporting a broken link, please help us by identifying the page or Web site where you found the link or web address.
Please click here to send an email to the West Point web team.










































Yunker Industries - who we are









Home
About Us

who we are
leadership
history
sustainability

What We Do

print
prototype
design
fulfillment
installation

Work We've Done
Contact Us

contact info
careers






who we are
leadership
history


who we are
We are stewards for your brand and the mission
      of your organization…we like to think of it as
      local in focus, national in reach

    For nearly 70 years Yunker has been one of the top graphics and décor manufacturers in the retail industry. Our customers include brands, big-box and specialty retailers, quick-serve restaurants and convenience stores. Yunker distinguishes itself by offering a fully integrated level of in-house services from design to large format printing to complete store installations. Creating single source accountability through our centrally located US operations enables us to service a nationwide customer base cost effectively.

For Yunker Industries excellence is not an event and it does not just happen –
      you build, nurture and reinforce it daily. It’s an attitude and expectation.  Ours is a set of beliefs built on a solid foundation of the highest ethical values possessed by each member of our company.

Our Vision
      
Our culture is dedicated to meeting and exceeding our customers’ expectations.  We pride ourselves in being proactive and innovative in providing value added solutions to support the needs of our customers.  We strive to build long term relationships with our customers and assist them with whatever support and solutions they need to increase their awareness or image and create partnerships that support strategic objectives for growth.  We are committed to develop the highest quality products and provide superior service.  We want “fans” not “customers” that value our expertise as we continually challenge ourselves to improve products and processes utilizing the latest technology, materials and methods available to our industry.








Ph: 877-798-6537
        Fax: 262-723-3340
©2013 Yunker Industries • Elkhorn, WI 53121
Innovative Visual Solutions 









Craig James Yunker - Pensacola, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Craig James Yunker in Pensacola, FL


Craig James Yunker

                                                                           Intelius found that Craig James Yunker  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Pensacola, FL.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Craig James Yunker is in his 60s

Craig Has Lived In

Pensacola, FL
Menlo Park, CA
Kaneohe, HI

Craig's Relatives

Erin Yunker
Christopher Yunker
Kelly George
Kathleen Yunker







Craig James Yunker



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board of Trustees Member at Culture Unplugged Ltd



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Craig? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Craig, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Craig James Yunker
Get a Criminal Check on Craig James Yunker
Get a Public Record Report on Craig James Yunker
Get a People Search Report on Craig James Yunker


Craig James Yunker's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Craig James Yunker has lived as well as Craig James Yunker's phone numbers and email addresses.




Craig James Yunker Has Lived in 3 States
Florida Address for Craig James Yunker


7732 B******** D* 

Pensacola, FL


Has Lived In

Pensacola, FL
Menlo Park, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Craig James Yunker

(805) ***-**** - Los Osos, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Los Osos, CA 
(808) ***-**** - Kaneohe, HI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Craig James Yunker



Get Email Report




Craig James Yunker's Professional Information
Information regarding Craig James Yunker's professional history.  Find out previous places Craig James Yunker has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Craig James Yunker Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Culture Unplugged Ltd
               Title: Board of Trustees Member
Craig James Yunker's Experience
Title: Board of Trustees Member
               Company: Culture Unplugged Ltd
Job Details
               We are focusing on producing digital/HD content. Our productions aspire to be low Cost & global without any preconceived limits on form or length of the content which presents creative spirituality at work. We also invite collaborations across borders on documentary productions on specific social issues. We believe in innovation through peaceful subversion of the proverbial precepts. We DO NOT wish to produce to fill the spaces in media channel, but fill spaces within us.
Additional Professional Information on Craig James Yunker

 See Craig James Yunker's LinkedIn Profile



Craig James Yunker's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Craig James Yunker


Craig James Yunker's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Craig James Yunker's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Craig Yunker
Username Matches

                  CraigYunker
                  YunkerCraig
                  Craig.Yunker
                  Yunker.Craig
                  Craig_Yunker
                  Yunker_Craig
                  Craig-Yunker
                  Yunker-Craig
                  CYunker
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Yunker







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














        Help for Inmates Before, During and After Prison
    







































Home
Contact Us
About Us








Facebook
Twitter
Google +
+1-866-966-7100





aid@inmateaid.com







Login



 


 




 















 

 















Craig Yunker

Home
Inmate Profile Search
Craig Yunker










Craig Yunker








                      Adult Facility

                      Pocahontas, Arkansas

Randolph County AR Jail




















 




 





Connect with Craig now







Arrest Records






Discount Calls






Send Letters & Photos 





 Send Postcards 




 Send Magazines 




 Send Money 




 Registered Offenders 




 Ask a Lawyer  














×
Enter your e-mail























×
Enter your e-mail



















 




 



















 
























 


Craig Yunker's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo





















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsCalifornia(1)Florida(2)Hawaii(1)Illinois(2)Kansas(1)Missouri(3)New Jersey(1)New York(6)Rhode Island(1)Tennessee(1)SHOW ALL 11 LOCATIONS







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (Y)








Craig Yunker






Craig Yunker16 people named Craig Yunker found in New York, Missouri and 9 other states. Click a state below to find Craig more easily.



Browse locationsCalifornia(1)Florida(2)Hawaii(1)Illinois(2)Kansas(1)Missouri(3)New Jersey(1)New York(6)Rhode Island(1)Tennessee(1)SHOW ALL 11 LOCATIONS










Person


Craig
E
Yunker, age 39



Locations

Hollister,
MO


Frankfort,
IL


Branson,
MO



Relatives

Bennett

Yunker


Brenda

Yunker


Krista

Yunker


Steven

Yunker


Holly

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
S
Yunker, age 45

Graig Yunker


Locations

Mokena,
IL


Evanston,
IL


Champaign,
IL



Relatives

Diana

Yunker


Ronald

Yunker


Edwin

Yunker


B

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
A
Yunker, age 66

Carl Yunker


Locations

Elba,
NY



Relatives

Cyrus

Yunker


Heidi

Yunker


Christopher

Yunker


Katherine

Yunker


Bernice

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
A
Yunker, age 44



Locations

New Windsor,
NY


Fishkill,
NY



Relatives

Craig

Yunker


Lauren

Yunker


Laura

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig

Yunker, age 47



Locations

Ithaca,
NY



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
L
Yunker, age 51

Yunker Yunker
Yasmir Yunker


Locations

New Windsor,
NY


Kansas City,
MO


Fishkill,
NY


Peekskill,
NY


Cornwall On Hudson,
NY



Relatives

Lauren

Yunker


Laura

Yunker


Craig

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
J
Yunker, age 65



Locations

Los Osos,
CA


San Luis Obispo,
CA


Kaneohe,
HI



Relatives

Kathleen

Yunker


Andrew

Yunker


Christoph

Yunker


Kelly

Yunker


Erin

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig

Yunker, age 70



Locations

Peekskill,
NY



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
J
Yunker, age 32



Locations

Pensacola,
FL


Hendersonville,
TN


Madison,
TN


Erin,
TN



Relatives

Rachel

Yunker


Jane

Yunker


Ronald

Yunker


Emily

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
S
Yunker, age 72



Locations

Tampa,
FL



Relatives

Laverne

Yunker


Diana

Yunker


Ronald

Yunker


Edwin

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig
E
Yunker, age 47



Locations

Hollister,
MO



Relatives

Steven

Yunker


Holly

Yunker


Anne

Yunker



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig

Yunker




Locations

East Greenwich,
RI



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Craig

Yunker




Locations

Ithaca,
NY



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS








Statistics for all
16
Craig Yunker results:



49 yrs
Average age
36% are in their 30s, while the average age is 49.


$71k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $71k.


100%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


75%
Married
75% of these people are married, and 25% are single.





Business Records related to Craig Yunker:




Craig Yunker


Title:
Board Member


Company:
New York State Telecommunications Association


CoWorkers:
Newyorkstatetelecommunicationsassociation




Craig Yunker


Title:
Managing Partner Batavia Turf A-Frame


Company:
Batavia Turf


CoWorkers:
Bataviaturf, Katie Houseknecht




Craig Yunker


Title:
Trustee


Company:
Cornell University


CoWorkers:
Naomi Lourie, Tatyana Fabrikant, (crystal) Shuo Shan, Miatta Lebile, Rachel Dorfman Tandlich






Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.


























Craig  Yunker's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
Y
Yunker

Craig  Yunker




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 376970614Craig  Yunker6460 Transit RdElba, NY 14058Age 67 (Born SEP 1950)(585) 548-2552Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970615Craig  Yunker3717 Maltby RdOakfield, NY 14125Age 67 (Born SEP 1950)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970616Craig  Yunker5337 Piney Branch CirNorfolk, VA 23502Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970617Craig  Yunker6460 TransitByron, NY 14422Age 67 (Born SEP 1950)(716) 548-7701Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970618Craig R Yunker1533 Jenks StPort Huron, MI 48060Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970619Craig Steven Yunker20607 S Acorn Ridge DrFrankfort, IL 60423Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(815) 469-2978Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970620Craig Steven Yunker80 Warren DrMokena, IL 60448Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(708) 479-2365Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970621Craig Steven Yunker888 Evergreen St #7Hollister, MO 65672Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970622Craig Steven Yunker12347 Warren DrMokena, IL 60448Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(708) 478-8053Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970623Craig Steven Yunker19749 Mokena StMokena, IL 60448Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(815) 478-8053Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970624Craig Steven Yunker121 White River Mountain Blvd #102Hollister, MO 65672Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970625Craig Steven Yunker400 Judy StBranson, MO 65616Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970626Craig Steven Yunker1640 Maple Ave #201Evanston, IL 60201Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(708) 478-8053Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970627Craig Steven Yunker201 E John St #27bChampaign, IL 61820Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)(217) 332-2572Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970628Craig Steven Yunker431 1st StHollister, MO 65672Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970629Craig Steven Yunker145 Edwards RdHollister, MO 65672Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970630Craig Steven Yunker409 E Chalmers StChampaign, IL 61820Age 48 (Born SEP 1969)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970631Craig Andrew Yunker27 LafayetteCornwall, NY 12518Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970632Craig Andrew Yunker453Cornwall On Hudson, NY 12520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970633Craig Andrew Yunker27 Lafayette StCornwall On Hudson, NY 12520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970634Craig Andrew Yunker245 Main StCornwall, NY 12518Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970635Craig Andrew Yunker3101 Heritage Ct #134Manhattan, KS 66503Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 827-0525Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970636Craig Andrew Yunker9 Dove Ct #oCroton On Hudson, NY 10520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 827-0525Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970637Craig Andrew Yunker13 Galloway AveNewburgh, NY 12550Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970638Craig Andrew Yunker19 Po Box 453Cornwall On Hudson, NY 12520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 534-8928Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970639Craig Andrew Yunker23 W Redoubt RdFishkill, NY 12524Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970640Craig Andrew Yunker913 Dehoff DrManhattan, KS 66502Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 827-0525Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970641Craig Andrew Yunker822 N Juliette Ave #2Manhattan, KS 66502Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 827-0525Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970642Craig Andrew Yunker1039 Washington GrnNew Windsor, NY 12553Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(914) 565-9593Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970643Craig Andrew Yunker3 Church StRumson, NJ 07760Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970644Craig Andrew Yunker91 Bleloch AvePeekskill, NY 10566Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970645Craig Andrew Yunker2702 Colonial DrNew Windsor, NY 12553Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(845) 938-6264Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970646Craig Andrew Yunker19 2nd StCornwall On Hudson, NY 12520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)(845) 534-8928Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970647Craig Andrew Yunker33 128 S SCornwall On Hudson, NY 12520Age 52 (Born SEP 1965)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970648Craig J Yunker631 Los Osos Valley Rd #625Los Osos, CA 93402Age 66 (Born SEP 1951)(805) 534-9516Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970649Craig J Yunker365 Emerald AcresErin, TN 37061Age 32 (Born FEB 1985)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 376970650Craig J Yunker45-625 Halekou Pl #625Kaneohe, HI 96744Age 66 (Born SEP 1951)(808) 235-3264Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






	
	Department of Physical Education - Yunker






























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


	Turn on more accessible mode



	Turn off more accessible mode



	Skip Ribbon Commands



	Skip to main content




To navigate through the Ribbon, use standard browser navigation keys. To skip between groups, use Ctrl+LEFT or Ctrl+RIGHT. To jump to the first Ribbon tab use Ctrl+[. To jump to the last selected command use Ctrl+]. To activate a command, use Enter.



Site Actions


This page location is:


Department of Physical EducationYunker




BrowseTab 1 of 3.PageTab 2 of 3.PublishTab 3 of 3.



Sign In
























West Point Facebook
West Point Twitter
West Point YouTube Channel
West Point Flickr



























 



























Admissions




West Point Admissions
United States Military Academy Preparatory School


 



Academics




Dean of Academics
Academic Departments
Curriculum
Student Excellence
Centers & Research
Academic Operations
Strategic Documents
USMA Library
Order a Transcript


 



Military




Commandant of Cadets
Brigade Tactical Department
Department of Military Instruction
Department of Physical Education
Simon Center for the Professional Military Ethic
The Center for the Army Profession and Ethic


 



Athletics




NCAA
Competitive Club Sports
Company Athletics


 







Superintendent


 






Command Sergeant Major


 


Community




Visiting West Point
West Point Garrison
Keller Army Community Hospital
West Point Band
AAFES
Commissary
Employment & Personnel Advisory


 



News

About Us




Superintendent
Command Sergeant Major
West Point Staff
Chaplain
Corps of Cadets
Directorate of Cadet Activities
Alumni
History
Parents
Trademark
West Point Cemetery
USMA Student Consumer Information


 
























Recently Modified


Cadet Candidates


Cadet Physical Tests


Swimming


Cadet Start Now


Application Process











Home
About
Cadet Candidates

Start Now
Physical Requirements
Physical Tests
Additional Preparation
Individualized Program
Cadet Candidate FAQs

Curriculum

Military Movement
Swimming
Boxing
Combatives
Fitness
Lifetime Physical Activity Courses
Kinesiology

Faculty

Current Faculty
Recent Faculty

Job Opportunities

Teaching in DPE
Application Process
Graduate School
FAQ

Facility
Sports Med
Publications
Department Awards














Department of Physical Education

 



		Yunker
	














 
Dr. Craig Yunker

Assistant Professor/Competitive Sports Company AthleticsContact:Phone: 845-938-6264Email: Craig.yunker@usma.edu 
Biography
Education
Publications
Current Research
Head Athletic Trainer United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. October 1992 to present. Responsible for all aspects of the operation and management of the Athletic Training room, to include the direct supervision and evaluation of three Certified Athletic Trainers. Oversee and provide prevention, care and reconditioning to the Corps of Cadets for injuries, which occur in physical education courses, intramural activities and club sports.College Instructor United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. October 1992 to present. Responsible for the coordination and instruction of college level physical education courses for the Corps of Cadets. Course director for Snowboarding. Primary instructor for Snowboarding, Fitness Leader II, SCUBA, and Downhill Skiing, Strength Development, Personal Fitness, Grappling and Tennis. Summer Program Director for the Physical Individual Advanced Development courses in SCUBA and Rock Climbing.Adjunct Professor United States Military Academy – Baylor University Post-professional PT- Sports Medicine Doctoral Residency Program, West Point, New York. August 1994 to present. Responsible for teaching the Physical Therapist in the program various aspects of providing quality sports medicine care. Such topics include emergency management techniques, on the field evaluation techniques, wrapping and taping techniques. Evaluation of closed head injuries and other topics related to sports medicine. 
Ph.D. Education Administration and Policy Studies, University at Albany, SUNY, (student)
M.S. Exercise Science, State University of New York at Buffalo, 1994
B.S. Health Science, Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania, 1988

There are no recent publications by this faculty member available at this time
This faculty member is not currently engaged in any research at this time. 




false,false,1









 















External Links Disclaimer - The appearance of hyperlinks to external sites does not constitute endorsement by West Point or the U.S. Army of the linked web site or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, West Point and the U.S. Army do not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this Department of Army web site.
Only questions or comments regarding the technical aspects of the Web site should be sent to the web master. If you are reporting a broken link, please help us by identifying the page or Web site where you found the link or web address.
Please click here to send an email to the West Point web team.













































	
	Department of Physical Education - Yunker






























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


	Turn on more accessible mode



	Turn off more accessible mode



	Skip Ribbon Commands



	Skip to main content




To navigate through the Ribbon, use standard browser navigation keys. To skip between groups, use Ctrl+LEFT or Ctrl+RIGHT. To jump to the first Ribbon tab use Ctrl+[. To jump to the last selected command use Ctrl+]. To activate a command, use Enter.



Site Actions


This page location is:


Department of Physical EducationYunker




BrowseTab 1 of 3.PageTab 2 of 3.PublishTab 3 of 3.



Sign In
























West Point Facebook
West Point Twitter
West Point YouTube Channel
West Point Flickr



























 



























Admissions




West Point Admissions
United States Military Academy Preparatory School


 



Academics




Dean of Academics
Academic Departments
Curriculum
Student Excellence
Centers & Research
Academic Operations
Strategic Documents
USMA Library
Order a Transcript


 



Military




Commandant of Cadets
Brigade Tactical Department
Department of Military Instruction
Department of Physical Education
Simon Center for the Professional Military Ethic
The Center for the Army Profession and Ethic


 



Athletics




NCAA
Competitive Club Sports
Company Athletics


 







Superintendent


 






Command Sergeant Major


 


Community




Visiting West Point
West Point Garrison
Keller Army Community Hospital
West Point Band
AAFES
Commissary
Employment & Personnel Advisory


 



News

About Us




Superintendent
Command Sergeant Major
West Point Staff
Chaplain
Corps of Cadets
Directorate of Cadet Activities
Alumni
History
Parents
Trademark
West Point Cemetery
USMA Student Consumer Information


 
























Recently Modified


Cadet Candidates


Cadet Physical Tests


Swimming


Cadet Start Now


Application Process











Home
About
Cadet Candidates

Start Now
Physical Requirements
Physical Tests
Additional Preparation
Individualized Program
Cadet Candidate FAQs

Curriculum

Military Movement
Swimming
Boxing
Combatives
Fitness
Lifetime Physical Activity Courses
Kinesiology

Faculty

Current Faculty
Recent Faculty

Job Opportunities

Teaching in DPE
Application Process
Graduate School
FAQ

Facility
Sports Med
Publications
Department Awards














Department of Physical Education

 



		Yunker
	














 
Dr. Craig Yunker

Assistant Professor/Competitive Sports Company AthleticsContact:Phone: 845-938-6264Email: Craig.yunker@usma.edu 
Biography
Education
Publications
Current Research
Head Athletic Trainer United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. October 1992 to present. Responsible for all aspects of the operation and management of the Athletic Training room, to include the direct supervision and evaluation of three Certified Athletic Trainers. Oversee and provide prevention, care and reconditioning to the Corps of Cadets for injuries, which occur in physical education courses, intramural activities and club sports.College Instructor United States Military Academy, Department of Physical Education, West Point, New York. October 1992 to present. Responsible for the coordination and instruction of college level physical education courses for the Corps of Cadets. Course director for Snowboarding. Primary instructor for Snowboarding, Fitness Leader II, SCUBA, and Downhill Skiing, Strength Development, Personal Fitness, Grappling and Tennis. Summer Program Director for the Physical Individual Advanced Development courses in SCUBA and Rock Climbing.Adjunct Professor United States Military Academy – Baylor University Post-professional PT- Sports Medicine Doctoral Residency Program, West Point, New York. August 1994 to present. Responsible for teaching the Physical Therapist in the program various aspects of providing quality sports medicine care. Such topics include emergency management techniques, on the field evaluation techniques, wrapping and taping techniques. Evaluation of closed head injuries and other topics related to sports medicine. 
Ph.D. Education Administration and Policy Studies, University at Albany, SUNY, (student)
M.S. Exercise Science, State University of New York at Buffalo, 1994
B.S. Health Science, Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania, 1988

There are no recent publications by this faculty member available at this time
This faculty member is not currently engaged in any research at this time. 




false,false,1









 















External Links Disclaimer - The appearance of hyperlinks to external sites does not constitute endorsement by West Point or the U.S. Army of the linked web site or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, West Point and the U.S. Army do not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this Department of Army web site.
Only questions or comments regarding the technical aspects of the Web site should be sent to the web master. If you are reporting a broken link, please help us by identifying the page or Web site where you found the link or web address.
Please click here to send an email to the West Point web team.














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Younkers | Department Store in Michigan, Iowa & More



































































































































FREE standard shipping with a $49 purchase*Promo code: FREESHIP49 *Details.


















Sign in
Sign out








		SHOPPING BAG
		














The Gift Store














Find a Store
Gift Registry
1-800-945-4438
Customer Service











Sign in

My Account




									SIGN IN / REGISTER
								





Order Status
Returns

Your Rewards Account
Gift Card Balance










Hi

My Account




								Account Settings
							




Order Status
Returns

Your Rewards Account
Gift Card Balance





							   Not ?
							   Sign Out



									SIGN OUT
								











		SHOPPING BAG
		





















		SHOPPING BAG
		











FREE standard shipping with a $49 purchase*Promo code: FREESHIP49 *Details.










































						Brands
					



						Women
					



						Shoes
					



						Handbags & Accessories
					



						Jewelry & Watches
					



						Beauty & Fragrance
					



						Juniors
					



						Men
					



						Baby & Kids
					



						Bed & Bath
					



						Home
					



						Furniture
					



						Gifts
					



						Clearance
					















FEATURED DESIGNERS:










FEATURED BRANDS:





 




FEATURED BRANDS:












FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:






 




FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:











FEATURED BRANDS:



 





FEATURED BRANDS:



 











































 








Added to Bag


Continue Shopping


View Bag / Checkout
























































*Details



*Details





















*Details + in-store coupon.














































*Details.















Shop Now
Women
Plus Size
Juniors
Baby & Kids
Handbags
Accessories
Jewelry
Men
Dresses
Shoes
Home
Bed & Bath

















































*Details









































Shop Women’s
Shop Plus Size
Shop Men’s
Shop Kids’



*Details.












































































































































































































































SHOP BY CATEGORY


Women

Shoes

Handbags & Accessories

Jewelry & Watches

Beauty & Fragrance

Juniors

Men

Baby & Kids

Furniture

Bed & Bath

Home

Swim

Active

Wedding

Sports Fan Shop

Gift Cards

Style2Go

Close to Home





















































#BonTonStyle


    Get inspired + shop post-worthy faves. Explore our gallery































	Top



















				ASSISTANCE
			


1-800-945-4438
Contact Us
Check Order Status
Check Gift Card Balance
Get a Gift Box





				CREDIT ACCOUNT
			


Access Your Account
Pay Your Bill
Your Rewards – Learn More





				STORES
			


Gift Cards
Today's Ad
This Week In Stores
Find A Store
Events
Close to Home





				COMPANY
			


Community
Find A Store
About Us
Careers
Vendor Logistics






















STAY CONNECTED





















































© 2017 Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Socially Responsible Product - CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act.


















