

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	MANAGEMENT PEARLS Trademark of Zane, Ellen M.. Serial Number: 85293161 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
MANAGEMENT PEARLS










 
Get FREE email alerts













MANAGEMENT PEARLS  Trademark Information
 Zane, Ellen M.
Business and management consulting for healthcare providers and related businesses; Business management consultancy and advisory services; Business management consultancy as well as development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of strategy plans and management projects; Business management consultancy in the field of insourcing, namely, assisting businesses in the development of processes for the analysis and the implementat...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
business   management   consulting   healthcare   providers   related   businesses   business   management   consultancy   advisory   services   business   management   consultancy   development   processes   analysis   implementation   strategy   plans   management   projects   business   management   consultancy    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark by Zane, Ellen M. 
                                in Hingham, MA, 02043.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Zane, Ellen M. of the MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, April 12, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MANAGEMENT PEARLS by 
                        Zane, Ellen M., Hingham, MA  02043.
                        The USPTO has given the MANAGEMENT PEARLS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85293161.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for MANAGEMENT PEARLS is 
                        
                        
                                            JEFFREY WEINSTEIN of 
                                            22 NATHAN LORD RD,  AMHERST, NH 03031-3004,  
                                .
                            The MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MANAGEMENT PEARLS 
                            is Business and management consulting for healthcare providers and related businesses; Business management consultancy and advisory services; Business management consultancy as well as development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of strategy plans and management projects; Business management consultancy in the field of insourcing, namely, assisting businesses in the development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of the delegation of operations or jobs from production within a business to an internal entity that specializes in that operation; Business management consultancy services; Business management consultation in the field of executive and leadership development; Business management consulting; Business management consulting and advisory services; Business management consulting with relation to strategy, marketing, production, personnel and retail sale matters; Business management consulting with relation to strategy, marketing, sales, operation, product design particularly specializing in the use of analytic and statistic models for the understanding and predicting of consumers, businesses, and market trends and actions; Business management consulting, strategic planning and business advisory services provided to the veterinary medical profession; Business organisation and management consulting services; Business organization and management consultancy including personnel management; Business organization and management consulting; Business risk management consultation; Business services, namely, structuring, optimizing and change management consulting related to corporate in-house intellectual property departments and intellectual property asset management programs; Management consulting and advisory services in the areas of corporate growth strategy, innovation and growth processes, organizational transformation, and talent management and development strategies. 
                            





Word mark:
 MANAGEMENT PEARLS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

7/24/2013






  Serial Number:  
85293161


  Filing Date:  
4/12/2011


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Business and management consulting for healthcare providers and related businesses; Business management consultancy and advisory services; Business management consultancy as well as development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of strategy plans and management projects; Business management consultancy in the field of insourcing, namely, assisting businesses in the development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of the delegation of operations or jobs from production within a business to an internal entity that specializes in that operation; Business management consultancy services; Business management consultation in the field of executive and leadership development; Business management consulting; Business management consulting and advisory services; Business management consulting with relation to strategy, marketing, production, personnel and retail sale matters; Business management consulting with relation to strategy, marketing, sales, operation, product design particularly specializing in the use of analytic and statistic models for the understanding and predicting of consumers, businesses, and market trends and actions; Business management consulting, strategic planning and business advisory services provided to the veterinary medical profession; Business organisation and management consulting services; Business organization and management consultancy including personnel management; Business organization and management consulting; Business risk management consultation; Business services, namely, structuring, optimizing and change management consulting related to corporate in-house intellectual property departments and intellectual property asset management programs; Management consulting and advisory services in the areas of corporate growth strategy, innovation and growth processes, organizational transformation, and talent management and development strategies


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Zane, Ellen M.Hingham, MA  02043
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


JEFFREY WEINSTEIN
22 NATHAN LORD RD
AMHERST, NH 03031-3004







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/20/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/2000





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/24/2013
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JEFFREY WEINSTEIN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MANAGEMENT PEARLS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search managementpearls on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MANAGEMENT PEARLS 




MANAGEMENT PEARLS is providing Business and management consulting for healthcare providers and related businesses; Business management consultancy and advisory services; Business management consultancy as well as development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of strategy plans and management projects; Business management consultancy in the field of insourcing, namely, assisting businesses in the development of processes for the analysis and the implementation of the delegation of operations or jobs from p....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Ellen M. Zane Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Ellen M. Zane Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors

Jul 27, 2012, 11:12 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Haemonetics Corporation 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Haemonetics Corporation logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Haemonetics Corporation)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Haemonetics Corporation logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Haemonetics Corporation)
 


 

 




 





 


BRAINTREE, Mass., July 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Haemonetics Corporation (NYSE:  HAE) announced that Ellen M. Zane was elected to join the Board of Directors at the Company's Annual Meeting of Shareholders today. 
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120206/NE47232LOGO)
Ms. Zane was formerly President & CEO of Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children in Boston from 2004 until her retirement in 2011 and currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees.  In addition to her role as Vice Chairman and previous roles as President and CEO, Ms. Zane has been an Assistant Professor in the Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Care Research, since 2004 and is an Assistant Professor of Public Health and Community Medicine at The Tufts University School of Medicine. Additionally, she is an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Management at The Harvard School of Public Health.
Prior to joining Tufts Medical Center, Ms. Zane, who has over 30 years of healthcare industry experience, was Network President of Partners Healthcare System from 1994 to 2004.  She was Chief Executive Officer and previously Chief Operating Officer of Quincy Hospital from 1987 to 1994 and held a number of senior professional services leadership positions with Morton Hospital & Medical Center from 1979 to 1987 and Lawrence General Hospital from 1975 to 1979.  
Ms. Zane currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Brooks Automation, Lincare Holdings Inc., Parexel International Corporation, Century Capital Management, George Washington University, and the Health Policy and Management Council of the Harvard School of Public Health.  She has an MA degree from Catholic University of America, a BA degree from George Washington University and honorary doctorate degrees from Bentley University, Stonehill College and Curry College.  
Richard J. Meelia, Chairman of Haemonetics' Board of Directors commented, "Ellen brings extensive functional and leadership experience gained in the delivery of healthcare to our Board of Directors.  Her contributions will be helpful in guiding the Company as it seeks to leverage its blood management solutions and continue its recent growth." 
"Blood management is a key focal point of hospital administrators and surgical teams as they seek to provide the best possible clinical care for patients while managing their cost structures.  Haemonetics is very well positioned with solutions that are central to those efforts," said Ms. Zane. "I look forward to joining the Board of Directors and serving the Company's shareholders." 
Haemonetics (NYSE:   HAE) is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing innovative blood management solutions for our customers.  Together, our devices and consumables, IT products, and consulting services deliver a suite of business solutions to help our customers improve clinical outcomes and reduce the cost of healthcare for blood collectors, hospitals, and patients around the world.  Our technologies address important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite, and hospital transfusion services.  To learn more about Haemonetics, visit our web site at http://www.haemonetics.com. 
CONTACT: 
Gerry Gould, VP-Investor Relations
Tel. (781) 356-9402
Alt. (781) 356-9613
gerry.gould@haemonetics.com
 SOURCE  Haemonetics Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.haemonetics.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Aug 01, 2012, 18:00 ET
Preview: Haemonetics Completes Acquisition of Pall's Transfusion Medicine Business




















Jul 03, 2012, 16:00 ET
Preview: Haemonetics Sets Date for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release: August 2, 2012








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jun 22, 2017, 16:58 ET
Haemonetics Announces FDA Clearance of New Plasmapheresis System...














Jun 22, 2017, 16:58 ET
Haemonetics Sets Date for Publishing 1st Quarter Fiscal 2018...














Jun 22, 2017, 16:58 ET
Haemonetics Announces Formation of Scientific Advisory Council











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




	Ellen M. Zane, MA | Tufts University School of Medicine

















Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Return to homepage


About US

Mission and ValuesDean's MessageAdministrative OfficesMaps and DirectionsBuildings and FacilitiesOur NeighborhoodPolicies and ReportsAccreditation 2014Available Faculty PositionsContact InformationCommunication and MediaAlumni RelationsGivingTufts Cancer Symposium


Education

MD ProgramsPhysician Assistant ProgramMaster of Science in Biomedical Sciences (MBS)Global Health ProgramsPipeline ProgramsOffice of Continuing EducationOffice of Educational AffairsAcademic DepartmentsAcademic CalendarsClinical AffiliatesClinical Skills & Simulation CenterTufts Anatomical Gift Program


Admissions

MD ProgramMD Combined ProgramsMaine Track ProgramSpecial Admissions OptionsFAQsInterviewed ApplicantsAdmitted ApplicantsIncoming StudentsInternational ApplicantsDACA ApplicantsFinancing Your EducationOffice of Multicultural AffairsVisiting CampusContact Admissions


Faculty & Research

Endowed & Term ProfessorshipsResearch CentersCore Research FacilitiesBasic Science DepartmentsArnold 8 Biosafety LaboratoryFaculty ResearchStudent ResearchResearcher ProfilesOffice of Faculty AffairsOffice of Conflicts of Interest Administration


Global & Local Engagement

Sharewood ProjectGlobal Health Programs at TUSMCommunity Service LearningIDEAS in MedicineKICKS!Chinatown CommunityPipeline ProgramsAlliance for the Prudent Use of Antibiotics


Student Services & Campus Life

RegistrarOffice of Student AffairsFinancing Your EducationOffice of Multicultural AffairsStudent Advisory & Health AdministrationStudent Organizations & ActivitiesBursarFitness FacilitiesCampus CafeteriasHousing ResourcesLearning CommunitiesCampus PoliceAlerts & Advisories





GiveNews

TUSM NewsNews ReleasesMedia Inquiries

Tufts NowPHPD NewsSackler News

TUSM Websites

Public Health & Professional Degree Programs

Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences

Students

Academic CalendarsSISTUSKHirsh Health Sciences Library

Financial AidStudent Advisory & Health AdministrationWebmail

Faculty & Staff

Tufts DirectoryWebmailFaculty HandbookRoom Scheduling

Conflict of InterestFaculty AffairsHuman Resources

Alumni



	    Facebook


	    Twitter





		Search
	SearchSearch










Ellen M. Zane, MA



Positions: 
CEO Emeritus & Vice Chair, Board of Trustees, Tufts Medical Center
Assistant Professor in the Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Care Research, TUSM
Assistant Professor of Public Health and Community Medicine 
Contact:
Tufts Medical Center 
800 Washington Street, #451 
Boston, MA 02111
Phone: 617.636.9589
Fax: 617.636.7623
Email: ezane@tuftsmedicalcenter.org 
Education:
BA - George Washington University
MA - Catholic University of America 
She holds the following honorary degrees:  Doctorate of Commercial Science from Bentley University, Doctorate of Business Administration from Stonehill College; and Doctorate of Humane Letters from Curry College.
Biographical Sketch:
Ellen Zane is a nationally renowned health care leader who retired as President & Chief Executive Officer of Tufts Medical Center and the Floating Hospital for Children in late 2011. She was the first woman to run the hospital in its 221-year history.  The hospital employs more 5,000 doctors, nurses, researchers, and other healthcare workers, includes Floating Hospital for Children, and has 450 beds. Ellen remains involved at Tufts Medical Center as a vice chair of the Board of Trustees. Ellen holds two faculty appointments at Tufts University School of Medicine including: Assistant Professor in the Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Care Research and Assistant Professor of Public Health & Community Medicine.  Additionally, Ellen holds a faculty appointment as Adjunct Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Management at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.  For the period of 2011 to 2013, Ellen was a Distinguished Guest Lecturer in Healthcare Administration at the Sawyer Business School at Suffolk University.
 
From 1994 to 2004, Ellen held the position of Network President for Partners HealthCare System, Inc.  In this capacity, she was responsible for the development of a provider network featuring the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham & Women's Hospital.  The network encompassed 5600 physicians and represented $800+ million of managed care revenue. Today, this entity represents one of the largest physician networks in America.
 
Prior to that, Ellen was the Chief Executive Officer at Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts.  In this capacity, Ellen was an employee of HCA and then Quorum Health Resources.  
 
Ellen holds an Advanced Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the George Washington University in Washington, D.C. and has a Master of Arts degree from the Catholic University of America in Washington.  She holds the following honorary degrees:  Doctorate of Commercial Science from Bentley University, Doctorate of Business Administration from Stonehill College; and Doctorate of Humane Letters from Curry College.
 
Ellen is currently a Director of Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE: BSX); Brooks Automation (NASDAQ-BRKS); and Parexel International (NASDAQ-PRXL).  She is a Director of AgNovos Healthcare, LLC in New York, NY; a Director of the National Association of Corporate Directors New England Chapter and Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees at George Washington University, Washington, DC.  Ellen is also the current Chair of the Board of Wellforce (Parent Board of Tufts Medical Center) and Chair of the Board of Minuteman Health (a health plan focused on individual and small group health insurance in Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
 
Ellen is a former Director of Haemonetics Corporation (NYSE: HAE); a former Director of Lincare Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ-LNCR); former Director of Press Ganey (NYSE-PGND); a former Director of Variagenics, Inc. (NASDAQ-VGNX), a Cambridge, Massachusetts biotech public company focused on pharmacogenomics; a former member of the Board of Overseers at the Tufts University School of Medicine; a former Chair of the Board of the Massachusetts Hospital Association; a former Trustee of Northeastern University; and also a former Director of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation.   From 1996 to 2001, Ellen was a member of the Board of Governors at the Warren Grant Magnuson Clinical Center (national hospital) at the National Institutes of Health in Washington, DC.
Awards & Distinguished Honors:




April, 2015, Leadership in Corporate Governance Award, NACD, New England Chapter;
May, 2014, New England Women’s Leadership Award, Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester;
April, 2013, Charles E. Rogerson Award for Community Service, Rogerson Communities;
May, 2012, Leadership Award from WEST, Advancing Women in the Business of Science & Technology;
February, 2012, Lifetime Achievement Award from Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children;
October, 2011, Heroes in Health Care Award from the Visiting Nurse Association of Boston & Affiliates;
August, 2011, Boston Business Journal Champions in Health Care Lifetime Achievement Award;
June, 2011, Lifetime Achievement Award from the American College of Healthcare Executives of Massachusetts;  
November, 2010, Leading Women Awards from the Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts;  
October, 2010, Distinguished Alumni Award from her alma mater, George Washington University; 
November, 2008, kenya.beaman@tufts.edu <kenya.beaman@tufts.edu>Franklin Delano Roosevelt Humanitarian Award from the March of Dimes; 
June, 2008, Massachusetts Women’s Political Caucus’ Abigail Adams Award;  
November, 2007, Arthritis Foundation - Dr. John I. Sandson Lifetime Achievement Award;
June, 2007, Boy Scouts of America’s T.L. Storer Memorial Award;  
June, 2006, American Liver Foundation’s honoree of their Progress & Promise Award; 
May, 2005, honored by the Brandeis University National Women’s Committee for her professional accomplishments in promoting excellence in healthcare;
May, 2003, Boston Magazine highlighted as one of Boston’s Top 100 Most Powerful Women;   
May, 2003, inducted into Northeastern University’s College of Business Administration – Academy of Distinction for Achievement in Intrapreneurship;  
February, 2000, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Pinnacle Award for her achievements in management;  
June, 1997, American College of Healthcare Executives Regional Healthcare Executive of the Year;
June, 1995, Distinguished Healthcare Executive Award from the Healthcare Management Association of Massachusetts. 



 





Public Health and Community Medicine Home
FacultyStaffNutrition and Infection UnitResearch ThemesDepartment Grant AdministrationPublic Health Graduate ProgramsServicesNewsEventsContact UsDirections












Tufts University
Tufts University School of Medicine and the Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences at Tufts University are international leaders in innovative medical education and advanced research. The School of Medicine and the Sackler School are renowned for excellence in education in general medicine, biomedical sciences, special combined degree programs in business, health management, public health, bioengineering and international relations, as well as basic and clinical research at the cellular and molecular level.
Ranked among the top in the nation, the School of Medicine is affiliated with Tufts Medical Center, Maine Medical Center, Baystate Medical Center, Newton-Wellesley Hospital, Lahey Hospital and Medical Center, St. Elizabeth's Medical Center, and many other elite teaching hospitals and health care facilities. Tufts University School of Medicine and the Sackler School undertake research that is consistently rated among the highest in the nation for its effect on the advancement of medical science.

Privacy
© Copyright 2016 Tufts University








Academic Resources

Hirsh Health Sciences Library
TUSK
Webmail
 Academic Calendars
 
Student Computer Support

 


Calendars

Sackler Calendar 
TUSM Calendar 
PHPD Calendar 

Tufts Calendar 



Admissions

MD Admissions
Public Health and Professional Degree Programs Admissions
Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences Admissions
Financial Aid
International Applicants

 




Newsletters & Publications

Deans Newsletter
Public Health Rounds
Educational Affairs Newsletter
Tufts Now
Alumni



Getting Around

Directions
Parking
Campus Map
Buildings & Facilities
 
Public Safety



Keep In Touch

TUSM on Facebook
PHPD on Facebook
Sackler on Facebook 



	    Facebook


	    Twitter



















National Health Policy Forum | Ellen M. Zane






































About the Forum

Products
 Meetings Publications Site Visits


Resources

Health Policy Essentials
HIRP

Sponsors

Contact






Home > Resources > Ellen M. Zane





Aging & Disability


Medicaid & CHIP


Medicare


Private Markets


Public Health


Quality


Safety Net


Workforce






Resources

				Ellen M. Zane
			


President and Chief Executive Officer
Tufts Medical Center
800 Washington Street
Boston, MA 02111
Phone: 617/636-5000
Assistant: dwilliams@tuftsmedicalcenter.org

Ellen M. Zane is the president and chief executive officer of Tufts Medical Center and the Floating Hospital for Children. She is the first woman to run the hospital in its 214-year history. The 450-bed hospital employs over 5,000 doctors, nurses, researchers, and other health care workers, and includes Floating Hospital for Children. Ms. Zane is also assistant professor in the Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Care Research at Tufts University School of Medicine.

From 1994 to 2004, Ms. Zane held the position of network president for Partners HealthCare System, Inc. In this capacity, she was responsible for the development of a provider network featuring the Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham & Women's Hospital. The network encompassed 5,600 physicians and represented $800+ million of managed care revenue. Today, this entity represents one of the largest physician networks in America. Prior to that, Ms. Zane was the chief executive officer at Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. 

Ms. Zane is currently a director of Parexel International (NASDAQ-PRXL), a director of Lincare Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ-LNCR), a director of Fiduciary Trust Company, and a director of Century Capital Management. She is a trustee of George Washington University and is a member of the Health Policy and Management Executive Council at the Harvard School of Public Health. Ms. Zane also is on the Board of Overseers at the Tufts University School of Medicine and chair of the Board of the Massachusetts Hospital Association.

Ms. Zane received her bachelor of arts degree from the George Washington University in 1973 and her master of arts degree in 1975 from the Catholic University of America.



↑ back to top



Browse Topics 







NATIONAL HEALTH POLICY FORUM




Home
About the Forum
Products
Resources
Sponsors
Contact Us


























Ellen M. Zane | Executive and Continuing Professional Education | Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health








































 























Menu
Close Menu

Skip to content



Information For:









Search for:


 






Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health












Executive and Continuing Professional Education > Faculty > Ellen M. Zane








Upcoming Programs featuring Ellen M. Zane


Leadership Strategies for Evolving Health Care Executives

October 22 – 27, 2017
April 22 – 27, 2018


Women on Boards

March 15 – 16, 2018

 




Ellen M. Zane, MA

Adjunct Assistant Professor of Health Policy and ManagementDepartment of Health Policy and ManagementHarvard T.H. Chan School of Public HealthCEO Emeritus and Vice Chair, Board of TrusteesTufts Medical Center 
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Ellen Zane is a nationally renowned health care leader who retired as President & Chief Executive Officer of Tufts Medical Center and the Floating Hospital for Children in late 2011. She was the first woman to run the hospital in its 221-year history. The hospital employs more 5,000 doctors, nurses, researchers, and other healthcare workers, includes Floating Hospital for Children, and has 450 beds. Ellen remains involved at Tufts Medical Center as a vice chair of the Board of Trustees. Ellen holds two faculty appointments at Tufts University School of Medicine including: Assistant Professor in the Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Care Research and Assistant Professor of Public Health & Community Medicine. Additionally, Ellen holds a faculty appointment as Adjunct Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Management at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. For the period of 2011 to 2013, Ellen was a Distinguished Guest Lecturer in Healthcare Administration at the Sawyer Business School at Suffolk University.
From 1994 to 2004, Ellen held the position of Network President for Partners HealthCare System, Inc. In this capacity, she was responsible for the development of a provider network featuring the Harvard affiliated Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham & Women's Hospital. The network encompassed 5600 physicians and represented $800+ million of managed care revenue. Today, this entity represents one of the largest physician networks in America.
Prior to that, Ellen was the Chief Executive Officer at Quincy Hospital in Quincy, Massachusetts. Ellen was an employee of HCA and then Quorum Health Resources in this capacity.Ellen received her Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors in 2013, her Bachelor of Arts degree from the George Washington University in Washington, D.C. in 1973 and her Master of Arts degree in 1975 from the Catholic University of America in Washington. She holds the following honorary degrees: Doctorate of Commercial Science from Bentley University, Doctorate of Business Administration from Stonehill College; and Doctorate of Humane Letters from Curry College.
Ellen is currently a Director of Boston Scientific (NYSE-BSX); Director of Brooks Automation (NASDAQ-BRKS); and a Director of Parexel International (NASDAQ-PRXL). She is the Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees at George Washington University, Washington DC and also the current Chair of the Board of Wellforce (Parent Board of Tufts Medical Center) and Chair of the Board of Minutemen Health.
Ellen is a former Director of Haemonetics Corporation (NYSE-HAE); a former Director of Lincare Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ-LNCR); a former Director of Variagenics, Inc. (NASDAQ-VGNX), a Cambridge, Massachusetts biotech public company focused on pharmacogenomics; a former Director of Press Ganey (NASDAQ-PGND); a former member of the Board of Overseers at the Tufts University School of Medicine; a former Chair of the Board of the Massachusetts Hospital Association; a former Trustee of Northeastern University; and also a former Director of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. From 1996 to 2001, Ellen was a member of the Board of Governors at the Warren Grant Magnuson Clinical Center (national hospital) at the National Institutes of Health in Washington, DC.
Awards & Distinguished Honors:

April, 2015, Leadership in Corporate Governance Award, NACD, New England Chapter;
May, 2012, New England Women's Leadership Award, Boys & Girls Clubs of Dorchester;
April, 2013, Charles E. Rogerson Award for Community Service, Rogerson Communities;
May, 2012, Leadership Award from WEST, Advancing Women in the Business of Science & Technology;
February, 2012, Lifetime Achievement Award from Tufts Medical Center & Floating Hospital for Children;
October, 2011, Heroes in Health Care Award from the Visiting Nurse Association of Boston & Affiliates;
August, 2011, Boston Business Journal Champions in Health Care Lifetime Achievement Award;
June, 2011, Lifetime Achievement Award from the American College of Healthcare Executives of Massachusetts;
November, 2010, Leading Women Awards from the Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts;
October, 2010, Distinguished Alumni Award from her alma mater, George Washington University;
November, 2008, Franklin Delano Roosevelt Humanitarian Award from the March of Dimes;
June, 2008, Massachusetts Women’s Political Caucus’ Abigail Adams Award;
November, 2007, Arthritis Foundation – Dr. John I. Sandson Lifetime Achievement Award;
June, 2007, Boy Scouts of America’s T.L. Storer Memorial Award;
June, 2006, American Liver Foundation’s honoree of their Progress & Promise Award;
May, 2005, honored by the Brandeis University National Women’s Committee for her professional accomplishments in promoting excellence in healthcare;
May, 2003, Boston Magazine highlighted as one of Boston’s Top 100 Most Powerful Women;
May, 2003, inducted into Northeastern University’s College of Business Administration – Academy of Distinction for Achievement in Intrapreneurship;
February, 2000, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Pinnacle Award for her achievements in management;
June, 1997, American College of Healthcare Executives Regional Healthcare Executive of the Year;
June, 1995, Distinguished Healthcare Executive Award from the Healthcare Management Association of Massachusetts.

Share this:TweetEmailPrint






 
 



Harvard Chan Executive and Continuing Professional Education on Twitter
   How can women in #healthcare make a difference during this time of change? Join a health care board:… https://t.co/VSQ0k4na8b    Join #physician leaders from around the world for The International #Leadership Development Program for Physicians… https://t.co/2izz0rHAz6    Technical expertise is not enough to "win" in #healthcare project management – #leadership skills are key… https://t.co/OsLXQOGvXT    Companies' operations can have a major impact on #publichealth. Learn to manage these #risks at Harvard, March 5-8… https://t.co/51fmKEfivn    














 

Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























