




ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Antoian  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1205 Westlakes Dr, Suite 270  
    Berwyn, PA, 19312Phone: 6105724529 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-31


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity and Debt


3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-09-12


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity and Debt


3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Edward Antoian 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















        ZCA : Employer Identification Number Registry

































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  Z  ZCA









                    ZCA : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



260728226 - ZCARS OF NEBRASKABusiness Address: 8711 HAMILTON ST, OMAHA, NE, 68114-2257Mailing Address: Not on file260728226 - ZCARS OF NEBRASKABusiness Address: 8711 Hamilton St, Omaha, NE, 681142257Mailing Address: 8711 Hamilton St, Omaha, NE, 681142257274528517 - ZCA Partners I, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA471549052 - ZCA Partners II LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA472688162 - ZCA Holdings 2 LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312472275430 - ZCA Partners III LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312474315570 - ZCA Devon Park Drive LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312471105372 - ZCA Holdings 1 LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312474041127 - ZCA Holdings 3 LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312474840231 - ZCA Holdings 4, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312472688162 - ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312474041127 - ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, STE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312474840231 - ZCA Vroom.com Holdings, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312471549052 - ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312813393772 - ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LPBusiness Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DR, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1235 WESTLAKES DR, SUITE 402, BERWYN, PA, 19312815276706 - ZCA APEX Corporate Partners, LLCBusiness Address: 1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 270, BERWYN, PA, 19312Mailing Address: 1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 270, BERWYN, PA, 19312






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            

















ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001683497IRS Number: 813393772Company address: 1205 WESTLAKES DR, SUITE 270  BERWYN 19312Phone number: 6105724529



People related to ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAntoian  EdwardZeke Capital Advisors, LLC 1205 Westlakes Dr. Suite 270BerwynPAAntoian  EdwardZeke Capital Advisors, LLC 1235 Westlakes Dr. Suite 402BerwynPA




ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesZCA APEX Corporate Partners, LLC, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Holdings 1 LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP, ZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Partners III LP, ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP












 








ZCA Holdings 1 LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ZCA Holdings 1 LP
List of persons related to the company ZCA Holdings 1 LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ZCA Holdings 1 LP.

CIK Number: 0001648438IRS Number: 471105372Company address: 1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE STE 270 BERWYN 19312Phone number: 610-572-4529



People related to ZCA Holdings 1 LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAntoian  Edward1235 Westlakes Drive Ste 402BerwynPAAntoian  Edward1205 Westlakes Drive Ste 270BerwynPA




ZCA Holdings 1 LP on the Web
Related companiesZCA APEX Corporate Partners, LLC, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP, ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP, ZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Partners III LP, ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP












 








ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP  Funding details


ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001683497IRS Number: 813393772Address: 1205 WESTLAKES DR, SUITE 270  BERWYN 19312Phone number: 6105724529



ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-31Amended Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$250,00003C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2016-09-12New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$250,00003C 3C.7[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP
Key People in ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP:

Edward Antoian
Similar companiesZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Partners III LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 1 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP, ZCA Vroom.com Holdings, LP








Last visited companies: MetaModix, Inc., Metropolitan EIH13, LP, MobiWork, LLC, Morven Capital Partners, LP, NETFORENSICS INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP  Funding details


ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001709093IRS Number: 821574313Address: 1205 WESTLAKES DR. STE 270  BERWYN 19312Phone number: 6105724529



Latest news
ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP raised $17,000,000 from 43 investors on 2017-06-12.



ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-06-12New Form DIndefinite$17,000,000Indefinite$100,000433C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP raised $17,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP
Key People in ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP:

Edward Antoian
Similar companiesZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Partners III LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 1 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP








Last visited companies: WHARD Stewart Fund Ltd, WISErg Corp, WS RPP REIT LLC, Waters Senior Living Group, LLC, YOGA VIDA, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













 HFM Global | An information and networking resource

 






 






































































MENU



































SEARCH >









HFMWeek
HFM Compliance
HFM InvestHedge


EuroHedge
HFM Technology
CTA Intelligence


Absolute Return
AsiaHedge
Alt Credit Intelligence




Membership services




 
 



Recently Saved Articles

You haven't saved any articles yet!








x

Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you enjoy the best experience on our website. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE >
LEARN MORE >














Our world-class portfolio of membership services provides access, insight and deep knowledge to support hedge fund professionals in making better informed decisions.
	










START A FREE TRIAL >





FREE NEWSLETTER >








 





Actionable Intelligence

					We support a global community of hedge fund professionals by providing intelligence and insight across a
                    wide range of news, research, data, analysis, performance, events, contacts, networking opportunities and online resources
				

					These provide actionable intelligence which enable you to better raise capital, comply with regulations and benchmark against peers.
				













Tailored to Your Firm’s Needs

						Membership to HFM opens up a whole world of access, insights and content. You can choose a package to suit
                        your role and organization for a tailored and relevant solution, designed to ensure you get real value and tangible ROI.
					

						Benefit from enterprise membership which includes all of our products, a bespoke selection, or one of our suggested
                        product combinations.
					








                                        The industry’s single source of news for the global hedge fund community, we provide more fund analysis,
                                        industry research and investor news than any other forum.
                                    






                                        With technology at the forefront of your business, offering opportunity, risk and expense, we expose exposes the
                                        most essential developments and biggest stories in the hedge fund tech space.
                                    






                                        Knowing that good compliance can be a competitive advantage is a key part of running a modern hedge fund management business.
                                        HFM Compliance provides practical insight on the latest global regulatory, tax and compliance trends.
                                    








                                        Focused coverage of European single manager hedge fund performance, including fund profiles, research and rankings
                                        such as new fund, asset, admin and PB surveys, and league tables.
                                    






                                        Dedicated coverage of Asia-Pacific based hedge fund performance and hedge funds investing in the region. Featuring fund
                                        profiles, research and rankings and league tables, this is the leading title for the Asia-Pac market.
                                    






                                        Specific coverage of North American single manager hedge fund performance, including fund profiles, research and rankings
                                        such as new fund, asset, admin and PB surveys, Billion Dollar Club and league tables.
                                    








                                        Incorporating the best of HFM Investor Relations and InvestHedge and providing global coverage of the diverse range of hedge
                                        fund allocators. Featuring monthly investor mandates, research and rankings such as the FOHF Billion Dollar
                                        Club and sales and marketing advice for asset-raising.
                                    






                                        For futures specialists and commodity traders, CTA Intelligence provides daily insights and intelligence for CTA Managers
                                        into key strategic opportunities and issues globally.
                                    






                                        Specifically for managers pursuing credit and fixed income strategies, Alt Credit Intelligence is this growing sector’s
                                        best source of information covering new strategies, peer performance, compliance and investor flows.
                                    






START A FREE TRIAL







 





Membership Services

News and Analysis
Your choice of news, analysis, opinion and performance reporting relevant to your region, function or strategy, including fund profiles and launches, people moves and global rankings.




Events
Free access to our monthly breakfast briefings in North America, Asia and Europe, invites to our world-renowned summits, conferences and webinars and entry to our prestigious awards.




Data
Tracking over $2 trillion in AUM and over 17,000 funds, our database is a powerful tool used by the global hedge fund industry to benchmark performance, conduct due diligence and discover sales prospects.




Insights and Reports
Access to HFM’s monthly series of online research reports, HFM Insights, exploring different themes affecting hedge funds. Plus, receive copies of periodical special reports and the biannual Global Review.




Jobs Board
HFM advertises roles across the hedge fund industry, buy-side and sell-side, front and back office.. Search career opportunities and advertise your own job vacancies for free on our job board.




Directories
Make intelligent and informed buying decision with the HFM service directory, VendorCheck, an all-inclusive database of key industry expert contact details.








START A FREE TRIAL >

ABOUT MEMBERSHIP >




FREE NEWSLETTER >








Key Facts
The numbers that make-up the globe’s most respected and used hedge fund information brand.









787
Member organisations




106
Events a year




361
Articles a month












Events










Workshops UK  |  13 September 2017


HFM & Capital Support workshop – From Mifid II to GDPR: A guide to incoming regulations for the hedge fund CTO
A half-day educational workshop exploring the technology challenges facing hedge fund managers today and best practice tips on Mifid II and optimising tech infrastructure





Summits US  |  24 October 2017


HFM Chicago Operational Leaders Summit 2017
An exclusive networking event for senior hedge fund operations executives based in the Midwest.




 


Awards US  |  19 October 2017


HFM US Hedge Fund Performance Awards 2017
Join HFM for an evening of recognition and reward for those hedge funds that have outperformed their peers over the past 12 months.









Awards UK  |  12 September 2017


HFM European Hedge Fund Technology Awards 2017
An afternoon to acknowledge and celebrate IT and software providers serving the hedge fund sector that have demonstrated exceptional customer service and innovative product development over the past 12 months.







 



EVENTS   >










Testimonials












We have come to rely on HFM as the best source of intelligence on the hedge fund space. It carries news on the latest launches, while its events are the best industry gatherings for this sector’s key decision maker. Our membership to HFM continues to be invaluable.



Consultancy leader at a global prime brokerage business









While other publications tend to brush the surface of this industry, HFM’s strength is its ability to really cover a huge array of issues. The level of technical detail it provides serves a vital information need. We often pick up valuable insight in HFM before being told by our primes and external counsel.



General counsel at US-based $7bn manager









HFM has created a stream of information that genuinely informs us. Whether through its online coverage, or regular events, we have found that this platform is capable of providing real insight across a number of issues and for a number of different professionals and departments at my firm.



COO at UK-based $10bn + manager
















Become a Member





		Becoming an HFM member opens up a whole world of benefits for you, your
		organization and your bottom line. Start a no obligation free trial to experience our service for yourself.
	



START A FREE TRIAL





FREE NEWSLETTER












+Specialist Networks for the latest industry trends
+Direct access to Industry Intelligence
+Benchmarking Your Firm
+Global Networking Opportunities
+Unique and Actionable Data Resources
+Dedicated Analysts and Account Handlers

















































×



As part of a merger between Hedge Fund Intelligence and HFM Global, EuroHedge, AsiaHedge, Absolute Return, Absolute UCITS and InvestHedge will now be located on the HFM Global platform. You still have access to all of the content you are used to seeing from these titles, in a new, easy to navigate format. Go to the Products tab on the menu and locate the title you wish to view. 
If you are an existing subscriber you will have been sent new login credentials










Ayin Capital Management launches niche credit fund - Opalesque





































Sat, Jul 29, 2017
 A A
A




						Customize Page					




					Welcome Guest
				





Subscriber Login
RSS

 

Like us on




















Archives 
| 
Research 
| 
Funds 
| 
Events 





Search








Hot Topics » 
man group
Seed
Mark
PARDUS
more topics »








Connect with us



  About Us  History of OpalesqueKey TeamTestimonialsSubscribe/RenewSubmit News RSSOpalesque In The NewsMedia KitContact Us  Publications  Alternative Market BriefingRead Newsletters (Archive) Podcast CenterAboutSubscribe/RenewTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Opalesque ExclusivesThe Big PictureOpalesque Industry UpdatesOther Voices Newsletter HeadlinesSubscription RatesSubmit NewsWhy SubscribeSample Newsletters Free!Bonus MonthsMy SettingsFAQAlternative Market Briefing WeeklyAboutArchive Podcast CenterSubscribe  Free! Current Issue Free!Most ForwardedNew ManagersAboutNew Managers - Archive Subscribe/RenewSubscription RatesTrial Subscription Free!TestimonialsOpalesque RoundtablesAboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Roundtables  AboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Research  Technical ResearchAboutTRB Archive SubscribeTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Subscription RatesCurrent IssuePrivate Equity StrategiesAboutArchive Subscribe Free!Testimonials  Databases  Hedge Professionals DatabaseFamily Office DatabaseOpalesque TV  Students    Events  Event CalendarConference Firm Logon  Service  Subscribe/RenewReset PasswordMy AccountRemove EmailAddressHedge IndicesMedia KitFAQContact UsSubmit News Podcast Center RSS Feeds


















Alternative Market Briefing



 Ayin Capital Management launches niche credit fund








					Friday, September 30, 2016
				 











 

Tweet

 



 

								       Print
 
       
																
															Track Keywords

 








Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York for New Managers: New York-based Ayin Capital Management, a new hedge fund firm founded by Simon Berring, who was previously portfolio manager at the IMC Credit Fund, has launched a new fund focused on niche and esoteric structured credit investment opportunities. According to sources familiar with the fund, Ayin will start with $40 million of anchor capital from former IMC investors.

In May, Berring founded Ayin Capital Management, after reaching an agreement with IMC Asset Management to lift out the credit strategy’s team, intellectual property, analytical infrastructure, and track record. Berring is joined by partners Elena Liahovetsky, formerly Head of Research at the IMC Credit Fund, and Steven van der Voort, previously Head of US Securitized Product Trading.  

At IMC, Berring and his team had a track record of 13 percent annualized returns with volatility of 5 percent since 2009. At its peak, the IMC fund had approximately $225 million of assets under management. The fund ended 2015 up 4.4 percent.

Sources  familiar with the fund's strategy say it will take advantage of technical weaknesses in credit niches, where strong fundamentals and weak prices have created compelling investment opportunities. The strategy is driven by declining participation from major dealers and missteps/retrenchment among several of the larger hedge funds that w......................To view our full article Click here










Article link




































Today's Exclusives



																												Opalesque Roundtable:  More internalization: A new paradigm for large institutional asset owners [more]


																													Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: Max Townshend, investment director at Local Pensions Partnership (LPP) believes that the UK will start to see more internalization by asset owners, a trend which is already a growing in Canada an
														




																												Opalesque Exclusive: FTI Consulting launches specialist director support services in Cayman [more]


																													Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: FTI Consulting's restructuring group is expanding its services in the Cayman Islands following approval of a Companies Management Licence by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA).  FTI will be able to provide independent board directors that can manag
														




																												Oaktree's Howard Marks issues another cautionary tale [more]


																													Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Oaktree's co-chairman Howard Marks' latest memo is another cautionary one that advoca
														




																												The geekiest (and most important) number nobody is discussing [more]


																													Matthias Knab, Opalesque: Russ Koesterich, Head of Asset Allocation for BlackRock's Global Allocation Fund, writes on Harvest Exchange:


History since 
														




																												French financial authority fines Natixis €35 million over misuse of redemption fees [more]


																													Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: The AMF's Enforcement Committee has issued a warning to Natixis Asset Manag
														



Today's Other Voices



														Other Voices: ICO hell is here (for U.S. investors) [more]

															Chris Kitze
Technology Innovator and Investor

ICO's surpassed VC funding for blockchain companies in the first half of 2017. Tezos raised $232m in two weeks and Bancor pocketed $153m in just three hours. New coin listings on exchanges have generated eye-popping returns for early investor
														





More Exclusives


27. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Artificial Intelligence: The fight for talent [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The growth of artificial intelligence has pushed fund managers to utilize this technology  and explore new ways to use it to their advantage, said John Harrison, a partner and Group CFO/COO at Amplitude Capital, a sys								
															


27. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Beta-adjusted performance emerges as a new metric for fees [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Fees have been a hot topic in recent years, as hedge fund managers have struggled to put up consistently high returns in a low volatility environment. 								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: What to do with the growing power of investment consultants? [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: Educate consultants, especially on quant and systematic strategies, say industry insiders.
The growing power of investment consultants and their influence over allocations into the hedge fund sector means fund managers must work with these consultants to educate 								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Boothbay banks on nimble, niche emerging managers [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: One New York-based hedge fund is successfully riding the trend towards emerging manager managed accounts by focusing on those managers who take the road less tr								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Coleman Group to take over management of K1T quant fund [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: Coleman Group, a London-based quant alternative investment manager, has partnered with 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Changing investor preferences: Outflows from bigger and inflows to smaller managers [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: This year saw a small outflow of funds from bigger managers and inflows into smaller hedge fund managers, said Duncan Crawford, head of Hedge Fund Sales team at Societe Generale during the latest 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Global Return Asset Management ends 1H up +7.04% [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: New York-based value hedge fund Global Return Asset Management has ended the first half of 2017 up +7.04 percent net, according to performance information obtained by Opalesque. The firm's flagship fund is up +59.87 percent since inception in 2013.

The r								
															


24. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Institutions and family offices shift to hedge funds and alternatives despite valuation concerns: hedge fund news, week 30 [more]

																														In the week ending 21 July, 2017, the global trend to shift into alternative assets is gathering pace more institutional investors are turning to private equit								
															


21. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Modern investor tools (6): Hedge fund investor trends seen through Hedge Connection platform [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: 

Modern Investor Tools is a series on technology providers that assist asset allocators.

Founded in 2005, 								
															


19. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: National foundation study shows improved 2016 investment returns [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Data from the recently released 2016 Council on Foundations-Commonfund Study of Investment of Endowments for Private and Community Foundations (CCSF) show that foundations returns have improved slightly. According to the report, private foundations reported an a								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Come to Bermuda's premier hedge fund event in October [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Just as the wind starts blowing auburn leaves along the streets of New York and London and people start revisiting their winter coats, some hedge funders might like to find solace in Bermuda, where they could have dinner on the beach and go on a mini-cruise. 								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Majority of hedge fund investors to "significantly or moderately" shift money to quant funds: hedge fund news, week 29 [more]

																														In the week ending 14 July, 2017, in FinTech, a report by Jefferies pointed to a chart from Google Trends as a visualisation how interest in "data science" 								
															


14. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Green Alpha Advisors goes long on the 'next economy' [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Garvin Jabusch co-founder and CIO of Denver-based Green Alpha Advisors bristles at being lumped in with other sustainability and ESG funds. When we met, he was in New York to speak at a sustainable investing conference about what he calls the "next economy" and 								
															


11. Jul. | 
																															
																														CTA survey results on investment methodology, fees and traded markets [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: London based J8 Capital Management conducted a global survey to fund out how CTAs work and generate returns. The survey was supported by Opalesque. 



 

The 2017 CTA survey by far and large confirmed the findings of the 2014 and 2015 CTA survey (total of 110 respons								
															





																												Previous Opalesque	Exclusives                                  
																										





More Other Voices


27. Jul. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Activist's investment in Nestle: Upcoming depreciation of major world currencies [more]

															By Alex Gavrish, Etalon Investment Research; author of Story Investing.



Alex Gavrish discusses the possible story behind an activist inves								
															


22. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Are your pricing policies and procedures for less liquid instruments adequate? [more]

															Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The unrelated position mismarking incidents that quickly precipitated the closures of both Visium Asset Management and Marinus Capital have been recent focal points for market participants, but regulatory scrutiny of valuation choices for less liquid instruments is 								
															


21. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: What is the Capital Inflow From China A-share Index Inclusion? [more]

															By Qi Wang, CFA, CEO at MegaTrust Investment (HK):

As expected, MSCI today announced the inclusion of China A-shares in its Emerging Markets Index for the firs								
															


24. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: The insidious threat of data mining bias [more]

															Guest article from Kris Longmore, Founder and Head of Quantitative Research at Quantify:In the context of systematic trading research, data mining bias refers to the risk of attributing significance to a result that was in fact due to chance. I refer to it as an "insidious threat" becau								
															


17. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: How to Evaluate a Machine Learning Based Trading System? [more]

															Meta Alpha, LLC - Submitted to Opalesque as Guest Article - Confidential and Proprietary 1. Is it really machine learning, i.e. does it really learn? Many systems depend on traditional statistical techniques such as GARCH and other techniques but are not really machine learning. In othe								
															


12. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Aon Hewitt retirement and investment blog: Hedge fund indices as benchmarks [more]

															Executive Summary
Where clients are looking to benchmark hedge fund investments against a relevant market, or peer
average, we recommend that clients use HFRI Fund Weighted Indices as opposed to indices from other
providers or the newer Asset Weighted indices from HFRI.
In some situatio								
															


26. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: "Winner-take-all" dynamics and hedge fund investing [more]

															A growing stream of thinking in microeconomics is the concept of "winner-take-all" dynamics. The idea seems simple. A combination of networking economics and classic economies of scale creates situations where there are just a few dominant firms or economic agents who are able to capture significant								
															


04. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Hedge funds manage risk: Opposing view [more]

															By: Richard H. Baker

Even in times of pressure, research shows that investors particularly institutional investors such as pensions, foundations and endowments continue to use hedge funds as tools to help meet their unique financial and risk management needs.
 
This is especially true in the 								
															




Previous Other Voices
                                              
																									
Access Alternative Market Briefing


Access our fully search-able archive on hedge fund and alternatives news (71580 articles)


Go directly to current Alternative Market Briefing newsletter
























 









Top Forwarded
Top Tracked
Top Searched

Oaktree's Howard Marks issues another cautionary tale[more]
Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Oaktree's co-chairman Howard Marks' latest memo is another cautionary one that advocaMonths to minutes: Enigma launch aims to boost crypto hedge fund creation[more]
From Coindesk.com: What if starting a hedge fund was as easy as downloading an API? A startup incubated at MIT Media Lab is today revealing a product designed with this ease-of-use in mind. Called Catalyst, the first product offering by blockchain startup Enigma aims to trigger nothing short of an eNorth America - Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings, US dominates new money portion of Greece's debt sale[more]
Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings
From Reuters.com: A group of hedge funds that hold about $3 billion of Puerto Rico sales-tax-backed debt released a court filing late on Tuesday that revealed how much of the total amount each fund manages.

Decagon Holdings LLC, $25 million cryptocurrency fund launches to capitalize on the "internet of the future"[more]
From Coindesk.com: General Crypto, a $25 million cryptocurrency hedge fund, has launched to provide high net worth investors with liquid exposure to the cryptocurrency market and digital assets that they believe could run the technological infrastructure of the future. Since the start of 2017, the tOther Voices: ICO hell is here (for U.S. investors)[more]
Chris Kitze
Technology Innovator and Investor

ICO's surpassed VC funding for blockchain companies in the first half of 2017. Tezos raised $232m in two weeks and Bancor pocketed $153m in just three hours. New coin listings on exchanges have generated eye-popping returns for early investor
							Click here for More about Opalesque Tracking- A new, unique Premium Service -
emerging managersCorvexTenaronsaemorMillburnMoore Emerging Marketsids capitalstandard pacificCQSpension


Latest VideosFeaturing : Tages Capital: One of Europe's largest and most experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital.Tages Capital LLP is one of the most active and experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital to emerging alternative fund managers. Tages Capital has invested over $700m of seeding/acceleration capital across 15 trans...» Watch the videoMore Videos »Subscribe to Video Feed » 





 On this site people currently   read about: 



hugh hendry
HBK
fund manager
bischoff
Rothstein Kass
asian hedge fund
CQS
hermes
Hedge Fund Incubator
man group
morgan stanley
Mark
turkey
ids capital
people
Tudor
armored wolf
golden china
PAULSON
pension
social media
new fund launch
King Street
Kenmar
aqr
asia markets
HEDGE
Maverick
managed account
focus
marshall wace
redemptions
equinox
goldentree
Ospraie
administration
Adar
PARDUS
separately Managed Accounts
sungard
maga
viking
standard pacific
mortgage fund
outsource
hedge fund
bridgewater
credit
Moore Emerging Markets
japan
citigroup
onex
nestle
Gold
Seed




Opalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Current Issue (U.K. 2017)| |Roundtable Archive



ALTERNATIVE 
		MARKET BRIEFINGThe Only Hedge Fund Newswire Read By Elite Managers » More Current Issue |  Subscribe Now | Archive 

NASDAQ 100 Index – Daily
Near Term Trend: BullishFriday’s Close: 5,921.52 (+ 0.01%)UPDATE: Last week, I suggested buying if NDX tests 5,710 with a target of 6,100 and stops below 5678.The NDX continued the recent upside move for the duration of last week – blowing off any concerns about valuations or “top-ticking” the market. Technically, the upside now projects up to 6136 – perhaps after a pullback.Buy any dips in the NDX down to 5,750 with stops on any daily close below 5,709 and with an upside target of 6,136.

Current Issue
 | Subscribe  | 
About















Company Information
About Opalesque
History
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Media Kit
Contact


Publications
 Alternative Market Briefing

Technical Research
NEW MANAGERS




Opalesque Roundtables


Research

Technical Research



Private Equity Strategies



Products & Services

Events
Live Chat (for Traders only)

Connect with Opalesque

 Subscribe to our Services
 Subscribe to our RSS feed
 Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to Opalesque.TV




back to top



					Publisher Opalesque is a member of the Opalesque Group. ©	2001-17 Opalesque | All rights reserved. Please visit other member firms and services of the Opalesque Group: 
					
					
					Hedge-Professionals Database  |
					 Opalesque.TV  | Opalesque Solutions
























