




ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1205 Westlakes Drive, Suite 270  
    Berwyn, PA, 19312Phone: 610-572-4529 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-31


Amended


$1,500,000


$0


Other


3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-10-06


Amended


$1,500,000


$0


Other


3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-04-06


New


$1,500,000


$1,500,000


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Zeke Capital Advisors, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Edward N. Antoian 
 Executive 


 John F. Kemmerer 
 Executive 


 Paul M. Polries 
 Executive 


 Steven A. Tazza 
 Executive 





















 













 




ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP
List of persons related to the company ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP.

CIK Number: 0001625043IRS Number: 472275430Company address: 1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE SUITE 270 BERWYN 19312Phone number: 610-572-4529Former name: ZCA Partners III LP, date of change: 2014-11-13



People related to ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAntoian  EdwardZeke Capital Advisors LLC 1235 Westlakes Dr. Suite 402BerwynPAAntoian  EdwardZeke Capital Advisors LLC 1205 Westlakes Dr. Suite 270BerwynPA




ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP on the Web
Related companiesZCA APEX Corporate Partners, LLC, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Holdings 1 LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP, ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP, ZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP, ZCA Vroom.com Holdings, LP












 








ZCA Holdings 1 LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ZCA Holdings 1 LP
List of persons related to the company ZCA Holdings 1 LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ZCA Holdings 1 LP.

CIK Number: 0001648438IRS Number: 471105372Company address: 1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE STE 270 BERWYN 19312Phone number: 610-572-4529



People related to ZCA Holdings 1 LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAntoian  Edward1235 Westlakes Drive Ste 402BerwynPAAntoian  Edward1205 Westlakes Drive Ste 270BerwynPA




ZCA Holdings 1 LP on the Web
Related companiesZCA APEX Corporate Partners, LLC, ZCA Devon Park Drive LP, ZCA Global Equity Strategy, LP, ZCA Hedged Credit Strategy, LP, ZCA Holdings 2 LP, ZCA Holdings 3 LP, ZCA Holdings 4, LP, ZCA Long/Short Strategy, LP, ZCA Mainstreet Development Holdings, LP, ZCA Montrose Environmental Group Holdings, LP, ZCA Niche Credit Opportunities Fund, LP, ZCA Partners I, LP, ZCA Partners II LP, ZCA Partners III LP, ZCA Private Investments Fund, LP












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












ZCA LONG/SHORT STRATEGY, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ZCA LONG/SHORT STRATEGY, LP
                    

•   BERWYN, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             ZCA Long/short Strategy is based out of Berwyn.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-31. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ZCA LONG/SHORT STRATEGY, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




zca long/short strategy, lp


1205 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 270

BERWYN
PA
                                                        
                                                    19312


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      610-572-4529







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/31/2016
D/A filed on 10/06/2016
D filed on 04/06/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-31
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
1,500,000
INDEFINITE


2016-10-06
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
1,500,000
INDEFINITE


2011-04-06
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
1,500,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




EDWARD N.  ANTOIAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN F.  KEMMERER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



PAUL M.  POLRIES

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



STEVEN A.  TAZZA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ZEKE CAPITAL   ADVISORS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free


































Long/Short Equity


















































































 























Topics



What's New



Trump Replaces Chief of Staff Priebus With Retired General Kelly




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Stop Order
An order to buy or sell a security when its price surpasses a particular point, thus ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Long/Short Equity









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is 'Long/Short Equity'
Long/short equity is an investing strategy of taking long positions in stocks that are expected to appreciate and short positions in stocks that are expected to decline. A long/short equity strategy seeks to minimize market exposure, while profiting from stock gains in the long positions and price declines in the short positions. Although this may not always be the case, the strategy would be profitable on a net basis as long as the long positions generate more profit than the short positions, or the other way around. The long/short equity strategy is popular with hedge funds, many of which employ a market-neutral strategy where the dollar amounts of the long and short positions are equal.

BREAKING DOWN 'Long/Short Equity'
While many hedge funds also employ a long/short equity strategy with a long bias (such as 130/30, where long exposure is 130% and short exposure is 30%), comparatively fewer hedge funds employ a short bias to their long/short strategy.
Long/short equity strategies can be differentiated in a number of ways – by market geography (advanced economies, emerging markets, Europe, etc.), sector (energy, technology, etc.), investment philosophy (value or growth) and so on. An example of a long/short equity strategy with a broad mandate would be a global equity growth fund; an example of a relatively narrow mandate would be an emerging markets healthcare fund.
A popular variation of the long/short model is that of the “pair trade," which involves offsetting a long position on a stock with a short position on another stock in the same sector. For example, an investor in the technology space may take a long position in Microsoft and offset that with a short position in Intel. If the investor buys 1,000 shares of Microsoft at $33 each, and Intel is trading at $22, the short leg of this paired trade would involve purchasing 1,500 Intel shares so that the dollar amounts of the long and short positions are equal.
The ideal situation for this long/short strategy would be for Microsoft to appreciate and for Intel to decline. If Microsoft rises to $35 and Intel falls to $21, the overall profit on this strategy would be $3,500. Even if Intel advances to $23 – since the same factors typically drive stocks up or down in a specific sector – the strategy would still be profitable at $500, although much less so.
To get around the fact that stocks within a sector generally tend to move up or down in unison, long/short strategies frequently tend to use different sectors for the long and short legs. For example, if interest rates are rising, a hedge fund may short interest-sensitive sectors such as utilities, and go long on defensive sectors such as health care.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Long/Short Fund                                            




                                                    Long-Short Ratio                                            




                                                    Equity Market Neutral                                            




                                                    Net Exposure                                             




                                                    Dedicated Short Bias                                            




                                                    Market Neutral                                            




                                                    Net Short                                            




                                                    Short The Basis                                            




                                                    Weak Shorts                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Long/Short Equity | Highland Capital Management




























































 

























        
















Press enter to begin your search 








No menu assigned!










 





Long/Short Equity













High Yield Credit


Structured Products


Distressed & Special Situations


Long/Short Equity


Health Care


Emerging Markets


Real Estate




  Awards





Long/Short Equity

Highland offers multiple alternative equity strategies that seek to deliver equity-like returns over an entire market cycle with lower risk, volatility and draw-downs than long-only or index funds. We offer a balanced and disciplined approach to investing, which has allowed us to generate strong and consistent performance across different market environments. Highland’s long/short equity funds typically run with net long bias, which results in much lower risk characteristics than the overall equity market, while still capturing much of the inherent upward trajectory of the equity market. As a result, these funds can be thought of as a low beta equity investment. The investment process, including both risk management and intensive fundamental analysis, drives idea generation, stock selection, portfolio construction and sell discipline.
Risk management and capital preservation are a central objective of our alternative equity strategies. Portfolio Managers will allocate capital to different risk buckets (high, medium and low) based upon different market environments and in response to macroeconomic data. Each strategy uses this consistent top-down approach with a bottom-up stock selection in order to optimize returns.
Strategy Types

Long/Short Equity

Diversified long/short equity fund with typical net long exposure between 20% and 60%
Strong focus on downside protection and risk management
Overall net long exposure driven by top down macro view while security selection is driven by a fundamental bottom-up research focused on a differentiated view in order to generate alpha on both long and short positions

Long/Short Healthcare Equity

Healthcare is the largest and fastest growing component of U.S. GDP
The strategy is great way to “play” Obamacare, the largest structural healthcare change in 50 years as well as the “Biotechnology Revolution” in a balanced, low-risk format
Healthcare is Highland’s largest investment sector at $2.3 billion in assets across the firm 
Michael Gregory, Head of Healthcare, manages the strategy and utilizes a deep bench of 9 dedicated sector-specialists with a combined 120 years of experience.

For more information on Highland’s L/S equity business, please contact Info@HighlandFunds.com.








© 2017 Highland Capital Management, LP.   |  All rights reserved 



        












Home
About Us

History
Our Leadership

James Dondero
Mark Okada


Investment Approach
Highland’s ESG Practice
Community
Contact Us


Strategies

High Yield Credit
Structured Products
Distressed and Special Situations
Long/Short Equity
Healthcare
Emerging Markets
Real Estate


In the News
Media Center

Press Releases and Announcements
Market Commentary
Videos
Media Inquiries


Careers



    

 























Forge First Asset Management


















































































































































Protect. Diversify. Perform.

















 Protect. Diversify. Perform.Forge First Asset Management is an alternative asset manager offering investment solutions that find a balance between asset protection and capital enhancement. Founded in 2012, Forge First actively manages two long/short funds which invest in a diversified basket of North American securities.
 







 Portfolio Protection-Forge First Long Short LP (Class F Lead Series): Total return of +12.65% in negative months for the TSX Total Return index (-34.41%).-Forge First Multi Strategy LP (Class F Lead Series): Total return of +14.25% in negative months for the TSX Total Return index (-34.41%).-Hedge portfolio risk with short positions that consist of individual securities, large cap index ETFs, and sector ETFs.  Diversification-Broadly diversified exposure to Canadian and US public companies-Diverse sector exposure-All-cap security exposure-No private companies Capital GrowthForge First Long Short LP (Class F Lead Series)*:Annualized return: 18.70%Sharpe Ratio: 2.14Volatility: 8.27%Alpha: 14%Forge First Multi Strategy LP (Class F Lead Series)*:Annualized return: 14.17%Sharpe Ratio: 2.02Volatility: 6.53%Alpha: 11%











Andrew McCreath, CFAPresident and CEO, Forge First Asset Management Inc.



About US" In 2012 we looked at the asset management industry globally and drew the conclusion that investors’ appetite for risk and expectations for return were undergoing significant change.Simply put, investors are keenly focused on preserving their capital while earning a competitive rate of return. We are on the same page.To help investors navigate the uncertainty in today’s world, we created investment solutions that utilize all investment tools to prudently and responsibly manage capital.Our goals are simple - manage risks, strive to minimize losses and earn a competitive return for investors.Welcome to Forge First Asset Management. "




Introduction to Forge First Asset Management Inc.  Watch it here: January 27, 2017 - Introduction to Forge First Asset Management Inc.This presentation, as of January 27, 2017, is provided for general information purposes only and does not constitute an offering memorandum.  The ideas and comments expressed are meant to be illustrative only. Forge First will not be under any obligation to update the contents of this presentation. Listeners of this presentation are expressly cautioned to seek the advice of a registered investment advisor regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities or investment strategies. Please review the most recent offering memorandum for a detailed description of Forge First’s funds, the fund’s strategies, objectives and risk factors. Please contact Forge First Asset Management Inc. to request the offering documents and to speak with a registered dealing representative.




 Forge First Multi Strategy LP up 91.89% since inception   Forge First Long Short LP up 132.30% since inceptionLEARN MORE*Class F Lead Series cumulative net return as at June 30, 2017. 







  
Average Monthly Net Return (%) - August 2012 to June 2017












TSX Down = TSX monthly returns of < -1%  /  TSX Neutral = monthly returns of -1 to +1%  /   TSX Up = monthly returns of > +1% 

 








  














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































         LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › LD Products      LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   LD Products Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/28/2017       LD Products Ratings and User Reviews. LD Products is rated 9.3 out of 10 from 1995 reviews. Last rated on 07/19/2017.    LD Products - Ink cartridge and inkjet refills offers new OEM, compatible, and remanufactured inkjet cartridges as well as InkTec ink refill kits and laser toner cartridges.        2016 Platinum Circle of Excellence   11 years               LD Products Rating             More About LD Products         Overall Satisfaction:     9.3 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.4 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.3 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 81% 82%     Neutral 15% 14%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         8.9 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.2 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.5 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         9.1 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         8.9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.6 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.5 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.3 out of 10   Customer Support:         9.2 out of 10   Product Availability:         9.6 out of 10   Returns Process:         8.6 out of 10                Recent Reviews for LD Products  Showing 1 - 20 of 1995 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Ducman                           Jul 19, 2017            Excellent products an service . Only had 1 cartridge that failed in last 2 yrs  . I know LD would have made it good but didn't have the time to fool with it at that moent !1  AAA+++ company and products                   Jul 28, 2017                                Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            good product and service                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Joe                           Jul 28, 2017            First Rate                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            Very good product and I have had no problems with my printer using LD ink.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                TJ                           Jul 28, 2017            I would have ordered more cartridges if the HP color symbols had been identified by color name, even in a chart.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Will                           Jul 28, 2017            Your software is easy to use even if you forgot your password.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            While working I used only LD products.  Now retired I still use LD products.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Mahendra                           Jul 28, 2017            It is hard to open my account.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            I appreciate the convenience and low prices.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                pwal                           Jul 16, 2017            excellent cartridges at a reasonable price.                   Jul 28, 2017                                Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                gongers                           Jul 28, 2017            LD Products is the most reliable company I have worked with.  Their products have always been excellent, and if there is a problem, they take care of it instantly.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Luke                           Jul 28, 2017            Have been using LD Ink for 10 years; Product is quality and delivery in usually 2 days.One issue over this period was immediately taken care of with replacement cartridges.Highly recommend this company for your ink source.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Maxx                           Jul 28, 2017            Awesome prices and easy to shop!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Bick                           Jul 28, 2017            Do you take empty cartridges back   I Have a bunch?                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Irv                           Jul 28, 2017            have been purchasing from LD for almost 2 decades  overall have been very satisfied with their products and customer service which is particularly of importance to me                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            thanks for being a good resource...                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Julie                           Jul 28, 2017            Once I started using this product, I never stopped. only once I received one that was leaking. and one time you didn't have mine in stock. But I still like your product.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                CC                           Jul 28, 2017            Better quality and longevity of photos.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 28, 2017            I do not purchase on mobile device-just use laptop at home.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Jan                           Jul 28, 2017            Love the discounts.  Good products, too.                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              