


Zebra Capital Management: Firm Overview









 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us












Firm Overview
Management Team
Zebra Capital Management

Zebra Capital Management, LLC is a SEC registered, global, independent investment management firm managing equity-focused investment strategies.  Founded in 2001 by Roger Ibbotson,  Professor Emeritus of Finance at Yale University, Zebra has successfully combined Professor Ibbotson’s leading-edge research and scientific methods with decades of direct trading, risk management, and operational experience.  Zebra's strategies seek to generate superior performance, without incurring additional volatility and have demonstrated attractive risk/return characteristics.
        

The Zebra Investment and Research teams focus on harnessing the popularity premium in global equity markets, using Professor Ibbotson’s original research as the springboard.  Using liquidity, valuation and growth to identify manifestations of “popularity,” Zebra’s strategies seek to systematically invest in stocks that are less popular but nonetheless have strong fundamental characteristics. 
        

Zebra’s Investment Strategies seek to methodically capture these premia in the public equity markets. Zebra believes positive, long-term excess returns are driven by systematically exploiting market characteristics supported by basic, economic principles. By seeking out fundamentally strong, but overlooked, less demanded securities; Zebra believes it can generate consistent attractive returns without taking on significant levels of risk. Zebra manages these strategies both in long and in long short products.
        





Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management









 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us

















Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Firm Overview










 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us












Zebra Capital Management
            612 Wheelers Farms  Road
            Milford, CT  06461

Telephone: 203.878.3223
        Investor Relations:  203.878.1388
www.zebracapital.com
info@zebracapital.com







 


Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Featured Articles









 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us












 


          2015 Interview @ Morningstar Pan-European Institutional Conference
          




 

          2015 Interview with Cash (Swiss financial magazine)
          




 

 




Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Featured Articles









 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us












  


American Beacon Announces New Equity Funds
Press release, American Beacon, June 2, 2010
          Announces Zebra Capital’s sub-advisory of two new mutual funds for American Beacon Advisors based on Zebra’s proprietary liquidity strategy
        

The Importance of Asset Allocation
By Roger G. Ibbotson
          Financial Analysts Journal, Volume 66, Number 2, March/April 2010
          How important is asset allocation policy in determining performance?
        

The Equal Importance of Asset Allocation and Active Management
By James Xiong, CFA, Roger G. Ibbotson, Thomas M. Idzorek, CFA, and Peng Chen, CFA
          Financial Analysts Journal, Volume 66, Number 2, March/April 2010
          What is the relative importance of asset allocation policy versus active portfolio management in explaining variability in performance?
        

Forward Thinker
By Roger Ibbotson
          Wealth Manager, Volume 10, Issue 11, December 2008
          Puts the markets and economy in context, post-market sell-off, and focuses on the opportunities ahead
        

Allocate Your Assets
By Roger Ibbotson
          Path to Investing Expert Guidance
          Examines appropriate asset allocation models
        

Long-Run Stock Returns: Participating in the Real Economy
By Roger G. Ibbotson and Peng Chen
          Financial Analysts Journal, Volume 59, Number 1, January/February 2003
          Estimating the forward-looking long-term equity risk premium by extrapolating the
          way it has participated in the real economy.
        

 




Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Disclaimer









 











 










 


Zebra  Capital Management, LLC and its two affiliated investment management firms,  Zebra Fund Advisors, LLC, and Zebra Advisors, LLC, (hereafter and collectively  “Zebra Capital”) are independent firms offering professional investment  management services located in Milford,   CT.  Each Zebra Capital entity is an investment  adviser registered with the U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission.  Due  to various state and foreign regulations and filing requirements, our firms and  professionals may only provide investment management services in those states  and countries in which they are appropriately registered or otherwise exempt or  excluded from registration requirements.
Our  firms do not render personalized investment advice or services or effect, or  attempt to effect any securities transactions, on this website.  The purpose of this website is to provide the  public with general information about the services offered by our Zebra Capital  investment management firms.
Zebra  Capital continuously monitors its filing requirements in all states, and will  provide individualized advisory services only in accordance with various state  regulations.
 




Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapm.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Log In












 









Firm Overview
Strategies
Featured Articles
Featured Videos
Our Research
Contact Us















 




 
 
 


EMAIL ADDRESS
 



 
 
 


PASSWORD
 



 
 




 
 

 




 





 
 
Help: I forgot my password


 


 





Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapm.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer




﻿


Zebra Capital Management: Firm Overview









 










Firm Overview
Strategies
Our Research
Featured Videos
Featured Articles
Contact Us












Firm Overview
Management Team
Zebra Capital Management

Zebra Capital Management, LLC is a SEC registered, global, independent investment management firm managing equity-focused investment strategies.  Founded in 2001 by Roger Ibbotson,  Professor Emeritus of Finance at Yale University, Zebra has successfully combined Professor Ibbotson’s leading-edge research and scientific methods with decades of direct trading, risk management, and operational experience.  Zebra's strategies seek to generate superior performance, without incurring additional volatility and have demonstrated attractive risk/return characteristics.
        

The Zebra Investment and Research teams focus on harnessing the popularity premium in global equity markets, using Professor Ibbotson’s original research as the springboard.  Using liquidity, valuation and growth to identify manifestations of “popularity,” Zebra’s strategies seek to systematically invest in stocks that are less popular but nonetheless have strong fundamental characteristics. 
        

Zebra’s Investment Strategies seek to methodically capture these premia in the public equity markets. Zebra believes positive, long-term excess returns are driven by systematically exploiting market characteristics supported by basic, economic principles. By seeking out fundamentally strong, but overlooked, less demanded securities; Zebra believes it can generate consistent attractive returns without taking on significant levels of risk. Zebra manages these strategies both in long and in long short products.
        





Zebra Capital Management · 612 Wheelers Farms Road · Milford, CT · 06461 · Phone 203.878.3223 · Email info@zebracapital.com
www.zebracapital.com
Disclaimer






Zebra Capital Management LLC                                                                                             - Milford                                           , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Milford



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Zebra Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















Z 


Zebra Capital Management LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



612 WHEELERS FARMS RD 2B MILFORD, CT 06461
Get Directions



(203) 878-3223
www.zebracapm.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated CT
 Annual Revenue $2,622,789.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Roger Ibbotson                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zebra Capital Management Llc                                                                                             was founded in 2001. The company is located in Milford and incorporated in Connecticut. Zebra Capital Management Llc                                                                                             specializes in Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Zebra Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Zebra Capital Management, LLC


Zebra Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 126285) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Milford, CT.
They
manage $395,295,596 in 8 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Zebra Capital Management, LLC




612 Wheelers Farms Rd,
Milford,
CT
06461
203-878-3223
http://www.zebracapital.com




http://www.zebracapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

395
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

8
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$49,411,950







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CT






Financial Advisors at Zebra Capital Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Roger G. Ibbotson



CRD#:
4393768



612 Wheelers Farms Road,
Milford,
CT
06460




87

Wealthminder
score








Roger Ibbotson (CRD# 4393768) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Zebra Capital Management, LLC in Milford, CT and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now






















Zebra Capital Management Has Increased Herman Miller  Com Stk (MLHR) Holding By $562,326, Resolute Forest Products (ABH) Has 1 Sentiment - Money Making Articles Hot Stuff






 


















 





















 




































All News
Business
Tech

Tech
Finance
About
Contributors
Contacts




Today's Date:  Monday, July 24th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						





Zebra Capital Management Has Increased Herman Miller   Com Stk (MLHR) Holding By $562,326, Resolute Forest Products (ABH) Has 1 Sentiment


					
						July 19, 2017 - By Louis Casey

Zebra Capital Management Llc increased Herman Miller Inc Com Stk (MLHR) stake by 25.7% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Zebra Capital Management Llc acquired 16,539 shares as Herman Miller Inc Com Stk (MLHR)’s stock rose 5.47%. The Zebra Capital Management Llc holds 80,899 shares with $2.77M value, up from 64,360 last quarter. Herman Miller Inc Com Stk now has $2.00 billion valuation. The stock decreased 0.44% or $0.15 during the last trading session, reaching $33.6. About 737,277 shares traded or 40.87% up from the average. Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) has risen 6.46% since July 19, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 10.24% the S&P500.







Angel Biotechnology Holdings Plc is a specialist biopharmaceutical manufacturing company. The company has market cap of 1.89 million GBP. The Firm is engaged in the manufacture and supply of biologics, biological products whose active ingredients cannot be chemically synthesized. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm supplies the biopharmaceuticals contract manufacturing sector of the biologics market and within that sector focuses on the early-stage drug development work, such as chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and pre-clinical studies, along with drug products for Phases I, II and III of clinical trials.
It closed at $0.05 lastly. It is down 0.00% since July 19, 2016 and is . It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500.
Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd Can holds 13.99% of its portfolio in Angel Biotechnology Holdings Plc for 30.55 million shares. Chou Associates Management Inc. owns 4.96 million shares or 8.49% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Aegis Financial Corp has 8.03% invested in the company for 1.53 million shares. The Washington-based Steelhead Partners Llc has invested 2.02% in the stock. Alpine Investment Management Llc, a Missouri-based fund reported 4.31 million shares.
Investors sentiment increased to 1.08 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.22, from 0.86 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 31 investors sold MLHR shares while 68 reduced holdings. 36 funds opened positions while 71 raised stakes. 47.48 million shares or 2.00% less from 48.45 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Thompson Siegel And Walmsley has 63 shares for 0% of their portfolio. Ronald Blue And Com Limited Com has 0.01% invested in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) for 6,402 shares. Wellington Mngmt Grp Inc Llp holds 1.34M shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Raymond James & Associate has 0% invested in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) for 10,309 shares. Bowling Portfolio Ltd Liability Company has 0.08% invested in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) for 15,653 shares. Netols Asset Mngmt holds 1.34% or 190,875 shares. Us Retail Bank De holds 0% of its portfolio in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) for 7,376 shares. Dekabank Deutsche Girozentrale, a Germany-based fund reported 148,800 shares. Glenmede Tru Co Na has 0% invested in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR). Nuveen Asset Mngmt Ltd Limited Liability Company has invested 0% in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR). Arizona State Retirement Sys holds 0.01% or 26,845 shares. Massachusetts Commerce Ma stated it has 111,254 shares or 0% of all its holdings. The United Kingdom-based Kames Public Ltd Company has invested 0% in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR). Texas Permanent School Fund reported 43,746 shares stake. Ameriprise Financial invested 0% of its portfolio in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR).
Since February 7, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 4 selling transactions for $798,656 activity. Goeman Donald D sold $129,107 worth of Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) on Tuesday, February 7. Shares for $28,602 were sold by LOCK ANDREW J. Another trade for 8,925 shares valued at $302,125 was made by Watson Bruce Benedict on Wednesday, May 3.
Among 4 analysts covering Herman Miller (NASDAQ:MLHR), 1 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 25% are positive. Herman Miller had 5 analyst reports since December 18, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm earned “Underperform” rating on Tuesday, January 3 by Raymond James. The stock of Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR) earned “Hold” rating by BB&T Capital on Friday, June 24. The rating was initiated by Sidoti on Tuesday, June 27 with “Buy”. Seaport Global initiated the shares of MLHR in report on Friday, November 4 with “Neutral” rating. The stock has “Mkt Perform” rating by Raymond James on Friday, December 18.
Zebra Capital Management Llc decreased International Bancshares Corp (NASDAQ:IBOC) stake by 16,745 shares to 82,222 valued at $3.36M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Flowers Foods Inc Com Stk (NYSE:FLO) stake by 21,718 shares and now owns 100,009 shares. Marathon Petroleum Corp Com S (NYSE:MPC) was reduced too. 

 - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.







By Louis Casey


  

 



 
 
Free Email Newsletter
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







  Recent Posts 

Analysts See $0.01 EPS for IEC Electronics (IEC), Tygh Capital Management Upped Its Hms Holdings (HMSY) Holding


Eyegate Pharmaceuticals (EYEG) Analysts See $-0.19 EPS, Global Payments (GPN) Has 0.93 Sentiment


$0.01 EPS Expected for E L Financial Ltd (ELF); Encore Capital Group, Inc. (ECPG) Covered By 4 Bulls


$-0.64 EPS Expected for Aimmune Therapeutics (AIMT), Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH)’s Sentiment Is 1.12


Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Analysts See $0.64 EPS, 2 Analysts Are Bullish Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Last Week


Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Analysts See $0.08 EPS, Bemis Co (BMS)’s Sentiment Is 0.85


EPS for Hydro One Ltd (H) Expected At $0.28; Iac (IACI) Sentiment Is 0.81


Analysts See $-0.24 EPS for Cardiome Pharma (COM), CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Covered By 2 Bullish Analysts Last Week


State Auto Financial (STFC) EPS Estimated At $-0.16, Kames Capital Plc Has Trimmed Its Tenneco  (TEN) Stake


Analysts See $0.02 EPS for StarTek, Inc. (SRT), 2 Analysts Are Bullish Wabash National (WNC) Last Week


  








© Copyright 2016 MMAHotStuff - mmahotstuff.com - All Rights Reserved. -  About - Editorial - Contact














            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	  


























ZEBRA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC Investment Adviser Profile | DisclosureTrack by Predictive















Toggle navigation









Features


Customer Stories


Team


Signals


Help




Adviser Search


Log In


Start Searching for Free









ZEBRA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

MILFORD
CT
UNITED STATES

Information as of May  8, 2017



















Find this free profile helpful?
Register now for a free trial of DisclosureTrack to unlock more information.















Investment Adviser Summary



ZEBRA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser (RIA). The firm is based in MILFORD CT UNITED STATES. As of the firm's last SEC filing on May  8, 2017, the firm has 14 employees and has $823 Million in Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM).










Main Address




612 WHEELERS FARMS RD


MILFORD
CT
06461
UNITED STATES


203-878-3223



View on Map










Adviser Information



Legal Name
ZEBRA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC


Business Name
ZEBRA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC


Jurisdiction/Type

CT
Limited Liability Company



Website(s)

http://www.zebracapital.com


SEC Status
Registered - Approved


Registration Date
2004-08-27







Registration Information



SEC Number
801-63475


CRD Number
126285


Public Reporting Company
No


CIK Number



LEI Number










Legal Structure and Domicile



Legal Structure

Limited Liability Company




Legal Domicile Country
United States


Legal Domicile State/Province
CT





Key Figures Summary



Regulatory Assets Under Management
823,184,541.00


Number of Employees

14
(Advisory: 9)



Number of Clients
11 to 25


Number of Accounts
12









Services, Fees, and Clients




Services Offered



Portfolio Management - Investment Companies/Business Development Companies
Portfolio Management - Pooled Investment Vehicles
Portfolio Management - Business or Institutional Clients
Other (ADVISORY SERVICES TO PRIVATE INVESTMENT FUNDS & SUB-ADVISORY SERVICES TO INVESTMENT COMPANIES)





Fee Type Charged



Percentage of AUM
Performance-based Fees





Client Types



Registered Investment Companies
Pooled Investment Vehicles
Pension and Profit Sharing Plans
State or Municipal Government









Significant Red Flags




Disclosure Reporting Pages (DRPs)



None





Potential Conflicts



Transactions in Recommended Securities
Related Persons have Custody of Client Assets or Accounts
Related Persons have Custody of Client Securities











Share this Profile














Filed Form ADVs






May  8, 2017



View



Changes








March 30, 2017



View



Changes








March 30, 2016



View



Changes








July  8, 2015



View








Quick Links


SEC Summary

Latest ADV PDF

Part 2 Brochure PDF

Private Funds

Control Persons

Indirect Control Persons

Other Business Info

DRPs





Share this Profile











Subject to our
Terms of Use, 
all information provided on this website and in DisclosureTrack is provided "as-is" without warranty and for informational purposes only.  Predictive Inc. does not provide investment advice.  Predictive Inc. is not an investment adviser and is not endorsed by or affiliated with any US or non-US regulatory agency.











Schedule a Demo or Start Searching For Free Now



Schedule a Demo
Start Searching for Free







Get helpful monthly insights you won’t find anywhere else.

Just add your email address below. We never spam.










Join our Mailing List

You can unsubscribe at any time.

















NYSE Zebra Edge Index - Nationwide New Heights















































 
















 






 























  
























  

















“Has Ibbotson found a better way to beat the market?”
Source: TheStreet, 2014


Roger G. Ibbotson, PhD.

Chairman and Chief Investment Officer, Zebra Capital Management
Professor Emeritus, Yale School of Management
Founder of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar Company















  










The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index
An opportunity to benefit from unpopular stocks








Since 1977, Roger Ibbotson has conducted groundbreaking research on asset allocation and investment strategies. His four-decade teaching career with the University of Chicago and Yale University includes numerous awards and placed him among a select group of academics who have helped change the way investors think. His daring prediction — large-cap stock returns over 11% annually would lead to the Dow breaking 10,000 — made him one of the most famous names in finance.1
Professor Ibbotson and his team at Zebra Capital Management now bring that wealth of experience to the design of the new NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index. This dynamic index capitalizes on the core insight of his career: stocks historically have provided higher returns than bonds.
The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index is a rules-based, risk-controlled index which leverages Ibbotson’s behavioral research. Less popular and less volatile stocks provide the potential for consistent long-term returns.






Helpful Resources

NYSE® Zebra Edge Index®






















Ibbotson’s cool stock selection process
The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index evaluates the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the United States each quarter and removes the most popular and the most volatile.2 The diagram below shows how every three months the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index selects on average 197 stocks with the potential for higher returns with less risk.




NYSE® then applies a risk control methodology that makes daily adjustments to the allocations between the selected Cool Stocks, U.S. Treasuries and an interest-free cash account. This daily re-allocation further reduces risk when markets are volatile, moving rapidly up or down.






Key Terms


Cool stocks – Stocks that have been less frequently traded over the last two years and have had lower volatility over the last three months and one year.
Hot stocks – Stocks that have been the most frequently traded over the last two years and have had higher volatility over the last three months and one year.
Popularity – The tendency for some stocks to be traded more frequently than others because of name recognition or other factors.
Volatility – The daily price changes in a stock, up or down, which historically has been an indication of risk.















The power of selecting the cool stocks
While cool stocks often include lesser known companies, Ibbotson and his team at Zebra Capital Management have found that, on average, they also had a tendency to provide higher long-term returns. Hot stocks often include well-known brand names and, in general, had a tendency to experience higher volatility. The table below lists some examples of cool and hot stocks.








Hot and cool stocks based on the quarterly selection in November 2016. This is not a complete list of the selected stocks, which may change each selection and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any individual stock.








  













THE POTENTIAL BENEFIT OF AVOIDING HOT STOCKS
Over time, the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index’s approach of selecting the cool stocks would have provided a higher average annual return than the hot stocks that were eliminated.







NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index
5.43% Annual Return






HOT STOCKS
4.63% Annual Return






Performance period from 7/6/00 to 12/31/16. Compound annual returns for the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index and a non-risk controlled hot stocks strategy that is equally weighted. The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index was established on 10/11/16. Performance for the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index is back-tested by applying the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index strategy, which was designed with the benefit of hindsight, to historical financial data. A non-risk controlled hot stocks strategy could provide higher returns during certain periods of time. Back-tested performance is hypothetical and has been provided for informational purposes only. Past performance is not indicative of nor does it guarantee future performance.





















Cool stocks may provide lower risk with higher returns
The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index would have provided consistent returns over a variety of market environments through the cool stock selection process. The graph below shows how the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index would have provided 106% higher compound annual returns than the S&P 500® Price Index with 24% of the volatility.3









Source: NYSE® and S&P Dow Jones®. From 7/6/00 to 12/31/16. The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index was established on 10/11/2016. Performance for the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index is back-tested by applying the NYSEZebra Edge™ Index strategy, which was designed with the benefit of hindsight, to historical financial data. Certain components of the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index were unavailable before 7/6/00. Back-tested performance is hypothetical and has been provided for informational purposes only. The S&P 500® Price Index results are actual for the full period and are not risk controlled. Past performance is not indicative of nor does it guarantee future performance. The NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index could underperform relative to other equity investment strategies. The hypothetical data includes index transaction fees.








  















1 Source: The Equity Risk Premium, 2006.
2 The 500 largest publicly traded companies in the United States as represented by the NYSE® U.S. Large Cap Equal Weight Index. The stock selection process occurs in February, May, August and November.
3 Volatility based on standard deviation of the daily price changes in each index from 7/6/00 to 12/31/16.
This page was designed to provide information on the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index and should be used in conjunction with the Nationwide New Heights® fixed indexed annuity materials. It does not describe the New Heights product or historical crediting rates of the product. For more information on New Heights, please ask your financial professional for a product brochure. Fixed indexed annuities are not an investment and do not directly invest in the stock market or any index.
This material is not a recommendation to buy, sell, hold, or roll over any asset, adopt a financial strategy or use a particular account type. It does not take into account the specific investment objectives, tax and financial condition or particular needs of any specific person. Clients should work with their financial professional to discuss their specific situation.
Nationwide New Heights, an individual, single purchase payment, deferred fixed indexed annuity is issued by Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company, Columbus, Ohio. New Heights does not directly participate in the stock market or any index. It is not possible to invest in an index. Withdrawals are subject to income tax, and withdrawals before age 59½ may be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty.
Annuities have limitations. They are long-term vehicles designed for retirement purposes. They are not intended to replace emergency funds, to be used as income for day-to-day expenses or to fund short-term savings goals. Please read the contract for complete details.
Guarantees and protections are subject to the claims-paying ability of Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company.
The marks NYSE®, NYSE Arca® are registered trademarks of NYSE Group, Inc., Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (“ICE”) or their affiliates. The marks Zebra® and Zebra Edge™ are trademarks of Zebra Capital Management, LLC, may not be used without prior authorization from Zebra Capital Management, LLC, and are being utilized by NYSE under license and agreement.
ICE owns all intellectual and other property rights to the NYSE® Zebra Edge® Index (the “Index”), including the composition and the calculation of the Index, excluding the concept, methodology, formulas and algorithms for the Index. Zebra Capital Management, LLC owns all intellectual and other property rights to the concept, methodology, formulas and algorithms for the Index, which are being used by NYSE Group, Inc. under license from Zebra Capital Management, LLC (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “Zebra”).
The Index has been licensed by NYSE Group, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “NYSE”) to UBS AG and sub-licensed by UBS AG (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “UBS”) to Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company (“Nationwide”). Neither Nationwide nor a Nationwide New Heights® Fixed Indexed Annuity (the “Product”) is sponsored, operated, endorsed, recommended, sold or promoted by Zebra, NYSE or UBS. Neither Zebra, NYSE nor UBS makes any representation or gives any warranty, express or implied, regarding the advisability or possible benefits of purchasing the Product or any other financial product. Clients should undertake their own due diligence and seek appropriate professional advice before purchasing any financial product, including the Product.
The Index and other information disseminated by NYSE are for informational purposes only, are provided on an “as is” basis, and are not intended for trading purposes. Neither Zebra nor NYSE makes any warranty, express or implied, as to, without limitation, (i) the correctness, accuracy, reliability or other characteristics of the Index, (ii) the results to be obtained by any person or entity from the use of the Index for any purpose, or (iii) relating to the use of the Index and other information covered by the Product, including, but not limited to, express or implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or use, title or non-infringement. NYSE does not warrant that the Index will be uninterrupted and is under no obligation to continue compiling, calculating, maintaining or sponsoring the Index.
The Index (including the concept, methodology, formulas and algorithms therefor) has been designed and is compiled, calculated, maintained and sponsored without regard to any financial products that reference the Index (including the Product), any licensee, sub-licensor or sub-licensee of the Index, any client or any other person. Zebra, NYSE and UBS may independently issue and/or sponsor other indices and products that are similar to and/or may compete with the Index and the Product. Zebra, NYSE and UBS may also transact in assets referenced in the Index (or in financial instruments such as derivatives that reference those assets), including those which could have a positive or negative effect on the value of the Index and the Product.
None of Zebra, NYSE or UBS shall bear any responsibility or liability, whether for negligence or otherwise, with respect to (i) any inaccuracies, omissions, mistakes or errors in the concept, methodology, formulas or algorithms for, or computation of, the Index (and shall not be obligated to advise any person of and/or to correct any such inaccuracies, omissions, mistakes or errors), (ii) the use of and/or reference to the Index by Zebra, NYSE, UBS or any other person in connection with any financial product or otherwise, or (iii) any economic or other loss which may be directly or indirectly sustained by any client or other person dealing with any such financial product or otherwise. Any client or other person dealing with such financial products does so, therefore, in full knowledge of this disclaimer and can place no reliance whatsoever on Zebra, NYSE or UBS nor bring claims, actions or legal proceedings in any manner whatsoever against any of them.
The “S&P 500” is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”), and has been licensed for use by Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company (“Nationwide”). Standard & Poor’s®, S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); DJIA®, The Dow®, Dow Jones® and Dow Jones Industrial Average are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Nationwide. Nationwide New Heights® Fixed Indexed Annuity is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates, and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500.
Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, Nationwide is on your side, and Nationwide New Heights are service marks of the Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. © 2017 Nationwide



































© 2017 Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company | All Rights Reserved














 









 

NYSE Zebra IndexThe New York Stock ExchangeICENYSEAboutContactSearchCloseNo results foundHomepageLoginList OverviewWhy NYSEMarket ModelNYSE ServicesNetworkGlobal VisibilityMaking the MoveTransferring to the NYSEInternational ListingsGet StartedIPO KitWhat to ListReference MaterialsSustainabilitySustainable Stock Exchange InitiativeWFESustainability GuidelinesListed Company ResourcesIntercontinental Exchange Sustainability


Learn More About NYSE ConnectOffering Data and Analytics to Support Your IR Program



Listings Resources

IPO Center
Company Resources
Listing Fees
Standards
Forms
NYSE Connect
Listings Manager
Bell Calendar
 Events Space



Contact Us


TradeOverviewNYSE Trading Information Market InformationMembershipEquitiesNYSE AmericanTrading InformationMarket InformationMembershipEquitiesNYSE Arca OptionsTrading InformationMarket InformationMembershipOptionsMarket ResourcesMarket Notices Report CenterLiquidity ProgramsNYSE Arca EquitiesTrading InformationMarket InformationMembershipETFsNYSE American OptionsTrading InformationMarket InformationMembershipOptionsNYSE BondsTrading InformationMarket InformationMembershipBondsProductsEquitiesExchange Traded Funds (ETFs)OptionsBonds

Trading Resources

Hours
Trader Updates
Market Status
Order Types
Fees
Listings Directories
ETFs
Binary Options/ByRDs



Help Desk


DataOverviewProprietary Market DataReal-Time DataIndices DataHistorical DataReference DataMortgage DataPricing, Policies, Contracts & GuidelinesTech & ConnectivitySFTINYSE Data Centers Specs & Other Connectivity OptionsPillarNYSE ConnectIndicesFamiliesTypesReportsRebalance ScheduleRulesListed QuotesStocksETFsIndicesOptionsData & Tech ResourcesData Services DashboardIP AddressesCapacity StatsAcademicsData & Tech DocumentsProprietary Market DataConnectivity & Colocation

Additional Resources

Transactions, Statistics, and Data Library
CTA
Market Reports



Contact Us


InsightsThe ExchangeExchange News & AdvocacyExchange Traded Funds (ETFs)Listings & IPOSTech & InnovationVenture CapitalMedia CenterThe Bell

access the corporate bond market



A Look Into the Future



IPO Market Fuels Economic Growth

RegulationOverviewNYSECurrently ListedIssuers Seeking to ListRules and Disciplinary ActionsNYSE AmericanCurrently ListedSeeking to ListRules and Disciplinary ActionsNYSE Arca EquitiesCurrently ListedIssuers Seeking to ListRules and Disciplinary ActionsNYSE Arca OptionsRules and Disciplinary ActionsNYSE American OptionsRules and Disciplinary ActionsNYSE NationalRules

Regulation Resources

Delistings
Noncompliant Issuers
Rule Filings
Rule Interpretations
Regulation SHO
Disciplinary Actions





Scroll to TopNYSE Indices NYSE ZEBRA EDGE INDEX
OverviewQ & ASector BreakdownContact


NYSE Indices has partnered with Zebra Capital to offer the NYSE Zebra Edge Index™.
Zebra Capital Management, LLC is an independent investment management firm managing equity-focused investment strategies. Founded in 2001 by Roger Ibbotson, Professor Emeritus of Finance at Yale University, Zebra has successfully combined his leading-edge research and scientific methods with decades of direct trading, risk management, and operational experience. Zebra's strategies seek to generate superior performance without incurring additional volatility.
Early in his career, Professor Roger Ibbotson realized that for different asset classes — like stocks, bonds and cash — more risk generally offers more return. When he looked specifically at stocks, the relationship wasn’t there — riskier stocks did not offer higher returns.
Ibbotson found his answer in popularity. The most popular and frequently traded stocks tend to provide below average returns. Ibbotson believed that stocks that were less popular had a better opportunity for returns.
The NYSE Zebra Edge Index (“The Zebra Index”) is designed by Ibbotson and his team at Zebra Capital to leverage the opportunity of less popular stocks and provide an opportunity for consistent long-term returns through bull and bear markets.


Key Terms
Cool stocks – Stocks that have experienced lower trading frequency over the last two years and lower volatility over the last three months and one year.
Hot stocks – Stocks that have experienced the highest trading frequency over the last two years and the highest volatility over the last three months and one year.


For more information on the NYSE Zebra Edge Index, please contact the NYSE Index team.

EMAIL US







NYSE ZEBRA EDGE INDEX
The NYSE Zebra Edge® Index won Structured Retail Product’s Americas Award 2017 for Proprietary Index of the Year, Americas. The index was developed with Roger Ibbotson and Zebra Capital, and is exclusively available with the Nationwide New Heights® Fixed Index Annuities, in partnership with UBS and Annexus.






Video
The Launch of Zebra Edge Index
Listen to Zebra Capital Management, LLC Founder and Chief Investment Officer, Roger Ibbotson, discuss the New Zebra Edge Index 
Watch Now



Q&AROGER IBBOTSON FOUNDER AND CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER OF ZEBRA CAPITAL
Tell us about the NYSE Zebra Edge Index.
You know, all of the things are connected or combined together for me because all of my life I’ve been putting together academic thought, and with it its implementation into practical investments.  And so we developed the NYSE Zebra Edge Indices for the express purpose of capturing ways to get higher returns with lower volatility.


How does your recent research into “popularity” relate to your stocks and bonds research?
I’ve done a lot of work over the years on stocks, bonds, and bills of inflation – or SBBI – studying the risk and return relationships, and how the long term equity markets have performed.
Popularity, actually, adds a whole new dimension to this, because, in the case of popularity, we are looking at ways to actually get higher returns with lower volatility. So this is a great way to mix the two lines of work for me.


Tell us about popularity. Can you define that for us?
Popularity is avoiding the hot stocks and actually considering those cool stocks. The problem with those hot stocks is they’re too popular. And being too popular, that means, that we get too excited about them and they end up being too overpriced, really.


How do you measure popularity?
We measure popularity by looking at how much interest, how much tangible interest is in a stock. And you can see this by the trading volume. Stocks that trade too much are too popular and tend to be too highly priced.


Does popularity apply to all markets, even international markets?
Popularity applies to all types of markets – many types of stock and bond markets, real estate, anything. Anything that gets too popular – that people get too excited about – that may end up with too high of a price. We’ve specifically looked at a lot of international stock markets and I have to say that in almost every country that we looked at, the stocks that have a higher trading volume actually have lower returns.


How does it feel to be here at the New York Stock Exchange?
It's really exciting to be on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange where I’ll be ringing the Bell, and it's especially interesting because the ringing of the Bell will be connected with our new product launch, the NYSE Zebra Edge Indices.JOHN J. HOLMGREN PRESIDENT OF ZEBRA CAPITALWhat do you think increased interest of “Smart Beta” strategies?
Investors are investing in smart beta to capture long-term premiums and the way they're doing that is looking at existing traditional indices that are cap-weighted, reweighting based upon the factor that they want to identify or they want to get the return from. The problem is that the factors become popular or the premiums become popular, and people invest in what’s popular.
The key to success in investing in these types of strategies is to invest in the less popular premiums—typically they’re underpriced.


Why are you excited to be here today?
The NYSE Zebra Edge Equity Indices are designed to capture the popularity premium while maintaining a low volatility profile. We’re very excited about doing these as it’s the first time we’re able to put together Roger’s research in these types of indices for investors to consider.
We at Zebra Capital are very excited to be working with the New York Stock Exchange creating these indices, which will hopefully provide investors with a great opportunity.View Current Performance
Index Sector Breakdown

Related DocumentsNYSE Zebra Edge Index Fact SheetNYSE Zebra Edge Index BrochureNYSE LAUNCHES SMART BETA INDEX WITH ROGER IBBOTSON AND ZEBRA CAPITALContact UsFor more information on the NYSE Zebra Edge Index, please contact the NYSE Index team.EMAIL US






American Beacon


































Site Map
Contact Us
Careers
Account / Site Login
Quick Links




Daily NAVs
Daily Money Mkt Details
Month-End Performance
Monthly Dividends


Holdings
Prospectuses / Literature
Register for E-Delivery






   

   











Resource Center



Thought Capital


Literature and Applications


Tax and Dividend Center


Sales Charges and Expenses


Cost Basis Solutions Website


Register for E-Delivery





Products



Mutual Funds


Separate Account Management


Enhanced Cash Portfolios


Alternative Investment Funds





About Us



Why Manager of Managers


Why We Stand Apart


Management Team


Meet Our Sub-Advisors


News








Mutual Funds





 Back to the list of all funds
American Beacon Zebra Small Cap Equity Fund
Portfolio information as of March 31, 2017



Summary
Performance
Overview


 





Investment Objective
The Fund’s investment objective is long-term capital appreciation. The Fund seeks its objective by investing primarily in equity securities of small market capitalization companies.
 


ECONOMIC INTELLIGENCE
Zebra Capital Management, the Fund's  sub-advisor, is a privately owned investment company founded by Yale University  professor and pioneering investment researcher Roger Ibbotson, which pursues  investment strategies based on systematically exploiting market characteristics  supported by basic economic principles.                
Firm inception: 2001
Portfolio Managers: 

Roger  Ibbotson, chief investment officer; 
                  industry since 1975
Eric  Stokes, portfolio manager; 
                  industry since 1992

the benefits of unpopular stocks
The Fund’s manager seeks out less popular stocks among small-capitalization equities, taking positions in companies that have strong fundamentals but do not trade as frequently as similar issues.

Less popular stocks can often capture a “liquidity
                    premium,” defined as the additional return that may be realized on the sales of securities that are less liquid at the time of purchase.
The manager’s research shows that highly traded, more liquid stocks tend to be priced at a premium, while less popular and less liquid stocks are priced at a discount, thus having higher expected appreciation.
These  issues may be fundamentally sound stocks that are less frequently traded  because they have temporarily fallen out of favor. 






Total Fund Assets
$39.6 Million
               	     
Sub-Advisor (%)



Zebra Capital Management, LLC
                                      100.0
                                  



 


FUND overview flyer*


Liquidity: The Undiscovered, Underappreciated Investment Style



*For investment professional use only. Login required.
                


 
 


Symbols and NAVs



ClassSymbolNAV*

AAZSAX16.46

InvestorAZSPX16.45

InstitutionalAZSIX16.53

YAZSYX16.66

CAZSCX15.81





*NAV values as of: 
                7/21/2017
                Historical NAVs are viewable from the Daily NAVs page.
                
 

Quarterly
                Fund Materials

Fact SheetSecurity Attribution*Fund Performance Flyer*
  *For investment professional use only. Login required.
 

QUICK LINKS

Holdings
Prospectus 
                  and Fund Reports




 


Investing in small-capitalization stocks may involve greater volatility and lower liquidity than
larger company stocks. Investing in foreign securities may involve heightened risk due to
currency fluctuations and economic and political risks. At times, certain securities may have
limited marketability and may be difficult to sell. The use of futures contracts for cash
management may subject the Fund to losing more money than invested. The Fund may
participate in a securities lending program. Please see the prospectus for a complete
discussion of the Fund’s risks. There can be no assurances that the investment objectives of
this Fund will be met.
For a prospectus containing more information, including expenses, click here. Read it carefully before you invest or send money. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
American Beacon Funds and American Beacon Zebra Small Cap Equity Fund are service marks of American Beacon Advisors, Inc. 

 


TOTAL RETURNS Share Class Inception Date Prior Class Inception Date CUSIP Symbol NAV QTR YTD 1 Year 3 Year* 5 Year* 10 Year / SinceInception*Institutional06/01/2010 024524613AZSIX16.00-0.31-0.3124.809.0413.4414.36Investor06/01/2010 024524647AZSPX15.94-0.38-0.3824.348.6413.0213.93Y06/01/2010 024524654AZSYX16.13-0.31-0.3124.658.9313.3414.25A (without max sales charge)06/01/2010 024524662AZSAX15.95-0.37-0.3724.328.6012.9613.86A (with max sales charge)06/01/2010 024524662AZSAX15.95-6.12-6.1217.186.4711.6312.87C (without max sales charge)09/01/2010Inv 6/1/10024524365AZSCX15.35-0.58-0.5823.407.7612.0913.02C (with max sales charge)09/01/2010Inv 6/1/10024524365AZSCX15.35-1.58-1.5822.407.7612.0913.02




BenchmarkQTRYTD1 Year3 Year*5 Year*10 Year /SinceInception*

Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index
2.15

2.15

23.30

7.23

11.97

13.23


Russell 2000 Index
2.47

2.47

26.22

7.22

12.35

13.50


Russell 2000 Value Index
-0.13

-0.13

29.37

7.62

12.54

12.80




 
Expense Ratios



Share ClassGrossNet1

Institutional
1.54

0.90


Investor
1.75

1.28


Y
1.59

1.00


A
1.91

1.30


C
2.66

2.05






Performance shown is historical and is not indicative of future returns. Investment returns and principal value will vary, and shares may be worth more or less at redemption than at original purchase. Performance shown is as of date indicated, and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. To obtain performance as of the most recent month end, click here.
1The net expense ratio may reflect fees and expenses that American Beacon Advisors has contractually agreed to reduce and/or reimburse through December 31, 2017.
Important Information: All investing involves risks, including the possible loss of principal. Indexes are unmanaged and one cannot invest  directly in an index.
		A portion of fees charged to each Class of the Fund has been waived since inception.
Performance prior to waiving fees was lower than actual returns shown since inception.
Specific information about any Fund may be found at americanbeaconfunds.com or in the
prospectus.

*Annualized. 
The Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index tracks the results of the 30 largest mutual funds in the Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds category. Lipper is an independent mutual fund research and ranking service. The Russell 2000® Index is an unmanaged index comprised of approximately 2,000 smaller-capitalization stocks from various industrial sectors. The Russell 2000® Value Index is  an unmanaged index of those stocks in the Russell 2000 Index with lower  price-to-book ratios and lower forecasted growth values. The Russell 2000 and  Russell 2000 Value Indexes are registered trademarks of Frank Russell Company.
American Beacon Funds and American Beacon Zebra Small Cap Equity Fund are service marks of American Beacon Advisors, Inc.


 




Sector Weightings (%)



Financials
                              22.6
                          

Information Technology
                              18.6
                          

Industrials
                              16.5
                          

Health Care
                              11.7
                          

Consumer Discretionary
                              11.5
                          

Real Estate
                              7.9
                          

Materials
                              3.7
                          

Consumer Staples
                              3.2
                          

Utilities
                              2.8
                          

Energy
                              1.1
                          

Telecommunication Services
                              0.3
                          



May not equal 100% due to rounding.
 


 Portfolio Statistics
 


Forward Price-to-Earnings Ratio (P/E)
16.3


Price-to-Book Ratio (P/B)
2.2



1-Year ROE
14.6

Weighted Average Market Cap ($)
1,558,000

 
3-Year Risk Summary
 


R2
0.91


Alpha
2.64


Beta
0.88


Sharpe Ratio
0.61


Standard Deviation
14.6


 
 


Top 10 Holdings (%)



Enstar Group Ltd.
                              1.8
                          

Sanmina Corp.
                              1.7
                          

Columbia Sportswear Co.
                              1.5
                          

West Corp.
                              1.4
                          

National General Holdings Corp.
                              1.3
                          

Deluxe Corp.
                              1.3
                          

j2 Global, Inc.
                              1.2
                          

Syntel, Inc.
                              1.2
                          

Selective Insurance Group, Inc.
                              1.2
                          

Grand Canyon Education, Inc.
                              1.2
                          

Total Fund Holdings:
                              284
                          



 



 
 
Asset Allocation (%)



Equity
                              96.4
                          

Cash Equivalent
                              3.6
                          



The Fund may purchase and sell futures contracts to gain market exposure on cash balances.

 
 
 


The P/E Ratio of a stock is calculated by dividing the current price by forecasted
          12-month earnings per share. The P/B Ratio of a stock is calculated by dividing the
          current price by book value per share. Return on Equity (ROE) is net income divided by net worth. R-squared (R2) is the percentage of the Fund’s three-year return that is
          explained by movements in its benchmark index. Alpha is a measure of the Fund’s
          expected performance versus the benchmark, adjusted for relative risk. Beta is a
          measure of the Fund’s volatility versus the benchmark. Sharpe Ratio is a measure of
          the Fund’s return per unit of total risk. Standard Deviation is a measure of the
          historical volatility of the Fund’s returns.
The Growth of $10,000 graph shows a fund's performance based on how $10,000 invested in
the fund would have grown over time with dividends reinvested.

American Beacon Funds and American Beacon Zebra Small Cap Equity Fund are service marks of American Beacon Advisors, Inc.

 
 

 




MY ACCOUNT




Login



INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS

SHAREHOLDERS












User Name:





*




Password:





*



















Register Account/Forgotten Password




                    Shareholders of American Beacon Funds can use the link below to access their accounts:
Shareholder Login*
Call Shareholder Services at 800-658-5811 option 1 during business hours if you have any questions.
*Links to a non-American Beacon site





© 2012 American Beacon Advisors. All rights reserved. American 
        Beacon Funds and American Beacon Select Funds are distributed by Foreside Fund Services LLC.







  


All rights reserved © 2017 American Beacon Advisors, Inc. | Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC

Site Map
Careers
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers
Prospectuses





