                           Ernesto Zedillo: Mexico can thrive without Trump - The Washington Post                                                                      2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                    Opinions Ernesto Zedillo: Mexico can thrive without Trump            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                  Donald Trump walks with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto in Mexico City. (Dario Lopez-Mills/Associated Press)   By Ernesto Zedillo  By Ernesto Zedillo  January 27      Ernesto Zedillo, a professor in the field of international economics and politics at Yale University, was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000.        The Mexican government has been courteous toward Donald Trump, as both a candidate and now U.S. president. Indeed, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has paid a high political cost at home for his being open to working constructively with President Trump. But Peña Nieto has done the right thing by putting the interests of Mexico and the preservation of mutually beneficial relations with our neighbor above his personal popularity. Nevertheless, the time has come to admit that the actions of the new administration have closed off, at least for the foreseeable future, the possibility of any agreement being achieved through dialogue and negotiation that could satisfy the interests of both parties. This is an unfortunate and sad situation, but the effort to accommodate President Trump’s capricious wishes has proven worthless and should not be continued. It is not useful for Mexico or the United States.      (Zoeann Murphy/The Washington Post)   In retrospect, the probability of reaching a mutually beneficial agreement on the topics on President Trump’s Mexico agenda was always small, considering that his demands have defied legal and economic rationality all along. For example, President Trump’s aspiration to renegotiate NAFTA stems from the incorrect idea that the trade balance between the two countries originates in Mexican advantages built into NAFTA and that a trade balance, if positive for Mexico, means the automatic transfer of jobs from the United States to its southern partner. Both concepts are mistaken. Equally erroneous is President Trump’s failure to account for how modern transportation systems and information technology have changed international trade. This progress has created sophisticated supply chains that deliver products and services, including new ones, at low prices. Given its amazing technological and entrepreneurial capacity, the United States has been the main beneficiary of this new way of organizing international production and trade. Many American firms are able to compete successfully around the world with those from Europe and Asia, and therefore can provide high-quality, good-paying U.S. jobs, precisely because they are free to develop links along their supply chains in places such as Mexico — in this case thanks to NAFTA. That’s why it should have been evident from the start that it would be impossible to accommodate President Trump’s objective of balancing the trade account with Mexico by tweaking NAFTA alone. If President Trump remains obsessed with that wrongheaded objective, Mexico should take that as a wish to kill NAFTA, which of course is something that he has the legal ability to do. It would be a waste of time for the Mexican government to play a NAFTA-tweaking game with the Trump administration. Only if the U.S. government submits a serious and clear agenda of NAFTA-related points, consistent with the interests of the two countries, should Mexican authorities move to restart the dialogue. At this point, however, such a scenario is most unlikely, and the prudent thing would be to assume that President Trump will kill NAFTA. Of course, this would be costly for the two economies — and, at least initially, disproportionately so for Mexico. But such an outcome should not be cause for despair in my country. NAFTA has been an excellent instrument, but it is only one among many tools available to pursue the goals of economic growth and development. Unlike its northern neighbor, Mexico should reinforce its commitment to openness and sound economic policies. We cannot afford to do otherwise. Mexico can create new conditions that will keep, and even enhance, our standing as a good place for global companies to produce for our own and other important markets, not least the United States. We should reassure global companies, with concrete actions, that Mexico will remain open for business and that our government will not try to intimidate them or tell them what, where and how to produce. The current Mexican administration, which successfully launched incredibly ambitious economic reforms in its early years, should return to this reformist impulse. The end of NAFTA, as disruptive and costly as it would be in the short term, could be compensated for with the right set of policies.  Of course, as he has threatened, President Trump may wish to go beyond the cancellation of NAFTA and try to impose additional barriers on trade with Mexico. My country must be ready to use all legal instruments possible, particularly those provided by the World Trade Organization, to contest any arbitrary and illegal action. President Trump could even entertain the withdrawal of the United States from that central arbiter of international trade disputes, at which point the Mexican issue would become a global problem that would have to be confronted by the full international community. As for President Trump’s border wall: Obviously there is little the Mexican government can do to encourage more enlightened U.S. immigration policies; these are strictly a domestic matter, despite the consequences for other countries, including Mexico. But it’s clear that if economics counts, it is far better to make good laws than pernicious walls. Those laws must support a well-functioning U.S. labor market without providing incentives for a black market of undocumented low-skilled workers. Of course, repeating this to President Trump would be beside the point; the wall seems to be another of his obsessions vis-a-vis Mexico, and it’s none of Mexico’s business if the U.S. government wants to add to its national debt by building a white elephant on its own territory. What we reject, under any circumstances, is any attempt to use a single inch of our territory to build such an abominable structure. All Mexicans are behind President Peña Nieto when he tells President Trump that we will not pay for his extravagant, offensive and useless project.   Read more on this topic:   The Post’s View: Trump is starting a trade war we don’t need   Marc A. Thiessen: Yes, Trump can make Mexico pay for the border wall. Here’s how.   The Post’s View: Mexico will pay for that wall . . . eventually?   David Ignatius: Trump is his administration’s own worst enemy on foreign policy   The Post’s View: Closing doors on trade isn’t smart negotiating          opinions   Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      true     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢             Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                                Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1    Opinion  The clock may have just run out on the White House press corps       2    Opinion  This presidency can’t be saved. It’s all downhill from here.       3    Analysis  No matter what he does, history says Trump will never be popular       4   Read Anthony Scaramucci’s old tweets. You’ll understand why he deleted them.       5    Opinion  No, Trump can’t pardon himself. The Constitution tells us so.            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   opinions       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     


The trials of Ernesto Zedillo | The Economist






























 

 











 Our cookie policy has changed.  Review our cookies policy for more details and to change your cookie preference.By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 


 



 



 



 



 



 






More from The EconomistThe Economist digital editions
Newsletters
Events
Jobs.Economist.com
The Economist Store
Timekeeper reading list

My SubscriptionSubscribe to The Economist
Activate my digital subscription
Manage my subscription
Renew

Log in or register
Subscribe





Search this site:








 
  




 
 







Mexico and justice
The trials of Ernesto Zedillo
An American court is preparing to judge the man who brought democracy to Mexico for war crimes. The case looks like a settling of political scores



      Sep 1st 2012    
          | MEXICO CITY




Add this article to your reading list by clicking this button




Tweet
 





BY THE time the shooting had finished, 45 men, women and children lay dead or dying deep in the jungle. The massacre at Acteal, a hamlet in Chiapas, was the worst single act of violence during the unrest that shook Mexico’s far south in the 1990s. Zapatista guerrillas had declared war on the federal government on New Year’s Day, 1994. The fighting was brief, but sympathisers on each side then used the conflict to settle differences over land, religion and much else. The government’s supposed ties to the killers who on December 22nd 1997 opened fire on Acteal, a place mainly sympathetic to the Zapatistas, have never been fully established.
Nearly 15 years later, the Acteal murders could be tried in a court 2,000 miles away in Connecticut. Ernesto Zedillo, who was Mexico’s president from 1994 to 2000, is now a professor at Yale University. His residence in the state has given ten Tzotzil-speaking Indians, who claim to be survivors of the 1997 massacre, an opportunity to sue him in a civil court in the United States. They are seeking about $50m and a declaration of guilt against Mr Zedillo.

In this sectionThe trials of Ernesto Zedillo
Talking about talks
A tragedy foretold
Reprints 
Many people in Mexico contend that, rather than a search for justice, the case looks like a settling of political scores. By presiding over the full democratisation of his country, Mr Zedillo angered sections of his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), which for decades had a monopoly of power. He broke two of the unwritten rules of the PRI’s authoritarian regime. He drove through reforms that allowed free and fair elections, and quickly acknowledged the party’s defeat in 2000. And he struck against his predecessor, Carlos Salinas. Mr Zedillo’s administration ordered the arrest of Raúl Salinas, the previous president’s brother, on charges of illicit enrichment and complicity in the murder of his ex-brother-in-law, a PRI official. After he had spent ten years in jail, he was absolved of all the charges, although Swiss authorities confiscated $74m they said had been obtained illicitly.
The plaintiffs in the Acteal case allege that Mr Zedillo assisted, or turned a blind eye to, paramilitary groups of villagers organised by the army to suppress the Zapatistas. They say that during several Mexican investigations into the massacre, none of which has ever fingered Mr Zedillo, he conspired to cover up the crimes.
Mr Zedillo’s lawyers say that the president had nothing to do with the atrocity, for which scores of people, including some low-level officials, were convicted (though Mexico’s Supreme Court later quashed 36 of the convictions). They also assert Mr Zedillo’s right to legal immunity for acts committed while carrying out his duties as head of state. America’s State Department must decide before September 7th whether to recommend immunity.
It is not clear which side it will come down on. The Obama administration has no particular desire to try a highly respected former president of a neighbouring country that is sensitive about its sovereignty. Mexico’s government has said that the United States has no business judging matters that took place outside its territory and do not involve Americans. The administration appears hesitant about the idea of universal jurisdiction in civil suits. It said that a group of Nigerians could sue Shell, an Anglo-Dutch oil group, in an American court, but later added that this did not apply to acts committed abroad.
After Zedillo, Calderón?
The decision will doubtless be closely watched by Felipe Calderón, Mexico’s current president, whose term ends on December 1st. His six-year war against Mexico’s drug mobs has made him many dangerous enemies. He is rumoured to be seeking a niche at an American university. If the action against Mr Zedillo goes ahead, somebody might try to sue Mr Calderón over the 60,000 or so deaths—some at the hands of federal forces—that have taken place during his crackdown on organised crime. But if Mr Zedillo is granted immunity, so might Mr Calderón be.
The case against Mr Zedillo has several odd features. For a start, the Tzotzil Indians have chosen to remain anonymous. That is unusual, and in Mexico would not be allowed. “I cannot remember an important human-rights case in which the plaintiffs are anonymous,” says Sergio Aguayo, an activist who has brought cases before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights. The plaintiffs’ lawyer, Roger Kobert, argues that they “stand in great fear of reprisals” and that anonymity was granted in a similar civil suit over the murder in 1980 of Archbishop Óscar Romero in El Salvador.
Court papers say that all ten plaintiffs are residents of Acteal. But people in Acteal suggest otherwise. The victims of the 1997 massacre were members of an indigenous-rights group called Las Abejas (“The Bees”). Porfirio Arias, who heads Las Abejas, says of the plaintiffs: “For us, these people do not exist.” Acteal is a hamlet of only about 40 families, according to Mr Arias; he is certain that none is involved. Las Abejas are hardly pro-Zedillo—in fact, they would like to see him face a criminal trial. That is one reason why they find the civil case strange. “Blood cannot be exchanged for money,” says Mr Arias. But he adds that there is no reason for anonymity. “We are not afraid of the government…the survivors don’t hide their faces.”
It is unclear how ten Tzotzil Indians from Mexico’s poorest state managed to bring the case in the first place. They are not publicly supported by any of the many NGOs that are devoted to such causes. Mr Kobert’s law firm, based in Miami, specialises in corporate law. It does not advertise any experience in human rights or in Mexico. But Mr Kobert says he was instructed because of his “substantial experience in litigating foreign sovereign immunity issues”. He says that the firm has taken the case on a no-win, no-fee basis. It has also hired a public-relations firm to publicise it.
Accusers anonymous
According to Mr Kobert, the ten plaintiffs were introduced to him by Mexican lawyers. But they, too, want to remain anonymous, he says. Those who work in Mexico’s human-rights world are puzzled. “I don’t know who these lawyers would be,” says Paulina Vega, a Mexican vice-president of the International Federation for Human Rights, a Paris-based NGO. “The case is a political battle between different factions of the PRI,” says Mr Arias.
Juan Collado, Carlos Salinas’s lawyer, has told The Economist that he “has no participation in this matter” and that he “has no personal contact” with the plaintiffs’ lawyers. Mr Kobert has told us he is aware of Mr Collado “in other contexts”, but that he cannot comment as to whether he is connected to the case. In an e-mail, Mr Salinas himself states that he doesn’t know the details of the case and that “I don’t know the lawyers for the parties.” He says he hopes the case is “fully supported in law and doesn’t obey political interests.” He also makes clear his disdain for his successor, referring us to his memoirs, in which he pins the blame for Mexico’s economic crisis of December 1994 on Mr Zedillo (who took office on December 1st) and accuses him of “treachery”.
The evidence marshalled against Mr Zedillo so far looks flimsy. A website set up for the plaintiffs’ lawyers lists a dozen exhibits, which include five press reports and a 1995 briefing note from Chase Manhattan bank. Mr Kobert says that he plans to call former federal officials as witnesses, but that they, too, must remain anonymous for now.
The Acteal97 website also includes a link to a report purportedly written by a Chiapas special prosecutor that blames Mr Zedillo for the massacre. Strangely, the report is undated. After it was published on the plaintiffs’ website, Chiapas’s attorney-general issued a statement saying that the document “lacks authenticity” and that “its origins and the ends that it pursues are unknown.” In any event, state prosecutors have power to investigate federal officials only for wrongs committed in a private capacity. “There’s something awry, it doesn’t make sense,” says Jonathan Freiman, Mr Zedillo’s lawyer.
Friends of Mr Zedillo say that he has nothing like $50m at his disposal. He has already had to shell out for his legal fees. His good name is also at stake. “Those who for one reason or another were politically opposed to the tremendous reforms that [Mr Zedillo] ushered in have reason to besmirch his reputation,” says Mr Freiman. He, too, does not name names. It is surprising that a case based on tendentious and serially anonymous accusations has even got this far.


This article appeared in  the The Americas section of the print edition 
 




Tweet
Submit to reddit


 



View all comments (31) 



 



Want more? Subscribe to The Economist and get the week's most relevant news and analysis. 


Print editionXSep 1st 2012Aug 25th 2012Aug 18th 2012Aug 11th 2012
Next in The world this weekXPolitics this week
Next in The world this weekXBusiness this week
Next in The world this weekXKAL's cartoon
Next in LeadersXPresident ObamaFour more years?A president who has had a patchy first term now needs to make a convincing case for a second one
Next in LeadersXChina’s economySlow boatsThe government has proved uncharacteristically hesitant to revive growth in China. That’s a good...
Next in LeadersXApple v SamsungiPhone, uCopy, iSueNot every innovation deserves a patent. Not every copycat deserves a punishment
Next in LeadersXAfrica, oil and the WestShow us the moneyAfricans need more transparency to benefit from their resource wealth
Next in LeadersXCentral bankingThe England jobThe search for the next Bank of England governor needs to extend beyond Britain
Next in LettersXLettersOn the Catholic church, OMEGA, the Scottish Enlightenment, carbon capture and storage, notaries, children
Next in BriefingXBarack Obama’s economic recordEnd-of-term reportThe president’s record is better than the woes of America’s economy suggests
Next in United StatesXThe Republican conventionRoused, but wary The party is already looking to fights beyond November
Next in United StatesXRon Paul’s campaignThe bitter endThe chaotic last hurrah of an idealist
Next in United StatesXHurricane IsaacBeyond the wallsThe latest storm tests the city’s defences, and its confidence
Next in United StatesXEducationMove over, DaltonThe first of a new breed of elite private school opens its doors
Next in United StatesXThe West Nile virusUninvitedInfectious diseases are creeping in from abroad
Next in United StatesXLexingtonAs North Dakota goes…How a conservative, elderly, rural state mirrors the mood of the country
Next in The AmericasXColombia and the FARCTalking about talksThis time negotiations might eventually bring peace
Next in The AmericasXVenezuela’s refinery disasterA tragedy foretoldA fatal refinery blast will not help Hugo Chávez
Next in AsiaXPolitics in KyrgyzstanAnother fallerA benighted country lurches from crisis to crisis
Next in AsiaXThe war in AfghanistanGreen-on-blue bluesAfghan soldiers increasingly turn on their NATO colleagues
Next in AsiaXThe Pacific Islands ForumMore stars than carsAmerica pivots on the Pacific periphery
Next in AsiaXSri Lanka’s universitiesShutteredLecturers go on strike, and the government has a drastic response
Next in AsiaXPolitics in IndiaCoalgate brushes dirtierA coal scandal exposes dysfunction in the ruling and opposition parties
Next in AsiaXIndia’s vanishing ParsisNot fade awayThe travails of a small but amazingly successful community
Next in AsiaXBanyanSnow dragonsAs the Arctic melts, Asia shudders at the risks but slavers at the opportunities
Next in ChinaXOfficial disciplinePolicing the partyThe Communist Party has its own law for officials who err
Next in ChinaXLabour campsDemanding justiceChinese citizens start to push for an end to forced labour without trial
Next in ChinaXInternational tourismHave yuan, will travelChina’s new middle class goes farther for its holidays
Next in Middle East and AfricaXThe conflict in SyriaWorse and worse, and no end in sightThe suffering of ordinary Syrians is increasing, as the stalemate persists
Next in Middle East and AfricaXEgypt’s foreign policyIndependent—or not?A new president heads in a new direction—or so he wants it to seem
Next in Middle East and AfricaXYemen and the United StatesDon’t drone onIt is uncertain whether America’s drones have their intended effect
Next in Middle East and AfricaXThe United Nations in AfricaRadio Ga GaA small radio station in Sierra Leone offers big lessons for the UN
Next in Middle East and AfricaXAngola’s electionBy hook or by crookLacking faith in its popularity, the ruling party bribes and bullies its opponents
Next in Middle East and AfricaXAngola’s heir apparentIt could be a long waitThe country’s leading oilman has raced up the greasy political pole
Next in EuropeXTurkish politicsErdogan’s counterproductive ambitionRecep Tayyip Erdogan is too focused on becoming Turkey’s next president
Next in EuropeXFrench politicsA return to normalityThe popularity of François Hollande and his prime minister has tumbled
Next in EuropeXThe euro crisisAnother southern frontAs Greece fights to stay in the euro, Spain moves closer to a bail-out
Next in EuropeXRussia and IslamThe end of peaceful coexistence?Until recently traditional Muslims and Salafists lived harmoniously side-by-side in Tatarstan. No...
Next in EuropeXCharlemagneHigh gloomDon’t expect the European Central Bank single-handedly to save the euro
Next in BritainXThe Bank of EnglandThe Old Lady bulks upBritain’s central bank is about to become even more powerful. Its new boss will find it harder to...
Next in BritainXThe politics of HeathrowThe air warA row over Heathrow has become a test of David Cameron’s political manhood
Next in BritainXPersonal dataShameless self-promotionBritain wants to lead the world in exploiting consumer data
Next in BritainXSeasonal farm workersPickyWho will pick British crops, if not East Europeans? Perhaps nobody
Next in BritainXElecting police commissionersSlouching towards democracyProblems for the government’s police reforms
Next in BritainXChanging LondonSelling outBrixton, once the heart of black Britain, is now a black shopping destination
Next in InternationalXRape lawsCrime and clarityWhether sex is rape depends partly on where it happens
Next in InternationalXCopyright and the internetLetting the baby danceNew copyright rules for the digital age
Next in InternationalXFood wasteClean platesToo much food gets thrown away
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorSweeping below deckRobotics: A marine robot uses sonar to scan for tiny limpet mines attached to a ship’s hull. But...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorA good kind of gas-guzzlingMilitary technology: New kinds of paint for military vehicles can detect, absorb and neutralise...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorEncouraging hydrophobiaMaterials science: A clever chemical trick offers a way to make fabrics more water-repellent and...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorYou, robot?Technology and regulation: A research project considers how the law should deal with technologies...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorCatching a few more raysEnergy technology: A new type of solar panel can turn infra-red light, not just the visible sort,...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorNo sow’s earMedical technology: Packing vaccines and other medicines into tiny silk purses could help them...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorSix degrees of mobilisationTechnology and society: To what extent can social networking make it easier to find people and solve...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorA silent healerMedical technology: Researchers have developed novel ways to tap the pharmacological potential of an...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXMonitorFlushed with prideTechnology and development: Each year 1.5m children die from diarrhoea. Better toilets could reduce...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXDifference engineLost in cyberspaceTechnology and society: Amid the explosive growth of digital content on the internet, little thought...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXEnergy weaponsZap, crackle and popMilitary technology: Energy weapons are finally moving from the laboratory to the real world. But...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXSolar lightingLighting the wayEnergy technology: Cheaper and better solar-powered electric lights promise to do away with...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXInside storyLook, no handsAutomotive technology: Driverless cars promise to reduce road accidents, ease congestion and...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXPhase-change memoryAltered statesComputing: Phase-change memory chips, an emerging storage technology, could soon dethrone flash...
Next in Technology QuarterlyXBrain scanA knight in digital armourChris Soghoian, the most prominent of a new breed of activist technology researchers, delights in...
Next in BusinessXApple v SamsungSwipe, pinch and zoom to the courtroomApple’s victory in its epic legal spat with Samsung has raised eyebrows among techies and lawyers...
Next in BusinessXStruggling smartphone-makersBiting back at AppleHTC, Nokia and Research in Motion fight to stay in the game
Next in BusinessXIndonesia’s car marketStuck in fifth gearDrivers defy the government and keep on buying cars
Next in BusinessXReviving India’s biggest fraud victimSecond lifeThree years after a devastating fraud, Satyam, a technology firm, is back
Next in BusinessXInitial public offeringsSuspiciously quietThe SEC rethinks the pre-IPO quiet period
Next in BusinessXGlobal express-package companiesAnd then there were three?Plans to merge two of the world’s big four express-package firms have raised competition worries
Next in BusinessXSchumpeterThose bloody ScandinaviansWhat the Nordic crime-writing boom says about globalisation
Next in Finance and economicsXPrivate equity in ChinaHony ahoyHony Capital wants to help Chinese firms go global
Next in Finance and economicsXThe global economy Summertime bluesThe slowdown is spreading around the world
Next in Finance and economicsXButtonwoodDemocracies and debtVoters are now facing a harsh truth
Next in Finance and economicsXBarclays’ new bossThe anti-BobA new chief executive signals a new emphasis on retail banking
Next in Finance and economicsXForeign banks in IndiaInto another countryForeign banks in India are being asked to head out into the sticks
Next in Finance and economicsXOnline paymentsVirtual springDigital-payment services are multiplying in the Middle East
Next in Finance and economicsXArt insurancePaint thresholdInsurers worry that too many valuable artworks are stored together
Next in Finance and economicsXFree exchange The geography of povertyWorking out how to help the world’s poorest depends on where they live
Next in Finance and economicsXCorrections: Mexico's stockmarket and inflation in India
Next in Science and technologyXThe arrow of timeBackward ran sentences…To the relief of physicists, time really does have a preferred direction
Next in Science and technologyXThe demographic transitionMore or lessWhy, as people get richer, do they have fewer children?
Next in Science and technologyXSpace liftsA lunatic idea?Building a lift to the moon’s surface might make routine visits feasible
Next in Science and technologyXBeer drinkingShape up!What sort of glass you drink from predicts how fast you drink
Next in Books and artsXThe restaurant businessEat upA successful restaurant involves more than just good food
Next in Books and artsXA history of powerThe mighty coinThe dominance of merchant values is the reason for today's financial crisis, argues David Priestland
Next in Books and artsXNew British fictionThe writer and the spyA clever book that leaves you cold
Next in Books and artsXPaul VolckerTall taleThe most influential central banker of the modern era
Next in Books and artsXOtters in the wildBeguiling carnivoresA muse to poets, a mystery to scientists
Next in Books and artsXA history of mapmakingViews of the worldThere is no such thing as an objective map
Next in ObituaryXNeil ArmstrongNeil Alden Armstrong, moon-walker, died on August 25th, aged 82
Next in Economic and financial indicatorsXOutput, prices and jobs
Next in Economic and financial indicatorsXTrade, exchange rates, budget balances and interest rates
Next in Economic and financial indicatorsXThe Economist commodity-price index
Next in Economic and financial indicatorsXArms sales to developing countries
Next in Economic and financial indicatorsXMarkets
Print editionXSep 1st 2012Sep 8th 2012Sep 15th 2012Sep 22nd 2012
From the print edition Sep 1st 2012
 







 





 



Comment (31)
Timekeeper reading list
Reprints & permissions
Print

 



 



 



Advertisement 



 



 



 




Follow The Economist



Facebook


Twitter


Linked in


Google plus


Tumblr


Instagram


YouTube


RSS


Newsletters



 




Latest updates »

 The tragic tale of Spicey: Donald Trump’s spokesman quits

Democracy in America
 July 22nd, 2:49



 Saying “no” to Erdogan: Turkey’s growing repression leads to a...

Europe
 July 21st, 16:28



 Daily chart: Two of the biggest dark-web markets have been shut down

Graphic detail
 July 21st, 16:19



 A new classic: Cerebral and tense, “Dunkirk” is a remarkable film

Prospero
 July 21st, 12:38



 The Economist explains: Can young blood really rejuvenate the old?

The Economist explains
 July 21st, 6:45



 Daily chart: In America, you are what you eat

Graphic detail
 July 20th, 17:27



 Steering the course: The Supreme Court says grandparents are exempt from...

Democracy in America
 July 20th, 15:24


More latest updates » 




Most commented


1Leaving the European UnionBritain faces up to Brexit2Dependent judiciary: Poland’s government is putting the courts under its control3That 1970s show: Britain: back to being the sick man of Europe?4The tragic tale of Spicey: Donald Trump’s spokesman quits5Teutonic tremors: Germany fears Donald Trump will divide Europe 






Advertisement 



 



 




Products and events

Test your EQ
Take our weekly news quiz to stay on top of the headlines



Want more from The Economist?
Visit The Economist e-store and you’ll find a range of carefully selected products for business and pleasure, Economist books and diaries, and much more






Advertisement 



 



 

 
 

Classified ads


 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 






Contact us
Help
My account
Subscribe
Print edition
Digital editions
Events
Jobs.Economist.com
Timekeeper saved articles



Sections

United States
Britain
Europe
China
Asia
Americas
Middle East & Africa
International
Business & finance
Economics
Markets & data
Science & technology
Special reports
Culture
Multimedia library

Debate and discussion

The Economist debates
Letters to the editor
The Economist Quiz



Blogs

Bagehot's notebook
Buttonwood's notebook
Democracy in America
Erasmus
Free exchange
Game theory
Graphic detail
Gulliver
Prospero
The Economist explains



Research and insights

Topics
Economics A-Z
Style guide
The World in 2016
Which MBA?
MBA Services
The Economist GMAT Tutor
The Economist GRE Tutor
Executive Education Navigator
Reprints and permissions

The Economist Group »

The Economist Intelligence Unit
The Economist Intelligence Unit Store
The Economist Corporate Network
Ideas People Media
1843 Magazine
Roll Call
CQ
EuroFinance
The Economist Store
Editorial Staff
Modern Slavery Statement

View complete site index »






 



 



 



 

 

































 


 




Ernesto Zedillo - Wikipedia






















 






Ernesto Zedillo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This name uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Zedillo and the second or maternal family name is Ponce de León.


Ernesto Zedillo



Zedillo in January 2013







54th President of Mexico


In office
1 December 1994 – 30 November 2000


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Secretary of Education


In office
7 January 1992 – 29 November 1993


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Manuel Bartlett


Succeeded by
Fernando Solana


Secretary of Programming and Budget


In office
1 December 1988 – 7 January 1992


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Pedro Aspe


Succeeded by
Rogelio Gasca





Personal details


Born
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León
(1951-12-27) 27 December 1951 (age 65)
Mexico City, Mexico


Political party
Institutional Revolutionary


Spouse(s)
Nilda Patricia Velasco


Children
Ernesto Zedillo
Emiliano Zedillo
Carlos Zedillo
Patricia Zedillo
Rodrigo Zedillo


Residence
New Haven, Connecticut


Alma mater
National Polytechnic Institute (IPN)
Yale University


Signature



Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León (Spanish pronunciation: [erˈnesto seˈðiʝo]; born 27 December 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He served as President of Mexico from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 2000, as the last of the uninterrupted 70-year line of Mexican presidents from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Since the ending of his term as president in 2000, Zedillo has been a leading voice on globalization, especially its impact on relations between developed and developing nations.
He is currently Director of the Center for the Study of Globalization at Yale University, is the Latin American co-chair of the Inter-American Dialogue, and is on the board of directors of Citigroup.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Political career


2 1994 presidential campaign
3 Presidency
4 1995 Zapatista Crisis

4.1 Mexico political background
4.2 Lacandon Jungle secret meeting
4.3 Subcomandante Marcos identity
4.4 The world first postmodern revolution
4.5 The military site
4.6 Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law
4.7 Restoration of the peace talks
4.8 Peace
4.9 Protocol
4.10 Other agenda
4.11 Secret meetings
4.12 The San Andrés Agreements
4.13 Executive decision
4.14 Release of the prisoners

4.14.1 Connecticut Trial




5 Post-presidency
6 See also
7 References
8 Sources
9 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Ernesto Zedillo was born on 27 December 1951 in Mexico City. His parents were Rodolfo Zedillo Castillo, a mechanic, and Martha Alicia Ponce de León. Seeking better job and education opportunities for their children, his parents moved to Mexicali, Baja California.[citation needed]
In 1965, at the age of 14, he returned to Mexico City. In 1969 he entered the National Polytechnic Institute, financing his studies by working in the National Army and Navy Bank (later known as Banjército). He graduated as an economist in 1972 and began lecturing. It was among his first group of students that he met his wife, Nilda Patricia Velasco, with whom he has five children: Ernesto, Emiliano, Carlos (formerly married to conductor Alondra de la Parra[1]), Nilda Patricia and Rodrigo.
In 1974, he pursued his master's and PhD studies at Yale University. His doctoral thesis was titled Mexico's Public External Debt: Recent History and Future Growth Related to Oil.[citation needed]
Political career[edit]
Zedillo began working in the Bank of Mexico (Mexico's central bank) as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, where he supported the adoption of macroeconomic policies for the country's improvement. By 1987, he was named deputy-secretary of Planning and Budget Control in the Secretariat of Budget and Planning. In 1988, at the age of 36, he headed that secretariat. During his term as Secretary, Zedillo launched a Science and Technology reform.
In 1992 he was appointed Secretary of Education by president Carlos Salinas. A year later he resigned to run the electoral campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, the PRI's presidential candidate.
1994 presidential campaign[edit]
Main article: Mexican general election, 1994




Vladimir Putin and Ernesto Zedillo, at the Millennium Summit, 2000


In 1994, after Colosio's assassination, Zedillo became one of the few PRI members eligible under Mexican law to take his place, since he had not occupied public office for some time.
The opposition blamed Colosio's murder on Salinas. Although the PRI's presidential candidates were always chosen by the current president, and thus Colosio had originally been Salinas' candidate, their political relationship had been affected by a famous speech during the campaign in which Colosio said that Mexico had many problems. It is also notable that the assassination took place after Colosio visited the members of the Zapatista movement in Chiapas and promised to open dialogue, something the PRI opposed.[citation needed]
After Colosio's murder, this speech was seen as the main cause of his break with the president.[citation needed] The choice of Zedillo was interpreted as Salinas' way of bypassing the strong Mexican political tradition of non-reelection and retaining real power, since Zedillo was not really a politician, but an economist (like Salinas), who clearly lacked the president's political talent and influence. It is unclear if Salinas had attempted to control Colosio, who was generally considered at that time to be a far better candidate.
Zedillo ran against Diego Fernández de Cevallos of the National Action Party and second-timer Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He won with 48.69% of popular vote, and became the last president to distinguish the 70-year PRI dynasty in México during the 20th century.
Presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum 2009






Ernesto Zedillo with Edmund Phelps, winner of the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, at the World Economic Forum's Summit on the Global Agenda 2008


A few days after taking office, one of the biggest economic crisis in Mexican history hit the country. Although it was outgoing President Salinas who was mainly blamed for the crisis, Salinas claimed that President Zedillo made a mistake by changing the economic policies held by his administration. The crisis ended after a series of reforms and actions led by Zedillo. US president Bill Clinton granted a US$20 billion loan to Mexico, which helped in one of Zedillo's initiatives to rescue the banking system.[2]
At first, Zedillo was regarded by many as a puppet-president, but any rumors of obedience to Salinas were silenced as soon as Raúl Salinas, the "inconvenient brother" of former president Carlos Salinas, was convicted of murder.
Zedillo's presidential motto was Bienestar para tu familia ("Well-being for your family"). His most enduring act of government was the creation of Progresa, a poverty-fighting program based on subsidizing the poorest families in Mexico, provided that their children went to school, later renamed Oportunidades (Opportunities) by president Vicente Fox.
Zedillo conducted an electoral reform, which lowered the influence of the PRI. In the 1997 elections, for the first time the PRI did not win the majority in Congress.
Zedillo also privatized the state railway company, Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México. This led to the suspension of passenger service in 1997. In 2000, Zedillo recognized the electoral victory of opposition candidate Vicente Fox before midnight on election day, paving the way for what seemed an unlikely change of power. For this reason some PRI members consider him a traitor, despite an 11-point advantage for PAN, claiming that the election was too close to admit defeat so soon and that in any event, the concession should have come from the PRI's candidate, Francisco Labastida, and not Zedillo.[citation needed]
Two massacres took place during the presidency of Zedillo: Aguas Blancas and Acteal. It was strongly suspected that top officers within Zedillo's cabinet (but not Zedillo himself) were involved,[who?] but none of them were ever indicted.
1995 Zapatista Crisis[edit]
Main article: 1995 Zapatista Crisis
Mexico political background[edit]
The previous months to Zedillo presidential inauguration, a wave of political motivated assassinations happened in Mexico to personalities such as Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo; front-runner presidential candidate Colosio of the PRI that Zedillo replaced as candidate for the election; José Francisco Ruiz Massieu, brother-in-law of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and PRI Secretary General, etc. So with the purpose to give credibility to the investigations of those political crimes and grant "a healthy distance", president Zedillo appointed Antonio Lozano Gracia a member of the opposition Political Party PAN as Attorney General of Mexico. With the purpose of promoting a different political agenda, this commission turned the law procedures into a systematic opposition of due process and justice. This caused serious problems for the Interior Government of President Zedillo that originated among the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
Lacandon Jungle secret meeting[edit]
On 5 January 1995 the Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma started a secret meeting process with Marcos called "Steps Toward Peace" that took place in the village of Guadalupe Tepeyac, belonging to the municipality of Pantelho, Chiapas. Important specific agreements that both parties agreed to comply where agreed, in which the Mexican army would withdraw of certain points, such as San Andres Larrainzar, and Marcos accepted a group of citizens to be involved in a formal negotiation to start in a couple of weeks. Because of the fast progress of the negotiations in the steps toward peace, the possibility of an agreement look very close: Marcos wrote, "Unemployment threatens me."[3][4]
Subcomandante Marcos identity[edit]
Main article: Subcomandante Marcos
During the investigative stage in the identification of Subcomandante Marcos, the Mexican government speculated that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla fighter. This theory gained much traction at the end of 1994, after the dissident Zapatista Comandante Salvador Morales Garibay revealed the identities of his former fellow Zapatistas to the Mexican government, among them Marcos. »[5] They all were indicted for terrorism, arrest warrants were issued, and arrests were made in a military action. »[6] There was a storm of political pressure clamoring for a fast military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 9 February 1995, in a televised special presidential broadcast, President Ernesto Zedillo announced the identity of Subcomandante Marcos as Rafael Guillén, born 19 June 1957 in Tampico, Tamaulipas to Spanish immigrants, a former Professor at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana School of Sciences and Arts. Max Appedole, an old friend and Instituto Cultural Tampico classmate of Rafael Guillén, played a major role with the Mexican government in avoiding a military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis, by demonstrating that contrary to the accusations announced by President Ernesto Zedillo, Rafael Guillén was no terrorist. »[7] Max Appedole recognized the literary style of all the Marcos manifestos that were published in the media and linked them to the literary tournaments organized by the Jesuits in which they competed in Mexico. The results convinced him beyond doubt that Marcos was his friend Rafael Guillén, a pacifist. »[8] »[9] »[10] [11] »[12]
The world first postmodern revolution[edit]
The Mexican Indian communities claims for centuries, they have being historically unattended by the a distant government, their claims had reach a critical point in which they decided they needed to let their voice be heard to find their place in Mexico, so the answers and solutions can be found or die trying.
Under the command of Marcos the Zapatista Army of National Liberation launched a social movement that give hope and vision to other native American people and other native people on earth under the similar historical situation. Organizing a social phenomena, now widely recognized as the world first postmodern revolution. »[13] »[14]
The military site[edit]
On 9 February 1995, in wake of having revealed the identity of Subcomandante Marcos, President Ernesto Zedillo made a series of counterproductive decisions that completely broke with the strategy and action plan that he had previously laid-out, including an agreement with then Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to compromise with Marcos, which was finalized a mere 3 days prior in Guadalupe Tepeyac. In fact, Zedillo chose the opposite extreme and sent the Mexican army to capture and annihilate Marcos, doing so without even having consulted his Secretary of Interior; without knowing exactly who Marcos was and only with the PGR's solitary presumption that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla, President Ernesto Zedillo decided to launch a military offence to capture or annihilate Marcos. »[15] Arrest warrants were signed for Marcos, Javier Elorriaga Berdegue, Silvia Fernández Hernández, Jorge Santiago, Fernando Yanez, German Vicente, Jorge Santiago and other Zapatistas. At the Lacandon Jungle with The PGR in pursuit, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation fell under siege by the Mexican Army. Javier Elorriaga was captured on 9 February 1995 in a military garrison at Gabina Velázquez in Las Margaritas, and later taken to the Cerro Hueco prison in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas. »[16] On 11 February 1995 the PGR announced that they had executed a coordinated operation in the State of Mexico, whereby they were able to capture 14 persons allegedly involved with the Zapatistas, 8 of which had already been delivered into custody of Judicial Authorities and from whom was seized a substantially-large arsenal of weaponry. »[17] The PGR repressive acts got to the extreme of pressuring the San Cristóbal de Las Casas, Chiapas Catholic Bishop, Samuel Ruiz García of arresting him for aiding to conceal the Zapatistas guerrilla activity. Even though this activity was public years before the uprising in Proceso (magazine) among Mexico most important magazines and it was the Mexican Government who was for years trying to disguise it. »[18] »[19] »[20] And with no consideration to the political consequences of with no legal reason hurting, the already seriously damaged, recently restored Mexico Vatican political relations »[21] because of the 24 May 1993 political assassination of a Prince of the Catholic Church, the Guadalajara, Mexico Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo that precisely that Agency the PGR has left it unresolved.
Marcos resolve was put to the test, when the Zapatista Army of National Liberation was then under the Mexican Army military siege In their camp and at the Lacandon Jungle. Marcos response was immediate, sending Esteban Moctezuma the following message: "See you in hell". Conflicting signals got strengthened in favor of a fast military solution. The facts seemed to confirm Manuel Camacho Solis 16 June 1994 allegations that the reason for his resignation as the Chiapas Peace Commissioner, was due to sabotage done by the then presidential candidate Ernesto Zedillo.
Under the big political pressure of a highly radicalized situation Mexico Secretary of the Interior Lic. Esteban Moctezuma believed a peaceful solution was possible, he champion to reach a peacefully negotiated solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis betting it all on a creative strategy to reestablish the Mexican Government Zapatista Army of National Liberation dialog to search for peace by demonstrating Marcos natural peace vocation and the terrible consequences of a military solution. Making a strong position against the 9 February actions against Peace, Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma defender of a political solution, to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis to submit his resignation to the President Ernesto Zedillo which he does not accept it and asks the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to try the improbable task of restoring the Conditions for dialog to reach a negotiation. For these foregoing reasons the Mexican army, ease actions, giving an opportunity that Marcos capitalized to escape the military site emplaced in the Lacandon Jungle. »[22] Faced with this situation, Max Appedole, Rafael Guillén, childhood friend and colleague, at the Jesuits College Instituto Cultural Tampico asked for help from Edén Pastora the legendary Nicaraguan "Commander Zero" to prepare a report for under-Secretary of the Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas; the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma and the President Ernesto Zedillo about Marcos natural pacifist vocation and the terrible consequences of a tragic outcome.[23]
The document concluded that the marginalized groups and the radical left that exist in Mexico, have been vented with the Zapatistas movement, while Marcos maintains an open negotiating track. Eliminate Marcos and his social containment work will not only would cease, but will give opportunity to the radical groups to take control of the movement. They will respond to violence with violence. They would begin the terrorist bombings, kidnappings and belligerent activities. The country would be in a very dangerous spiral, which could lead to very serious situations because not only there is discomfort in Chiapas, but in many places in Mexico.[24]
Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law[edit]
On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law. It was discussed and approved by the Mexican Congress.[25]
Restoration of the peace talks[edit]
It was the night of 3 April 1995 precisely at 8:55 pm when the first meeting between representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation which had declared war on the Mexican State the first minute of 1994, and the representatives of the government of President Ernesto Zedillo. His Secretary of Interior, Lic. Esteban Moctezuma, had sent a high rank officer, who delivered a letter to representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, who did not lose radio communication, with Marcos. The letter expressed the Secretary of Interior commitment with a political path to resolve the conflict. The messenger was Luis Maldonado Venegas Mexico under Secretary of Interior. [26] This was how the 3 April 1995 in Prado Pacayal, Chiapas a place located in the Lacandon Jungle near Ocosingo, the secret negotiations prior to restart the dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government were initiated, this happened with Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel as witness of honor for the negotiations between Marcos and Luis Maldonado Venegas, Mexico under Secretary of the Interior on behalf of Lic Esteban Moctezuma Mexico Secretary of the Interior. These negotiations took place with the purpose of establishing parameters and base for the peace dialog between the parties. After several days of unfruitful negotiations, without reaching any specific agreements, it was very early in the morning nonstop in to the next day, in a strategically calculated move, as a conclusion Luis Maldonado Venegas proposed a definitive suspension of hostilities and measures of distention always proportionally higher to the Mexican government to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation On his way out, Luis Maldonado Venegas said:
"If you do not accept this, it will be regretted not having made the installation of the formal dialog in the time established by the Peace Talks Law".
Subcomandante Marcos took this as a direct threat, so he did no longer reply.
Subcomandante Marcos gave a message to the witness of honor Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel: "You have been witness to the fact that we have not threatened or assaulted these people, they have been respected in their person, property, their liberty and life. You have witnessed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation has a word and has honor; you have also been witness to our willingness to engage in dialog. Thank you for taking the trouble to come all the way down here and have contributed with your effort to a peaceful settlement of the conflict, we hope that you will continue contributing in this effort to avoid war and you and your family, continue accepting to be witnesses of honor in this dialog and negotiation process." Finally, he asked the witness of honor to accompany Secretary Moctezuma negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas in his way out, all the way to Ocosingo, to verify they are leaving well and unharmed. (The 7 April 1995 meeting ended at 4:00 a.m.). »[27]
Peace[edit]
Without much hope of dialog, it was already in hostile conditions as the Secretary of Interior negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas began his return to Mexico City. When passing by the Ejido San Miguel a patrol of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation beckons them to stop, surprised without even knowing what was happening, Maldonado was handed a radio, by means of which Mexico under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas achieved with the Subcomandante Marcos the re-initiation of the Dialog and all the necessary agreements in accordance with the law to start the formal Peace Talks dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government. The charismatic leader of the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional the Marcos led the zapatista movement to leave their arms a side and start the dialog for peace agreements with the Mexican Government. Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. »[28] [29] For the formalization of the Peace Talks. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican government appointed Marco Antonio Bernal Gutierrez as the Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[30] »[31] After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo heading to a Military solution. When the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, President Ernesto Zedillo change direction to the action demonstrated the humility of a Great Man of State, for that President Ernesto Zedillo endures heavy political criticism at the time, for doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask the Secretary of Interior the restoration the Dialog conditions to achieve a peace solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. President Ernesto Zedillo Administration and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation achieved an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Protocol[edit]
By 9 April 1995, the Bases for the Dialog Protocol and the Harmony, Peace with justice and Dignity agreement Negotiation between the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas got signed. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican Government appoints Marco Antonio Bernal as Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[32] »[33] the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas Peace Talks started in San Andrés Larráinzar on 22 April 1995. The Zapatistas rejected the Mexican Government proposal. Peace Talks Dialog re-initiated on 7 Jun 1995 they agree with Alianza Cívica Nacional y the Convención Nacional Democrática to organize a national Consultation for Peace and Democracy. The Bases for the Dialog Protocol was renegotiated, in La Realidad Chiapas. 12 October 1995 Peace Talks Dialog is resumed in San Andres Larráinzar, Chiapas. »[34] »[35]
Other agenda[edit]
The rocky road to Peace between the Mexican government and the Zapatista Army, were due mostly to the initiatives promoted by the PGR. On 23 October 1995, with the purpose to derail the Peace Talks Dialog, the PGR once again, got them seriously disturbed by arresting Fernando Yañez Muñoz and sending him to prison. This time by violating the governing peace talks Law which granted guarantee of free passage to all of the Zapatistas during the negotiations and suspends all the arrest warrants against any of them. On 26 October 1995, the Zapatista National Liberation Army denied any association with Fernando Yañez Muñoz; Announces a Red Alert. Marcos returns to the mountains. On 26 October 1995, the PGR drops all charges against the alleged Comandante German. The COCOPA agreed with the determination. The next day on 27 October 1995 Fernando Yañez Muñoz was freed from the Reclusorio Preventivo Oriente. »[36]
"I was arrested for political reasons and I guess I am set free for political reasons, my arrest was with the objective purpose of sabotaging the talks of peace"
Yanez said to the press. »[37] The next day on 29 October 1995. The Zapatista Army of National Liberation lifts the Red Alert and the negotiations where reinstalled.
Secret meetings[edit]
Steps for Peace
In contrast with many other talks, with a broad media exposure, strong security measures and great ceremony. Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma, went for the secret talks, alone, without any security, without the reflectors glitter, which could disrupt the talks, so he went to find a solution in the Lacandon Jungle to meet with Marcos. Important agreements were reached between the two, they called them: Steps for Peace. They demonstrated their sense of will, affinities and confidence where dispensed by with respect by both a significant track of understanding got established. When the 1995 Zapatista Crisis started. It paved the way for what then where call Secret Negotiations.
Secret Negotiations
To which under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas attended to find a solution, alone, without any security, or media coverage, he went to the Lacandon Jungle to negotiate with Marcos and that he did, Luis Maldonado Venegas restored the conditions for the Peace Talks. These simple acts of courage, determination and confidence, were later matched by Marcos probing to be useful to help keep the faith in the works for a peace solution, through negotiation, champion by Esteban Moctezuma, from the Mexican Secretary of Interior during the series of clashes promoted by the PGR to derail peace.
The San Andrés Agreements[edit]
On 16 February 1996, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and Mexican government, signed the Agreements of San Andrés. With the Terms of Peace and the Constitutional change that guarantees the rights to the Indigenous peoples of Mexico. Approved by the Commission on Concordance and Pacification COCOPA, a bicameral Legislative Commission formed on March 1995 by the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) and the Senate of the Republic (Mexico), integrated by Deputies and Senate, of the political parties in Mexico to assist in the peace dialog process in the context of the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
With delegates from 42 countries. On 27 July 1996, the EZLN organized the First Intercontinental Gathering for Humanity and against neoliberal practice.
Executive decision[edit]
Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo was heading to a Military solution, and when the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, as well as all the other conclusions that Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma also gave to the President Ernesto Zedillo with the purpose of trying to avoid a bloodbath of the Mexican indigenous people, as well to prevent other also terrible repercussions of an immoral and unnecessary tragic outcome.
President Ernesto Zedillo, to avoid innocent blood shedding, changed the course of action by doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. For that President Ernesto Zedillo endured heavy political criticism at the time, he demonstrate humility of a Great Man of State, President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask him to restore the Dialog conditions to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas Law. The governing Law that warrant only one agenda be in all of President Zedillo Administration, as well the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional to achieve an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Release of the prisoners[edit]
On appeal, the Court dismisses the previous condemnatory Sentence for the alleged Zapatistas Javier Elorriaga Berdegué and Sebastian Etzin Gomez given on 2 May 1996 for the crime of terrorism, with 13 and 6 years of imprisonment respectively and they were released on 6 June 1996. »[38] The EZLN suspends their troops Alert Status.
Connecticut Trial[edit]
According to a 2012 Economist article, a group of ten anonymous Tzotzil people claiming to be survivors of the Acteal massacre have taken an opportunity to sue former President Zedillo in a civil court in Connecticut, "seeking about $50 million and a declaration of guilt against Mr Zedillo." The victims of the massacre were members of an indigenous-rights group known as Las Abejas; however, the current president of that organization, Porfirio Arias, claims that the alleged victims were in fact not residents of Acteal at all. This has led commentators to allege the trial to be politically motivated, perhaps by a member of his own political party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, angry about Zedillo's reforms that led to the party losing power in the Mexican presidential election, 2000, after 71 years of continuous political rule.[39]
The United States Department of State recommended that President Zedillo be granted immunity from prosecution due to the actions occurring as part of his official capacity as head of state. This motion is not binding in the US court system, but judges "generally side with the State Department."[40]
The plaintiffs, who are being represented by Rafferty, Kobert, Tenenholtz, Bounds & Hess may appeal the ruling of U.S. District Judge Michael Shea to sidestep the immunity Zedillo has been granted.[41]
In 2014, the US Supreme Court refused to hear a case against Zedillo on grounds of "sovereign immunity" as a former head of state by survivors of the Acteal massacre.[42]
Post-presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum Summit on the Global Agenda 2008 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.


After leaving office, Zedillo has held many jobs as an economic consultant in many international companies and organizations.
Zedillo currently works at Yale University in the United States, where he teaches economics and heads the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization. He is an advisory board member of the Millstein Center for Corporate Governance and Performance at the Yale School of Management. In 2005, he became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. He serves on the board of advisors for Stonebridge International.[43] In 2009, he headed an external review of the World Bank Group's governance.[44] In 2010, he joined the board of directors of Citigroup.[45] He is also a member of the board of directors of Procter & Gamble, Alcoa, the Global Development Network (GDN) and Electronic Data Systems. Dr. Zedillo is also a member of the Coca-Cola Company International Advisory Board. Union Pacific owns some of the railroads that Zedillo privatized during his presidency in Mexico. Dr. Zedillo now serves as a Director of Union Pacific Corporation.
Among his other post-presidency activities, Zedillo is a member of the editorial board of Americas Quarterly, a policy journal that explores relations and development in the Western Hemisphere. He is also a member of the Club of Madrid, as well as the current chair of the Natural Resource Charter's Oversight Board. He has been a member of the Inter-American Dialogue since 2003 and currently serves as its co-chair.[46]
In July 2013, Zedillo joined The Elders, a group of independent global leaders who work together on peace and human rights issues.[47]
In 2016, Zedillo co-signed a letter calling for an end to the War on Drugs, along with people like Mary J. Blige, Jesse Jackson and George Soros.[48]
See also[edit]


Mexico portal



List of heads of state of Mexico
History of Mexico
Politics of Mexico
Cabinet of Ernesto Zedillo

References[edit]


^ Zócalo Saltillo - Alondra de la Parra toma la batuta de su divorcio
^ "Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico". History (U.S. TV channel). 31 January 1995. 
^ Zedillo rompió acuerdo de paz con el EZLN: Esteban Moctezuma
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ »
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ « Marcos en la mira de Zedillo »
^ Sí es Sebastián Guillén »
^ Otra Campana Pintada de Azul»
^ » Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Revista Proceso Maestros y condiscípulos de Tampico recuerdan a Rafael Sebastián Guillén »
^ «The world first postmodern revolution »
^ «Seamus McGreal The Zapatista rebellion as postmodern revolution »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ «Renuncia en Gobernación »
^ [3]
^ Marcos en la mira de Zedillo
^ »
^ [4]
^ «Sobre mis pasos de Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano»
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ [5]
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ "Mexico and Justice: The trials of Ernesto Zedillo". The Economist. 1 September 2012. 
^ Randal C. Archibold (8 September 2012). "U.S. Moves to Grant Former Mexican President Immunity in Suit". The New York Times. 
^ June, Daniel, "Former Mexican President Evades Charges of Massacre Through Immunity"
^ Indianz.com 8 October 2014 Archived 15 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Stonebridge International Board of Advisors". 
^ "Outside Review Supports World Bank Group Reform". 21 October 2009. 
^ Smith, Randall (27 February 2010). "Citigroup to Restructure Its Board". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Inter-American Dialogue | Ernesto Zedillo". www.thedialogue.org. Retrieved 2016-10-04. 
^ "Kofi Annan announces two new Elders: Hina Jilani and Ernesto Zedillo". TheElders.org. 2013-07-11. Retrieved 2013-07-18. 
^ http://www.drugpolicy.org/news/2016/04/over-1000-leaders-worldwide-call-end-disastrous-drug-war-ahead-un-special-session


Sources[edit]

Schmidt, Samuel (2000). México encadenado: El legado de Zedillo y los retos de Fox. Mexico D.F.: Colibrí.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ernesto Zedillo.



Appearances on C-SPAN
Ernesto Zedillo on IMDb
Works by or about Ernesto Zedillo in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Ernesto Zedillo collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
(in Spanish) Extended biography by CIDOB Foundation
(in Spanish) The website of Ernesto Zedillo during his presidency



Political offices


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
President of Mexico
1994–2000
Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Party political offices


Preceded by
Luis Donaldo Colosio
(assassinated)
PRI presidential candidate
1994 (won)
Succeeded by
Francisco Labastida








v
t
e


Presidents of Mexico






Guadalupe Victoria
Vicente Guerrero
José María Bocanegra
Pedro Vélez
Anastasio Bustamante
Melchor Múzquiz
Manuel Gómez Pedraza
Valentín Gómez Farías
Antonio López de Santa Anna
Miguel Barragán
José Justo Corro
Nicolás Bravo
Francisco Javier Echeverría
Valentín Canalizo
José Joaquín de Herrera
Mariano Paredes
José Mariano Salas
Pedro María de Anaya
Manuel de la Peña
Mariano Arista
Juan Bautista Ceballos
Manuel María Lombardini
Martín Carrera
Rómulo Díaz
Juan Álvarez Hurtado
Ignacio Comonfort



Félix María Zuloaga
Manuel Robles Pezuela
Miguel Miramón
José Ignacio Pavón



Benito Juárez
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada
José María Iglesias
Juan N. Méndez
Porfirio Díaz
Manuel González Flores
Francisco León de la Barra
Francisco I. Madero
Pedro Lascuráin
Victoriano Huerta
Francisco S. Carvajal
Venustiano Carranza
Eulalio Gutiérrez
Roque González Garza
Francisco Lagos Cházaro
Adolfo de la Huerta
Álvaro Obregón
Plutarco Elías Calles
Emilio Portes Gil
Pascual Ortiz Rubio
Abelardo Luján Rodríguez



Lázaro Cárdenas
Manuel Ávila Camacho
Miguel Alemán Valdés
Adolfo Ruiz Cortines
Adolfo López Mateos
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz
Luis Echeverría
José López Portillo
Miguel de la Madrid
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
Ernesto Zedillo
Vicente Fox
Felipe Calderón
Enrique Peña Nieto











President of Mexico (Vice-President)
Emperor of Mexico (Regent)












v
t
e


The Elders



Chair



Kofi Annan





Deputy Chair



Gro Harlem Brundtland





Members



Martti Ahtisaari
Ela Bhatt
Lakhdar Brahimi
Fernando Henrique Cardoso
Hina Jilani
Graça Machel
Mary Robinson
Ernesto Zedillo





Honorary Members



Desmond Tutu (former chair)





Former Members



Jimmy Carter
Li Zhaoxing
Nelson Mandela (founder)
Aung San Suu Kyi
Muhammad Yunus












v
t
e


Procter & Gamble



People



Norman R. Augustine
Clarence Gamble
James Gamble
A.G. Lafley
Lynn Morley Martin
James McNerney
William Procter
William Cooper Procter
John F. Smith Jr.
Ralph Snyderman
Meg Whitman
Ernesto Zedillo





Brands



Always
Ambi Pur
Ariel
Aussie
Bold
Bonux 3 in 1
Bounty
Braun
Camay
Charmin
Cheer
Clairol
CoverGirl
Crest/Blend-A-Med
Dawn
DayQuil
Daz
Downy
Dreft
Eukanuba
Fairy
Febreze
Gain
Gillette
Gillette Mach3
Gleem
Head & Shoulders
Herbal Essences
Iams
Ivory
Joy
Luvs
Max Factor
Metamucil
Mr. Clean
Nice 'n Easy
NyQuil
Olay
Old Spice
Oral-B
Pampers
Pantene
Pepto-Bismol
Puffs
Safeguard
Secret
SK-II
Scope
Swiffer
Tampax
Tide
Vicks
Wella
more...





Related



Arbora & Ausonia Joint Venture
Baltimore Plant
BeingGirl
Chemicals
Decision Earth
Hankook P&G
MDVIP
PG Tips
Port Ivory
Pringles
Procter & Gamble Co. v. OHIM
Tyneside
Procter & Gamble Philippines









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 61883266
LCCN: n88665079
ISNI: 0000 0001 1766 5584
GND: 122197127
SUDOC: 092419992
BNF: cb150049787 (data)
NKC: jo2010570550










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ernesto_Zedillo&oldid=784193794"					
Categories: 1951 birthsDirectors of CitigroupGroup of ThirtyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeInstitutional Revolutionary Party politiciansLiving peopleMexican Secretaries of EducationMexican economistsMexican expatriates in the United StatesMexican Roman CatholicsMexican presidential candidates (1994)Instituto Politécnico Nacional alumniPoliticians from Mexico CityPresidents of MexicoProcter & Gamble peopleRecipients of the Collar of the Order of the Cross of Terra MarianaRecipients of the Star of Romania OrderYale University alumniYale University facultyHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from September 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2008Articles with unsourced statements from September 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2008Articles with Spanish-language external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어IdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 00:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ernesto Zedillo - Wikipedia






















 






Ernesto Zedillo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This name uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Zedillo and the second or maternal family name is Ponce de León.


Ernesto Zedillo



Zedillo in January 2013







54th President of Mexico


In office
1 December 1994 – 30 November 2000


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Secretary of Education


In office
7 January 1992 – 29 November 1993


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Manuel Bartlett


Succeeded by
Fernando Solana


Secretary of Programming and Budget


In office
1 December 1988 – 7 January 1992


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Pedro Aspe


Succeeded by
Rogelio Gasca





Personal details


Born
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León
(1951-12-27) 27 December 1951 (age 65)
Mexico City, Mexico


Political party
Institutional Revolutionary


Spouse(s)
Nilda Patricia Velasco


Children
Ernesto Zedillo
Emiliano Zedillo
Carlos Zedillo
Patricia Zedillo
Rodrigo Zedillo


Residence
New Haven, Connecticut


Alma mater
National Polytechnic Institute (IPN)
Yale University


Signature



Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León (Spanish pronunciation: [erˈnesto seˈðiʝo]; born 27 December 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He served as President of Mexico from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 2000, as the last of the uninterrupted 70-year line of Mexican presidents from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Since the ending of his term as president in 2000, Zedillo has been a leading voice on globalization, especially its impact on relations between developed and developing nations.
He is currently Director of the Center for the Study of Globalization at Yale University, is the Latin American co-chair of the Inter-American Dialogue, and is on the board of directors of Citigroup.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Political career


2 1994 presidential campaign
3 Presidency
4 1995 Zapatista Crisis

4.1 Mexico political background
4.2 Lacandon Jungle secret meeting
4.3 Subcomandante Marcos identity
4.4 The world first postmodern revolution
4.5 The military site
4.6 Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law
4.7 Restoration of the peace talks
4.8 Peace
4.9 Protocol
4.10 Other agenda
4.11 Secret meetings
4.12 The San Andrés Agreements
4.13 Executive decision
4.14 Release of the prisoners

4.14.1 Connecticut Trial




5 Post-presidency
6 See also
7 References
8 Sources
9 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Ernesto Zedillo was born on 27 December 1951 in Mexico City. His parents were Rodolfo Zedillo Castillo, a mechanic, and Martha Alicia Ponce de León. Seeking better job and education opportunities for their children, his parents moved to Mexicali, Baja California.[citation needed]
In 1965, at the age of 14, he returned to Mexico City. In 1969 he entered the National Polytechnic Institute, financing his studies by working in the National Army and Navy Bank (later known as Banjército). He graduated as an economist in 1972 and began lecturing. It was among his first group of students that he met his wife, Nilda Patricia Velasco, with whom he has five children: Ernesto, Emiliano, Carlos (formerly married to conductor Alondra de la Parra[1]), Nilda Patricia and Rodrigo.
In 1974, he pursued his master's and PhD studies at Yale University. His doctoral thesis was titled Mexico's Public External Debt: Recent History and Future Growth Related to Oil.[citation needed]
Political career[edit]
Zedillo began working in the Bank of Mexico (Mexico's central bank) as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, where he supported the adoption of macroeconomic policies for the country's improvement. By 1987, he was named deputy-secretary of Planning and Budget Control in the Secretariat of Budget and Planning. In 1988, at the age of 36, he headed that secretariat. During his term as Secretary, Zedillo launched a Science and Technology reform.
In 1992 he was appointed Secretary of Education by president Carlos Salinas. A year later he resigned to run the electoral campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, the PRI's presidential candidate.
1994 presidential campaign[edit]
Main article: Mexican general election, 1994




Vladimir Putin and Ernesto Zedillo, at the Millennium Summit, 2000


In 1994, after Colosio's assassination, Zedillo became one of the few PRI members eligible under Mexican law to take his place, since he had not occupied public office for some time.
The opposition blamed Colosio's murder on Salinas. Although the PRI's presidential candidates were always chosen by the current president, and thus Colosio had originally been Salinas' candidate, their political relationship had been affected by a famous speech during the campaign in which Colosio said that Mexico had many problems. It is also notable that the assassination took place after Colosio visited the members of the Zapatista movement in Chiapas and promised to open dialogue, something the PRI opposed.[citation needed]
After Colosio's murder, this speech was seen as the main cause of his break with the president.[citation needed] The choice of Zedillo was interpreted as Salinas' way of bypassing the strong Mexican political tradition of non-reelection and retaining real power, since Zedillo was not really a politician, but an economist (like Salinas), who clearly lacked the president's political talent and influence. It is unclear if Salinas had attempted to control Colosio, who was generally considered at that time to be a far better candidate.
Zedillo ran against Diego Fernández de Cevallos of the National Action Party and second-timer Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He won with 48.69% of popular vote, and became the last president to distinguish the 70-year PRI dynasty in México during the 20th century.
Presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum 2009






Ernesto Zedillo with Edmund Phelps, winner of the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, at the World Economic Forum's Summit on the Global Agenda 2008


A few days after taking office, one of the biggest economic crisis in Mexican history hit the country. Although it was outgoing President Salinas who was mainly blamed for the crisis, Salinas claimed that President Zedillo made a mistake by changing the economic policies held by his administration. The crisis ended after a series of reforms and actions led by Zedillo. US president Bill Clinton granted a US$20 billion loan to Mexico, which helped in one of Zedillo's initiatives to rescue the banking system.[2]
At first, Zedillo was regarded by many as a puppet-president, but any rumors of obedience to Salinas were silenced as soon as Raúl Salinas, the "inconvenient brother" of former president Carlos Salinas, was convicted of murder.
Zedillo's presidential motto was Bienestar para tu familia ("Well-being for your family"). His most enduring act of government was the creation of Progresa, a poverty-fighting program based on subsidizing the poorest families in Mexico, provided that their children went to school, later renamed Oportunidades (Opportunities) by president Vicente Fox.
Zedillo conducted an electoral reform, which lowered the influence of the PRI. In the 1997 elections, for the first time the PRI did not win the majority in Congress.
Zedillo also privatized the state railway company, Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México. This led to the suspension of passenger service in 1997. In 2000, Zedillo recognized the electoral victory of opposition candidate Vicente Fox before midnight on election day, paving the way for what seemed an unlikely change of power. For this reason some PRI members consider him a traitor, despite an 11-point advantage for PAN, claiming that the election was too close to admit defeat so soon and that in any event, the concession should have come from the PRI's candidate, Francisco Labastida, and not Zedillo.[citation needed]
Two massacres took place during the presidency of Zedillo: Aguas Blancas and Acteal. It was strongly suspected that top officers within Zedillo's cabinet (but not Zedillo himself) were involved,[who?] but none of them were ever indicted.
1995 Zapatista Crisis[edit]
Main article: 1995 Zapatista Crisis
Mexico political background[edit]
The previous months to Zedillo presidential inauguration, a wave of political motivated assassinations happened in Mexico to personalities such as Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo; front-runner presidential candidate Colosio of the PRI that Zedillo replaced as candidate for the election; José Francisco Ruiz Massieu, brother-in-law of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and PRI Secretary General, etc. So with the purpose to give credibility to the investigations of those political crimes and grant "a healthy distance", president Zedillo appointed Antonio Lozano Gracia a member of the opposition Political Party PAN as Attorney General of Mexico. With the purpose of promoting a different political agenda, this commission turned the law procedures into a systematic opposition of due process and justice. This caused serious problems for the Interior Government of President Zedillo that originated among the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
Lacandon Jungle secret meeting[edit]
On 5 January 1995 the Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma started a secret meeting process with Marcos called "Steps Toward Peace" that took place in the village of Guadalupe Tepeyac, belonging to the municipality of Pantelho, Chiapas. Important specific agreements that both parties agreed to comply where agreed, in which the Mexican army would withdraw of certain points, such as San Andres Larrainzar, and Marcos accepted a group of citizens to be involved in a formal negotiation to start in a couple of weeks. Because of the fast progress of the negotiations in the steps toward peace, the possibility of an agreement look very close: Marcos wrote, "Unemployment threatens me."[3][4]
Subcomandante Marcos identity[edit]
Main article: Subcomandante Marcos
During the investigative stage in the identification of Subcomandante Marcos, the Mexican government speculated that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla fighter. This theory gained much traction at the end of 1994, after the dissident Zapatista Comandante Salvador Morales Garibay revealed the identities of his former fellow Zapatistas to the Mexican government, among them Marcos. »[5] They all were indicted for terrorism, arrest warrants were issued, and arrests were made in a military action. »[6] There was a storm of political pressure clamoring for a fast military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 9 February 1995, in a televised special presidential broadcast, President Ernesto Zedillo announced the identity of Subcomandante Marcos as Rafael Guillén, born 19 June 1957 in Tampico, Tamaulipas to Spanish immigrants, a former Professor at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana School of Sciences and Arts. Max Appedole, an old friend and Instituto Cultural Tampico classmate of Rafael Guillén, played a major role with the Mexican government in avoiding a military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis, by demonstrating that contrary to the accusations announced by President Ernesto Zedillo, Rafael Guillén was no terrorist. »[7] Max Appedole recognized the literary style of all the Marcos manifestos that were published in the media and linked them to the literary tournaments organized by the Jesuits in which they competed in Mexico. The results convinced him beyond doubt that Marcos was his friend Rafael Guillén, a pacifist. »[8] »[9] »[10] [11] »[12]
The world first postmodern revolution[edit]
The Mexican Indian communities claims for centuries, they have being historically unattended by the a distant government, their claims had reach a critical point in which they decided they needed to let their voice be heard to find their place in Mexico, so the answers and solutions can be found or die trying.
Under the command of Marcos the Zapatista Army of National Liberation launched a social movement that give hope and vision to other native American people and other native people on earth under the similar historical situation. Organizing a social phenomena, now widely recognized as the world first postmodern revolution. »[13] »[14]
The military site[edit]
On 9 February 1995, in wake of having revealed the identity of Subcomandante Marcos, President Ernesto Zedillo made a series of counterproductive decisions that completely broke with the strategy and action plan that he had previously laid-out, including an agreement with then Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to compromise with Marcos, which was finalized a mere 3 days prior in Guadalupe Tepeyac. In fact, Zedillo chose the opposite extreme and sent the Mexican army to capture and annihilate Marcos, doing so without even having consulted his Secretary of Interior; without knowing exactly who Marcos was and only with the PGR's solitary presumption that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla, President Ernesto Zedillo decided to launch a military offence to capture or annihilate Marcos. »[15] Arrest warrants were signed for Marcos, Javier Elorriaga Berdegue, Silvia Fernández Hernández, Jorge Santiago, Fernando Yanez, German Vicente, Jorge Santiago and other Zapatistas. At the Lacandon Jungle with The PGR in pursuit, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation fell under siege by the Mexican Army. Javier Elorriaga was captured on 9 February 1995 in a military garrison at Gabina Velázquez in Las Margaritas, and later taken to the Cerro Hueco prison in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas. »[16] On 11 February 1995 the PGR announced that they had executed a coordinated operation in the State of Mexico, whereby they were able to capture 14 persons allegedly involved with the Zapatistas, 8 of which had already been delivered into custody of Judicial Authorities and from whom was seized a substantially-large arsenal of weaponry. »[17] The PGR repressive acts got to the extreme of pressuring the San Cristóbal de Las Casas, Chiapas Catholic Bishop, Samuel Ruiz García of arresting him for aiding to conceal the Zapatistas guerrilla activity. Even though this activity was public years before the uprising in Proceso (magazine) among Mexico most important magazines and it was the Mexican Government who was for years trying to disguise it. »[18] »[19] »[20] And with no consideration to the political consequences of with no legal reason hurting, the already seriously damaged, recently restored Mexico Vatican political relations »[21] because of the 24 May 1993 political assassination of a Prince of the Catholic Church, the Guadalajara, Mexico Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo that precisely that Agency the PGR has left it unresolved.
Marcos resolve was put to the test, when the Zapatista Army of National Liberation was then under the Mexican Army military siege In their camp and at the Lacandon Jungle. Marcos response was immediate, sending Esteban Moctezuma the following message: "See you in hell". Conflicting signals got strengthened in favor of a fast military solution. The facts seemed to confirm Manuel Camacho Solis 16 June 1994 allegations that the reason for his resignation as the Chiapas Peace Commissioner, was due to sabotage done by the then presidential candidate Ernesto Zedillo.
Under the big political pressure of a highly radicalized situation Mexico Secretary of the Interior Lic. Esteban Moctezuma believed a peaceful solution was possible, he champion to reach a peacefully negotiated solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis betting it all on a creative strategy to reestablish the Mexican Government Zapatista Army of National Liberation dialog to search for peace by demonstrating Marcos natural peace vocation and the terrible consequences of a military solution. Making a strong position against the 9 February actions against Peace, Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma defender of a political solution, to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis to submit his resignation to the President Ernesto Zedillo which he does not accept it and asks the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to try the improbable task of restoring the Conditions for dialog to reach a negotiation. For these foregoing reasons the Mexican army, ease actions, giving an opportunity that Marcos capitalized to escape the military site emplaced in the Lacandon Jungle. »[22] Faced with this situation, Max Appedole, Rafael Guillén, childhood friend and colleague, at the Jesuits College Instituto Cultural Tampico asked for help from Edén Pastora the legendary Nicaraguan "Commander Zero" to prepare a report for under-Secretary of the Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas; the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma and the President Ernesto Zedillo about Marcos natural pacifist vocation and the terrible consequences of a tragic outcome.[23]
The document concluded that the marginalized groups and the radical left that exist in Mexico, have been vented with the Zapatistas movement, while Marcos maintains an open negotiating track. Eliminate Marcos and his social containment work will not only would cease, but will give opportunity to the radical groups to take control of the movement. They will respond to violence with violence. They would begin the terrorist bombings, kidnappings and belligerent activities. The country would be in a very dangerous spiral, which could lead to very serious situations because not only there is discomfort in Chiapas, but in many places in Mexico.[24]
Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law[edit]
On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law. It was discussed and approved by the Mexican Congress.[25]
Restoration of the peace talks[edit]
It was the night of 3 April 1995 precisely at 8:55 pm when the first meeting between representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation which had declared war on the Mexican State the first minute of 1994, and the representatives of the government of President Ernesto Zedillo. His Secretary of Interior, Lic. Esteban Moctezuma, had sent a high rank officer, who delivered a letter to representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, who did not lose radio communication, with Marcos. The letter expressed the Secretary of Interior commitment with a political path to resolve the conflict. The messenger was Luis Maldonado Venegas Mexico under Secretary of Interior. [26] This was how the 3 April 1995 in Prado Pacayal, Chiapas a place located in the Lacandon Jungle near Ocosingo, the secret negotiations prior to restart the dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government were initiated, this happened with Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel as witness of honor for the negotiations between Marcos and Luis Maldonado Venegas, Mexico under Secretary of the Interior on behalf of Lic Esteban Moctezuma Mexico Secretary of the Interior. These negotiations took place with the purpose of establishing parameters and base for the peace dialog between the parties. After several days of unfruitful negotiations, without reaching any specific agreements, it was very early in the morning nonstop in to the next day, in a strategically calculated move, as a conclusion Luis Maldonado Venegas proposed a definitive suspension of hostilities and measures of distention always proportionally higher to the Mexican government to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation On his way out, Luis Maldonado Venegas said:
"If you do not accept this, it will be regretted not having made the installation of the formal dialog in the time established by the Peace Talks Law".
Subcomandante Marcos took this as a direct threat, so he did no longer reply.
Subcomandante Marcos gave a message to the witness of honor Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel: "You have been witness to the fact that we have not threatened or assaulted these people, they have been respected in their person, property, their liberty and life. You have witnessed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation has a word and has honor; you have also been witness to our willingness to engage in dialog. Thank you for taking the trouble to come all the way down here and have contributed with your effort to a peaceful settlement of the conflict, we hope that you will continue contributing in this effort to avoid war and you and your family, continue accepting to be witnesses of honor in this dialog and negotiation process." Finally, he asked the witness of honor to accompany Secretary Moctezuma negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas in his way out, all the way to Ocosingo, to verify they are leaving well and unharmed. (The 7 April 1995 meeting ended at 4:00 a.m.). »[27]
Peace[edit]
Without much hope of dialog, it was already in hostile conditions as the Secretary of Interior negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas began his return to Mexico City. When passing by the Ejido San Miguel a patrol of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation beckons them to stop, surprised without even knowing what was happening, Maldonado was handed a radio, by means of which Mexico under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas achieved with the Subcomandante Marcos the re-initiation of the Dialog and all the necessary agreements in accordance with the law to start the formal Peace Talks dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government. The charismatic leader of the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional the Marcos led the zapatista movement to leave their arms a side and start the dialog for peace agreements with the Mexican Government. Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. »[28] [29] For the formalization of the Peace Talks. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican government appointed Marco Antonio Bernal Gutierrez as the Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[30] »[31] After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo heading to a Military solution. When the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, President Ernesto Zedillo change direction to the action demonstrated the humility of a Great Man of State, for that President Ernesto Zedillo endures heavy political criticism at the time, for doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask the Secretary of Interior the restoration the Dialog conditions to achieve a peace solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. President Ernesto Zedillo Administration and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation achieved an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Protocol[edit]
By 9 April 1995, the Bases for the Dialog Protocol and the Harmony, Peace with justice and Dignity agreement Negotiation between the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas got signed. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican Government appoints Marco Antonio Bernal as Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[32] »[33] the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas Peace Talks started in San Andrés Larráinzar on 22 April 1995. The Zapatistas rejected the Mexican Government proposal. Peace Talks Dialog re-initiated on 7 Jun 1995 they agree with Alianza Cívica Nacional y the Convención Nacional Democrática to organize a national Consultation for Peace and Democracy. The Bases for the Dialog Protocol was renegotiated, in La Realidad Chiapas. 12 October 1995 Peace Talks Dialog is resumed in San Andres Larráinzar, Chiapas. »[34] »[35]
Other agenda[edit]
The rocky road to Peace between the Mexican government and the Zapatista Army, were due mostly to the initiatives promoted by the PGR. On 23 October 1995, with the purpose to derail the Peace Talks Dialog, the PGR once again, got them seriously disturbed by arresting Fernando Yañez Muñoz and sending him to prison. This time by violating the governing peace talks Law which granted guarantee of free passage to all of the Zapatistas during the negotiations and suspends all the arrest warrants against any of them. On 26 October 1995, the Zapatista National Liberation Army denied any association with Fernando Yañez Muñoz; Announces a Red Alert. Marcos returns to the mountains. On 26 October 1995, the PGR drops all charges against the alleged Comandante German. The COCOPA agreed with the determination. The next day on 27 October 1995 Fernando Yañez Muñoz was freed from the Reclusorio Preventivo Oriente. »[36]
"I was arrested for political reasons and I guess I am set free for political reasons, my arrest was with the objective purpose of sabotaging the talks of peace"
Yanez said to the press. »[37] The next day on 29 October 1995. The Zapatista Army of National Liberation lifts the Red Alert and the negotiations where reinstalled.
Secret meetings[edit]
Steps for Peace
In contrast with many other talks, with a broad media exposure, strong security measures and great ceremony. Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma, went for the secret talks, alone, without any security, without the reflectors glitter, which could disrupt the talks, so he went to find a solution in the Lacandon Jungle to meet with Marcos. Important agreements were reached between the two, they called them: Steps for Peace. They demonstrated their sense of will, affinities and confidence where dispensed by with respect by both a significant track of understanding got established. When the 1995 Zapatista Crisis started. It paved the way for what then where call Secret Negotiations.
Secret Negotiations
To which under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas attended to find a solution, alone, without any security, or media coverage, he went to the Lacandon Jungle to negotiate with Marcos and that he did, Luis Maldonado Venegas restored the conditions for the Peace Talks. These simple acts of courage, determination and confidence, were later matched by Marcos probing to be useful to help keep the faith in the works for a peace solution, through negotiation, champion by Esteban Moctezuma, from the Mexican Secretary of Interior during the series of clashes promoted by the PGR to derail peace.
The San Andrés Agreements[edit]
On 16 February 1996, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and Mexican government, signed the Agreements of San Andrés. With the Terms of Peace and the Constitutional change that guarantees the rights to the Indigenous peoples of Mexico. Approved by the Commission on Concordance and Pacification COCOPA, a bicameral Legislative Commission formed on March 1995 by the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) and the Senate of the Republic (Mexico), integrated by Deputies and Senate, of the political parties in Mexico to assist in the peace dialog process in the context of the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
With delegates from 42 countries. On 27 July 1996, the EZLN organized the First Intercontinental Gathering for Humanity and against neoliberal practice.
Executive decision[edit]
Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo was heading to a Military solution, and when the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, as well as all the other conclusions that Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma also gave to the President Ernesto Zedillo with the purpose of trying to avoid a bloodbath of the Mexican indigenous people, as well to prevent other also terrible repercussions of an immoral and unnecessary tragic outcome.
President Ernesto Zedillo, to avoid innocent blood shedding, changed the course of action by doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. For that President Ernesto Zedillo endured heavy political criticism at the time, he demonstrate humility of a Great Man of State, President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask him to restore the Dialog conditions to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas Law. The governing Law that warrant only one agenda be in all of President Zedillo Administration, as well the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional to achieve an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Release of the prisoners[edit]
On appeal, the Court dismisses the previous condemnatory Sentence for the alleged Zapatistas Javier Elorriaga Berdegué and Sebastian Etzin Gomez given on 2 May 1996 for the crime of terrorism, with 13 and 6 years of imprisonment respectively and they were released on 6 June 1996. »[38] The EZLN suspends their troops Alert Status.
Connecticut Trial[edit]
According to a 2012 Economist article, a group of ten anonymous Tzotzil people claiming to be survivors of the Acteal massacre have taken an opportunity to sue former President Zedillo in a civil court in Connecticut, "seeking about $50 million and a declaration of guilt against Mr Zedillo." The victims of the massacre were members of an indigenous-rights group known as Las Abejas; however, the current president of that organization, Porfirio Arias, claims that the alleged victims were in fact not residents of Acteal at all. This has led commentators to allege the trial to be politically motivated, perhaps by a member of his own political party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, angry about Zedillo's reforms that led to the party losing power in the Mexican presidential election, 2000, after 71 years of continuous political rule.[39]
The United States Department of State recommended that President Zedillo be granted immunity from prosecution due to the actions occurring as part of his official capacity as head of state. This motion is not binding in the US court system, but judges "generally side with the State Department."[40]
The plaintiffs, who are being represented by Rafferty, Kobert, Tenenholtz, Bounds & Hess may appeal the ruling of U.S. District Judge Michael Shea to sidestep the immunity Zedillo has been granted.[41]
In 2014, the US Supreme Court refused to hear a case against Zedillo on grounds of "sovereign immunity" as a former head of state by survivors of the Acteal massacre.[42]
Post-presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum Summit on the Global Agenda 2008 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.


After leaving office, Zedillo has held many jobs as an economic consultant in many international companies and organizations.
Zedillo currently works at Yale University in the United States, where he teaches economics and heads the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization. He is an advisory board member of the Millstein Center for Corporate Governance and Performance at the Yale School of Management. In 2005, he became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. He serves on the board of advisors for Stonebridge International.[43] In 2009, he headed an external review of the World Bank Group's governance.[44] In 2010, he joined the board of directors of Citigroup.[45] He is also a member of the board of directors of Procter & Gamble, Alcoa, the Global Development Network (GDN) and Electronic Data Systems. Dr. Zedillo is also a member of the Coca-Cola Company International Advisory Board. Union Pacific owns some of the railroads that Zedillo privatized during his presidency in Mexico. Dr. Zedillo now serves as a Director of Union Pacific Corporation.
Among his other post-presidency activities, Zedillo is a member of the editorial board of Americas Quarterly, a policy journal that explores relations and development in the Western Hemisphere. He is also a member of the Club of Madrid, as well as the current chair of the Natural Resource Charter's Oversight Board. He has been a member of the Inter-American Dialogue since 2003 and currently serves as its co-chair.[46]
In July 2013, Zedillo joined The Elders, a group of independent global leaders who work together on peace and human rights issues.[47]
In 2016, Zedillo co-signed a letter calling for an end to the War on Drugs, along with people like Mary J. Blige, Jesse Jackson and George Soros.[48]
See also[edit]


Mexico portal



List of heads of state of Mexico
History of Mexico
Politics of Mexico
Cabinet of Ernesto Zedillo

References[edit]


^ Zócalo Saltillo - Alondra de la Parra toma la batuta de su divorcio
^ "Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico". History (U.S. TV channel). 31 January 1995. 
^ Zedillo rompió acuerdo de paz con el EZLN: Esteban Moctezuma
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ »
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ « Marcos en la mira de Zedillo »
^ Sí es Sebastián Guillén »
^ Otra Campana Pintada de Azul»
^ » Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Revista Proceso Maestros y condiscípulos de Tampico recuerdan a Rafael Sebastián Guillén »
^ «The world first postmodern revolution »
^ «Seamus McGreal The Zapatista rebellion as postmodern revolution »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ «Renuncia en Gobernación »
^ [3]
^ Marcos en la mira de Zedillo
^ »
^ [4]
^ «Sobre mis pasos de Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano»
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ [5]
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ "Mexico and Justice: The trials of Ernesto Zedillo". The Economist. 1 September 2012. 
^ Randal C. Archibold (8 September 2012). "U.S. Moves to Grant Former Mexican President Immunity in Suit". The New York Times. 
^ June, Daniel, "Former Mexican President Evades Charges of Massacre Through Immunity"
^ Indianz.com 8 October 2014 Archived 15 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Stonebridge International Board of Advisors". 
^ "Outside Review Supports World Bank Group Reform". 21 October 2009. 
^ Smith, Randall (27 February 2010). "Citigroup to Restructure Its Board". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Inter-American Dialogue | Ernesto Zedillo". www.thedialogue.org. Retrieved 2016-10-04. 
^ "Kofi Annan announces two new Elders: Hina Jilani and Ernesto Zedillo". TheElders.org. 2013-07-11. Retrieved 2013-07-18. 
^ http://www.drugpolicy.org/news/2016/04/over-1000-leaders-worldwide-call-end-disastrous-drug-war-ahead-un-special-session


Sources[edit]

Schmidt, Samuel (2000). México encadenado: El legado de Zedillo y los retos de Fox. Mexico D.F.: Colibrí.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ernesto Zedillo.



Appearances on C-SPAN
Ernesto Zedillo on IMDb
Works by or about Ernesto Zedillo in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Ernesto Zedillo collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
(in Spanish) Extended biography by CIDOB Foundation
(in Spanish) The website of Ernesto Zedillo during his presidency



Political offices


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
President of Mexico
1994–2000
Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Party political offices


Preceded by
Luis Donaldo Colosio
(assassinated)
PRI presidential candidate
1994 (won)
Succeeded by
Francisco Labastida








v
t
e


Presidents of Mexico






Guadalupe Victoria
Vicente Guerrero
José María Bocanegra
Pedro Vélez
Anastasio Bustamante
Melchor Múzquiz
Manuel Gómez Pedraza
Valentín Gómez Farías
Antonio López de Santa Anna
Miguel Barragán
José Justo Corro
Nicolás Bravo
Francisco Javier Echeverría
Valentín Canalizo
José Joaquín de Herrera
Mariano Paredes
José Mariano Salas
Pedro María de Anaya
Manuel de la Peña
Mariano Arista
Juan Bautista Ceballos
Manuel María Lombardini
Martín Carrera
Rómulo Díaz
Juan Álvarez Hurtado
Ignacio Comonfort



Félix María Zuloaga
Manuel Robles Pezuela
Miguel Miramón
José Ignacio Pavón



Benito Juárez
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada
José María Iglesias
Juan N. Méndez
Porfirio Díaz
Manuel González Flores
Francisco León de la Barra
Francisco I. Madero
Pedro Lascuráin
Victoriano Huerta
Francisco S. Carvajal
Venustiano Carranza
Eulalio Gutiérrez
Roque González Garza
Francisco Lagos Cházaro
Adolfo de la Huerta
Álvaro Obregón
Plutarco Elías Calles
Emilio Portes Gil
Pascual Ortiz Rubio
Abelardo Luján Rodríguez



Lázaro Cárdenas
Manuel Ávila Camacho
Miguel Alemán Valdés
Adolfo Ruiz Cortines
Adolfo López Mateos
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz
Luis Echeverría
José López Portillo
Miguel de la Madrid
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
Ernesto Zedillo
Vicente Fox
Felipe Calderón
Enrique Peña Nieto











President of Mexico (Vice-President)
Emperor of Mexico (Regent)












v
t
e


The Elders



Chair



Kofi Annan





Deputy Chair



Gro Harlem Brundtland





Members



Martti Ahtisaari
Ela Bhatt
Lakhdar Brahimi
Fernando Henrique Cardoso
Hina Jilani
Graça Machel
Mary Robinson
Ernesto Zedillo





Honorary Members



Desmond Tutu (former chair)





Former Members



Jimmy Carter
Li Zhaoxing
Nelson Mandela (founder)
Aung San Suu Kyi
Muhammad Yunus












v
t
e


Procter & Gamble



People



Norman R. Augustine
Clarence Gamble
James Gamble
A.G. Lafley
Lynn Morley Martin
James McNerney
William Procter
William Cooper Procter
John F. Smith Jr.
Ralph Snyderman
Meg Whitman
Ernesto Zedillo





Brands



Always
Ambi Pur
Ariel
Aussie
Bold
Bonux 3 in 1
Bounty
Braun
Camay
Charmin
Cheer
Clairol
CoverGirl
Crest/Blend-A-Med
Dawn
DayQuil
Daz
Downy
Dreft
Eukanuba
Fairy
Febreze
Gain
Gillette
Gillette Mach3
Gleem
Head & Shoulders
Herbal Essences
Iams
Ivory
Joy
Luvs
Max Factor
Metamucil
Mr. Clean
Nice 'n Easy
NyQuil
Olay
Old Spice
Oral-B
Pampers
Pantene
Pepto-Bismol
Puffs
Safeguard
Secret
SK-II
Scope
Swiffer
Tampax
Tide
Vicks
Wella
more...





Related



Arbora & Ausonia Joint Venture
Baltimore Plant
BeingGirl
Chemicals
Decision Earth
Hankook P&G
MDVIP
PG Tips
Port Ivory
Pringles
Procter & Gamble Co. v. OHIM
Tyneside
Procter & Gamble Philippines









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 61883266
LCCN: n88665079
ISNI: 0000 0001 1766 5584
GND: 122197127
SUDOC: 092419992
BNF: cb150049787 (data)
NKC: jo2010570550










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ernesto_Zedillo&oldid=784193794"					
Categories: 1951 birthsDirectors of CitigroupGroup of ThirtyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeInstitutional Revolutionary Party politiciansLiving peopleMexican Secretaries of EducationMexican economistsMexican expatriates in the United StatesMexican Roman CatholicsMexican presidential candidates (1994)Instituto Politécnico Nacional alumniPoliticians from Mexico CityPresidents of MexicoProcter & Gamble peopleRecipients of the Collar of the Order of the Cross of Terra MarianaRecipients of the Star of Romania OrderYale University alumniYale University facultyHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from September 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2008Articles with unsourced statements from September 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2008Articles with Spanish-language external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어IdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 00:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ernesto Zedillo - Wikipedia






















 






Ernesto Zedillo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This name uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Zedillo and the second or maternal family name is Ponce de León.


Ernesto Zedillo



Zedillo in January 2013







54th President of Mexico


In office
1 December 1994 – 30 November 2000


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Secretary of Education


In office
7 January 1992 – 29 November 1993


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Manuel Bartlett


Succeeded by
Fernando Solana


Secretary of Programming and Budget


In office
1 December 1988 – 7 January 1992


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Pedro Aspe


Succeeded by
Rogelio Gasca





Personal details


Born
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León
(1951-12-27) 27 December 1951 (age 65)
Mexico City, Mexico


Political party
Institutional Revolutionary


Spouse(s)
Nilda Patricia Velasco


Children
Ernesto Zedillo
Emiliano Zedillo
Carlos Zedillo
Patricia Zedillo
Rodrigo Zedillo


Residence
New Haven, Connecticut


Alma mater
National Polytechnic Institute (IPN)
Yale University


Signature



Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León (Spanish pronunciation: [erˈnesto seˈðiʝo]; born 27 December 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He served as President of Mexico from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 2000, as the last of the uninterrupted 70-year line of Mexican presidents from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Since the ending of his term as president in 2000, Zedillo has been a leading voice on globalization, especially its impact on relations between developed and developing nations.
He is currently Director of the Center for the Study of Globalization at Yale University, is the Latin American co-chair of the Inter-American Dialogue, and is on the board of directors of Citigroup.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Political career


2 1994 presidential campaign
3 Presidency
4 1995 Zapatista Crisis

4.1 Mexico political background
4.2 Lacandon Jungle secret meeting
4.3 Subcomandante Marcos identity
4.4 The world first postmodern revolution
4.5 The military site
4.6 Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law
4.7 Restoration of the peace talks
4.8 Peace
4.9 Protocol
4.10 Other agenda
4.11 Secret meetings
4.12 The San Andrés Agreements
4.13 Executive decision
4.14 Release of the prisoners

4.14.1 Connecticut Trial




5 Post-presidency
6 See also
7 References
8 Sources
9 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Ernesto Zedillo was born on 27 December 1951 in Mexico City. His parents were Rodolfo Zedillo Castillo, a mechanic, and Martha Alicia Ponce de León. Seeking better job and education opportunities for their children, his parents moved to Mexicali, Baja California.[citation needed]
In 1965, at the age of 14, he returned to Mexico City. In 1969 he entered the National Polytechnic Institute, financing his studies by working in the National Army and Navy Bank (later known as Banjército). He graduated as an economist in 1972 and began lecturing. It was among his first group of students that he met his wife, Nilda Patricia Velasco, with whom he has five children: Ernesto, Emiliano, Carlos (formerly married to conductor Alondra de la Parra[1]), Nilda Patricia and Rodrigo.
In 1974, he pursued his master's and PhD studies at Yale University. His doctoral thesis was titled Mexico's Public External Debt: Recent History and Future Growth Related to Oil.[citation needed]
Political career[edit]
Zedillo began working in the Bank of Mexico (Mexico's central bank) as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, where he supported the adoption of macroeconomic policies for the country's improvement. By 1987, he was named deputy-secretary of Planning and Budget Control in the Secretariat of Budget and Planning. In 1988, at the age of 36, he headed that secretariat. During his term as Secretary, Zedillo launched a Science and Technology reform.
In 1992 he was appointed Secretary of Education by president Carlos Salinas. A year later he resigned to run the electoral campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, the PRI's presidential candidate.
1994 presidential campaign[edit]
Main article: Mexican general election, 1994




Vladimir Putin and Ernesto Zedillo, at the Millennium Summit, 2000


In 1994, after Colosio's assassination, Zedillo became one of the few PRI members eligible under Mexican law to take his place, since he had not occupied public office for some time.
The opposition blamed Colosio's murder on Salinas. Although the PRI's presidential candidates were always chosen by the current president, and thus Colosio had originally been Salinas' candidate, their political relationship had been affected by a famous speech during the campaign in which Colosio said that Mexico had many problems. It is also notable that the assassination took place after Colosio visited the members of the Zapatista movement in Chiapas and promised to open dialogue, something the PRI opposed.[citation needed]
After Colosio's murder, this speech was seen as the main cause of his break with the president.[citation needed] The choice of Zedillo was interpreted as Salinas' way of bypassing the strong Mexican political tradition of non-reelection and retaining real power, since Zedillo was not really a politician, but an economist (like Salinas), who clearly lacked the president's political talent and influence. It is unclear if Salinas had attempted to control Colosio, who was generally considered at that time to be a far better candidate.
Zedillo ran against Diego Fernández de Cevallos of the National Action Party and second-timer Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He won with 48.69% of popular vote, and became the last president to distinguish the 70-year PRI dynasty in México during the 20th century.
Presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum 2009






Ernesto Zedillo with Edmund Phelps, winner of the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, at the World Economic Forum's Summit on the Global Agenda 2008


A few days after taking office, one of the biggest economic crisis in Mexican history hit the country. Although it was outgoing President Salinas who was mainly blamed for the crisis, Salinas claimed that President Zedillo made a mistake by changing the economic policies held by his administration. The crisis ended after a series of reforms and actions led by Zedillo. US president Bill Clinton granted a US$20 billion loan to Mexico, which helped in one of Zedillo's initiatives to rescue the banking system.[2]
At first, Zedillo was regarded by many as a puppet-president, but any rumors of obedience to Salinas were silenced as soon as Raúl Salinas, the "inconvenient brother" of former president Carlos Salinas, was convicted of murder.
Zedillo's presidential motto was Bienestar para tu familia ("Well-being for your family"). His most enduring act of government was the creation of Progresa, a poverty-fighting program based on subsidizing the poorest families in Mexico, provided that their children went to school, later renamed Oportunidades (Opportunities) by president Vicente Fox.
Zedillo conducted an electoral reform, which lowered the influence of the PRI. In the 1997 elections, for the first time the PRI did not win the majority in Congress.
Zedillo also privatized the state railway company, Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México. This led to the suspension of passenger service in 1997. In 2000, Zedillo recognized the electoral victory of opposition candidate Vicente Fox before midnight on election day, paving the way for what seemed an unlikely change of power. For this reason some PRI members consider him a traitor, despite an 11-point advantage for PAN, claiming that the election was too close to admit defeat so soon and that in any event, the concession should have come from the PRI's candidate, Francisco Labastida, and not Zedillo.[citation needed]
Two massacres took place during the presidency of Zedillo: Aguas Blancas and Acteal. It was strongly suspected that top officers within Zedillo's cabinet (but not Zedillo himself) were involved,[who?] but none of them were ever indicted.
1995 Zapatista Crisis[edit]
Main article: 1995 Zapatista Crisis
Mexico political background[edit]
The previous months to Zedillo presidential inauguration, a wave of political motivated assassinations happened in Mexico to personalities such as Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo; front-runner presidential candidate Colosio of the PRI that Zedillo replaced as candidate for the election; José Francisco Ruiz Massieu, brother-in-law of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and PRI Secretary General, etc. So with the purpose to give credibility to the investigations of those political crimes and grant "a healthy distance", president Zedillo appointed Antonio Lozano Gracia a member of the opposition Political Party PAN as Attorney General of Mexico. With the purpose of promoting a different political agenda, this commission turned the law procedures into a systematic opposition of due process and justice. This caused serious problems for the Interior Government of President Zedillo that originated among the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
Lacandon Jungle secret meeting[edit]
On 5 January 1995 the Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma started a secret meeting process with Marcos called "Steps Toward Peace" that took place in the village of Guadalupe Tepeyac, belonging to the municipality of Pantelho, Chiapas. Important specific agreements that both parties agreed to comply where agreed, in which the Mexican army would withdraw of certain points, such as San Andres Larrainzar, and Marcos accepted a group of citizens to be involved in a formal negotiation to start in a couple of weeks. Because of the fast progress of the negotiations in the steps toward peace, the possibility of an agreement look very close: Marcos wrote, "Unemployment threatens me."[3][4]
Subcomandante Marcos identity[edit]
Main article: Subcomandante Marcos
During the investigative stage in the identification of Subcomandante Marcos, the Mexican government speculated that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla fighter. This theory gained much traction at the end of 1994, after the dissident Zapatista Comandante Salvador Morales Garibay revealed the identities of his former fellow Zapatistas to the Mexican government, among them Marcos. »[5] They all were indicted for terrorism, arrest warrants were issued, and arrests were made in a military action. »[6] There was a storm of political pressure clamoring for a fast military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 9 February 1995, in a televised special presidential broadcast, President Ernesto Zedillo announced the identity of Subcomandante Marcos as Rafael Guillén, born 19 June 1957 in Tampico, Tamaulipas to Spanish immigrants, a former Professor at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana School of Sciences and Arts. Max Appedole, an old friend and Instituto Cultural Tampico classmate of Rafael Guillén, played a major role with the Mexican government in avoiding a military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis, by demonstrating that contrary to the accusations announced by President Ernesto Zedillo, Rafael Guillén was no terrorist. »[7] Max Appedole recognized the literary style of all the Marcos manifestos that were published in the media and linked them to the literary tournaments organized by the Jesuits in which they competed in Mexico. The results convinced him beyond doubt that Marcos was his friend Rafael Guillén, a pacifist. »[8] »[9] »[10] [11] »[12]
The world first postmodern revolution[edit]
The Mexican Indian communities claims for centuries, they have being historically unattended by the a distant government, their claims had reach a critical point in which they decided they needed to let their voice be heard to find their place in Mexico, so the answers and solutions can be found or die trying.
Under the command of Marcos the Zapatista Army of National Liberation launched a social movement that give hope and vision to other native American people and other native people on earth under the similar historical situation. Organizing a social phenomena, now widely recognized as the world first postmodern revolution. »[13] »[14]
The military site[edit]
On 9 February 1995, in wake of having revealed the identity of Subcomandante Marcos, President Ernesto Zedillo made a series of counterproductive decisions that completely broke with the strategy and action plan that he had previously laid-out, including an agreement with then Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to compromise with Marcos, which was finalized a mere 3 days prior in Guadalupe Tepeyac. In fact, Zedillo chose the opposite extreme and sent the Mexican army to capture and annihilate Marcos, doing so without even having consulted his Secretary of Interior; without knowing exactly who Marcos was and only with the PGR's solitary presumption that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla, President Ernesto Zedillo decided to launch a military offence to capture or annihilate Marcos. »[15] Arrest warrants were signed for Marcos, Javier Elorriaga Berdegue, Silvia Fernández Hernández, Jorge Santiago, Fernando Yanez, German Vicente, Jorge Santiago and other Zapatistas. At the Lacandon Jungle with The PGR in pursuit, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation fell under siege by the Mexican Army. Javier Elorriaga was captured on 9 February 1995 in a military garrison at Gabina Velázquez in Las Margaritas, and later taken to the Cerro Hueco prison in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas. »[16] On 11 February 1995 the PGR announced that they had executed a coordinated operation in the State of Mexico, whereby they were able to capture 14 persons allegedly involved with the Zapatistas, 8 of which had already been delivered into custody of Judicial Authorities and from whom was seized a substantially-large arsenal of weaponry. »[17] The PGR repressive acts got to the extreme of pressuring the San Cristóbal de Las Casas, Chiapas Catholic Bishop, Samuel Ruiz García of arresting him for aiding to conceal the Zapatistas guerrilla activity. Even though this activity was public years before the uprising in Proceso (magazine) among Mexico most important magazines and it was the Mexican Government who was for years trying to disguise it. »[18] »[19] »[20] And with no consideration to the political consequences of with no legal reason hurting, the already seriously damaged, recently restored Mexico Vatican political relations »[21] because of the 24 May 1993 political assassination of a Prince of the Catholic Church, the Guadalajara, Mexico Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo that precisely that Agency the PGR has left it unresolved.
Marcos resolve was put to the test, when the Zapatista Army of National Liberation was then under the Mexican Army military siege In their camp and at the Lacandon Jungle. Marcos response was immediate, sending Esteban Moctezuma the following message: "See you in hell". Conflicting signals got strengthened in favor of a fast military solution. The facts seemed to confirm Manuel Camacho Solis 16 June 1994 allegations that the reason for his resignation as the Chiapas Peace Commissioner, was due to sabotage done by the then presidential candidate Ernesto Zedillo.
Under the big political pressure of a highly radicalized situation Mexico Secretary of the Interior Lic. Esteban Moctezuma believed a peaceful solution was possible, he champion to reach a peacefully negotiated solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis betting it all on a creative strategy to reestablish the Mexican Government Zapatista Army of National Liberation dialog to search for peace by demonstrating Marcos natural peace vocation and the terrible consequences of a military solution. Making a strong position against the 9 February actions against Peace, Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma defender of a political solution, to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis to submit his resignation to the President Ernesto Zedillo which he does not accept it and asks the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to try the improbable task of restoring the Conditions for dialog to reach a negotiation. For these foregoing reasons the Mexican army, ease actions, giving an opportunity that Marcos capitalized to escape the military site emplaced in the Lacandon Jungle. »[22] Faced with this situation, Max Appedole, Rafael Guillén, childhood friend and colleague, at the Jesuits College Instituto Cultural Tampico asked for help from Edén Pastora the legendary Nicaraguan "Commander Zero" to prepare a report for under-Secretary of the Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas; the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma and the President Ernesto Zedillo about Marcos natural pacifist vocation and the terrible consequences of a tragic outcome.[23]
The document concluded that the marginalized groups and the radical left that exist in Mexico, have been vented with the Zapatistas movement, while Marcos maintains an open negotiating track. Eliminate Marcos and his social containment work will not only would cease, but will give opportunity to the radical groups to take control of the movement. They will respond to violence with violence. They would begin the terrorist bombings, kidnappings and belligerent activities. The country would be in a very dangerous spiral, which could lead to very serious situations because not only there is discomfort in Chiapas, but in many places in Mexico.[24]
Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law[edit]
On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law. It was discussed and approved by the Mexican Congress.[25]
Restoration of the peace talks[edit]
It was the night of 3 April 1995 precisely at 8:55 pm when the first meeting between representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation which had declared war on the Mexican State the first minute of 1994, and the representatives of the government of President Ernesto Zedillo. His Secretary of Interior, Lic. Esteban Moctezuma, had sent a high rank officer, who delivered a letter to representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, who did not lose radio communication, with Marcos. The letter expressed the Secretary of Interior commitment with a political path to resolve the conflict. The messenger was Luis Maldonado Venegas Mexico under Secretary of Interior. [26] This was how the 3 April 1995 in Prado Pacayal, Chiapas a place located in the Lacandon Jungle near Ocosingo, the secret negotiations prior to restart the dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government were initiated, this happened with Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel as witness of honor for the negotiations between Marcos and Luis Maldonado Venegas, Mexico under Secretary of the Interior on behalf of Lic Esteban Moctezuma Mexico Secretary of the Interior. These negotiations took place with the purpose of establishing parameters and base for the peace dialog between the parties. After several days of unfruitful negotiations, without reaching any specific agreements, it was very early in the morning nonstop in to the next day, in a strategically calculated move, as a conclusion Luis Maldonado Venegas proposed a definitive suspension of hostilities and measures of distention always proportionally higher to the Mexican government to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation On his way out, Luis Maldonado Venegas said:
"If you do not accept this, it will be regretted not having made the installation of the formal dialog in the time established by the Peace Talks Law".
Subcomandante Marcos took this as a direct threat, so he did no longer reply.
Subcomandante Marcos gave a message to the witness of honor Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel: "You have been witness to the fact that we have not threatened or assaulted these people, they have been respected in their person, property, their liberty and life. You have witnessed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation has a word and has honor; you have also been witness to our willingness to engage in dialog. Thank you for taking the trouble to come all the way down here and have contributed with your effort to a peaceful settlement of the conflict, we hope that you will continue contributing in this effort to avoid war and you and your family, continue accepting to be witnesses of honor in this dialog and negotiation process." Finally, he asked the witness of honor to accompany Secretary Moctezuma negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas in his way out, all the way to Ocosingo, to verify they are leaving well and unharmed. (The 7 April 1995 meeting ended at 4:00 a.m.). »[27]
Peace[edit]
Without much hope of dialog, it was already in hostile conditions as the Secretary of Interior negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas began his return to Mexico City. When passing by the Ejido San Miguel a patrol of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation beckons them to stop, surprised without even knowing what was happening, Maldonado was handed a radio, by means of which Mexico under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas achieved with the Subcomandante Marcos the re-initiation of the Dialog and all the necessary agreements in accordance with the law to start the formal Peace Talks dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government. The charismatic leader of the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional the Marcos led the zapatista movement to leave their arms a side and start the dialog for peace agreements with the Mexican Government. Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. »[28] [29] For the formalization of the Peace Talks. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican government appointed Marco Antonio Bernal Gutierrez as the Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[30] »[31] After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo heading to a Military solution. When the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, President Ernesto Zedillo change direction to the action demonstrated the humility of a Great Man of State, for that President Ernesto Zedillo endures heavy political criticism at the time, for doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask the Secretary of Interior the restoration the Dialog conditions to achieve a peace solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. President Ernesto Zedillo Administration and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation achieved an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Protocol[edit]
By 9 April 1995, the Bases for the Dialog Protocol and the Harmony, Peace with justice and Dignity agreement Negotiation between the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas got signed. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican Government appoints Marco Antonio Bernal as Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[32] »[33] the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas Peace Talks started in San Andrés Larráinzar on 22 April 1995. The Zapatistas rejected the Mexican Government proposal. Peace Talks Dialog re-initiated on 7 Jun 1995 they agree with Alianza Cívica Nacional y the Convención Nacional Democrática to organize a national Consultation for Peace and Democracy. The Bases for the Dialog Protocol was renegotiated, in La Realidad Chiapas. 12 October 1995 Peace Talks Dialog is resumed in San Andres Larráinzar, Chiapas. »[34] »[35]
Other agenda[edit]
The rocky road to Peace between the Mexican government and the Zapatista Army, were due mostly to the initiatives promoted by the PGR. On 23 October 1995, with the purpose to derail the Peace Talks Dialog, the PGR once again, got them seriously disturbed by arresting Fernando Yañez Muñoz and sending him to prison. This time by violating the governing peace talks Law which granted guarantee of free passage to all of the Zapatistas during the negotiations and suspends all the arrest warrants against any of them. On 26 October 1995, the Zapatista National Liberation Army denied any association with Fernando Yañez Muñoz; Announces a Red Alert. Marcos returns to the mountains. On 26 October 1995, the PGR drops all charges against the alleged Comandante German. The COCOPA agreed with the determination. The next day on 27 October 1995 Fernando Yañez Muñoz was freed from the Reclusorio Preventivo Oriente. »[36]
"I was arrested for political reasons and I guess I am set free for political reasons, my arrest was with the objective purpose of sabotaging the talks of peace"
Yanez said to the press. »[37] The next day on 29 October 1995. The Zapatista Army of National Liberation lifts the Red Alert and the negotiations where reinstalled.
Secret meetings[edit]
Steps for Peace
In contrast with many other talks, with a broad media exposure, strong security measures and great ceremony. Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma, went for the secret talks, alone, without any security, without the reflectors glitter, which could disrupt the talks, so he went to find a solution in the Lacandon Jungle to meet with Marcos. Important agreements were reached between the two, they called them: Steps for Peace. They demonstrated their sense of will, affinities and confidence where dispensed by with respect by both a significant track of understanding got established. When the 1995 Zapatista Crisis started. It paved the way for what then where call Secret Negotiations.
Secret Negotiations
To which under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas attended to find a solution, alone, without any security, or media coverage, he went to the Lacandon Jungle to negotiate with Marcos and that he did, Luis Maldonado Venegas restored the conditions for the Peace Talks. These simple acts of courage, determination and confidence, were later matched by Marcos probing to be useful to help keep the faith in the works for a peace solution, through negotiation, champion by Esteban Moctezuma, from the Mexican Secretary of Interior during the series of clashes promoted by the PGR to derail peace.
The San Andrés Agreements[edit]
On 16 February 1996, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and Mexican government, signed the Agreements of San Andrés. With the Terms of Peace and the Constitutional change that guarantees the rights to the Indigenous peoples of Mexico. Approved by the Commission on Concordance and Pacification COCOPA, a bicameral Legislative Commission formed on March 1995 by the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) and the Senate of the Republic (Mexico), integrated by Deputies and Senate, of the political parties in Mexico to assist in the peace dialog process in the context of the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
With delegates from 42 countries. On 27 July 1996, the EZLN organized the First Intercontinental Gathering for Humanity and against neoliberal practice.
Executive decision[edit]
Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo was heading to a Military solution, and when the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, as well as all the other conclusions that Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma also gave to the President Ernesto Zedillo with the purpose of trying to avoid a bloodbath of the Mexican indigenous people, as well to prevent other also terrible repercussions of an immoral and unnecessary tragic outcome.
President Ernesto Zedillo, to avoid innocent blood shedding, changed the course of action by doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. For that President Ernesto Zedillo endured heavy political criticism at the time, he demonstrate humility of a Great Man of State, President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask him to restore the Dialog conditions to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas Law. The governing Law that warrant only one agenda be in all of President Zedillo Administration, as well the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional to achieve an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Release of the prisoners[edit]
On appeal, the Court dismisses the previous condemnatory Sentence for the alleged Zapatistas Javier Elorriaga Berdegué and Sebastian Etzin Gomez given on 2 May 1996 for the crime of terrorism, with 13 and 6 years of imprisonment respectively and they were released on 6 June 1996. »[38] The EZLN suspends their troops Alert Status.
Connecticut Trial[edit]
According to a 2012 Economist article, a group of ten anonymous Tzotzil people claiming to be survivors of the Acteal massacre have taken an opportunity to sue former President Zedillo in a civil court in Connecticut, "seeking about $50 million and a declaration of guilt against Mr Zedillo." The victims of the massacre were members of an indigenous-rights group known as Las Abejas; however, the current president of that organization, Porfirio Arias, claims that the alleged victims were in fact not residents of Acteal at all. This has led commentators to allege the trial to be politically motivated, perhaps by a member of his own political party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, angry about Zedillo's reforms that led to the party losing power in the Mexican presidential election, 2000, after 71 years of continuous political rule.[39]
The United States Department of State recommended that President Zedillo be granted immunity from prosecution due to the actions occurring as part of his official capacity as head of state. This motion is not binding in the US court system, but judges "generally side with the State Department."[40]
The plaintiffs, who are being represented by Rafferty, Kobert, Tenenholtz, Bounds & Hess may appeal the ruling of U.S. District Judge Michael Shea to sidestep the immunity Zedillo has been granted.[41]
In 2014, the US Supreme Court refused to hear a case against Zedillo on grounds of "sovereign immunity" as a former head of state by survivors of the Acteal massacre.[42]
Post-presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum Summit on the Global Agenda 2008 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.


After leaving office, Zedillo has held many jobs as an economic consultant in many international companies and organizations.
Zedillo currently works at Yale University in the United States, where he teaches economics and heads the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization. He is an advisory board member of the Millstein Center for Corporate Governance and Performance at the Yale School of Management. In 2005, he became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. He serves on the board of advisors for Stonebridge International.[43] In 2009, he headed an external review of the World Bank Group's governance.[44] In 2010, he joined the board of directors of Citigroup.[45] He is also a member of the board of directors of Procter & Gamble, Alcoa, the Global Development Network (GDN) and Electronic Data Systems. Dr. Zedillo is also a member of the Coca-Cola Company International Advisory Board. Union Pacific owns some of the railroads that Zedillo privatized during his presidency in Mexico. Dr. Zedillo now serves as a Director of Union Pacific Corporation.
Among his other post-presidency activities, Zedillo is a member of the editorial board of Americas Quarterly, a policy journal that explores relations and development in the Western Hemisphere. He is also a member of the Club of Madrid, as well as the current chair of the Natural Resource Charter's Oversight Board. He has been a member of the Inter-American Dialogue since 2003 and currently serves as its co-chair.[46]
In July 2013, Zedillo joined The Elders, a group of independent global leaders who work together on peace and human rights issues.[47]
In 2016, Zedillo co-signed a letter calling for an end to the War on Drugs, along with people like Mary J. Blige, Jesse Jackson and George Soros.[48]
See also[edit]


Mexico portal



List of heads of state of Mexico
History of Mexico
Politics of Mexico
Cabinet of Ernesto Zedillo

References[edit]


^ Zócalo Saltillo - Alondra de la Parra toma la batuta de su divorcio
^ "Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico". History (U.S. TV channel). 31 January 1995. 
^ Zedillo rompió acuerdo de paz con el EZLN: Esteban Moctezuma
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ »
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ « Marcos en la mira de Zedillo »
^ Sí es Sebastián Guillén »
^ Otra Campana Pintada de Azul»
^ » Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Revista Proceso Maestros y condiscípulos de Tampico recuerdan a Rafael Sebastián Guillén »
^ «The world first postmodern revolution »
^ «Seamus McGreal The Zapatista rebellion as postmodern revolution »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ «Renuncia en Gobernación »
^ [3]
^ Marcos en la mira de Zedillo
^ »
^ [4]
^ «Sobre mis pasos de Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano»
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ [5]
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ "Mexico and Justice: The trials of Ernesto Zedillo". The Economist. 1 September 2012. 
^ Randal C. Archibold (8 September 2012). "U.S. Moves to Grant Former Mexican President Immunity in Suit". The New York Times. 
^ June, Daniel, "Former Mexican President Evades Charges of Massacre Through Immunity"
^ Indianz.com 8 October 2014 Archived 15 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Stonebridge International Board of Advisors". 
^ "Outside Review Supports World Bank Group Reform". 21 October 2009. 
^ Smith, Randall (27 February 2010). "Citigroup to Restructure Its Board". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Inter-American Dialogue | Ernesto Zedillo". www.thedialogue.org. Retrieved 2016-10-04. 
^ "Kofi Annan announces two new Elders: Hina Jilani and Ernesto Zedillo". TheElders.org. 2013-07-11. Retrieved 2013-07-18. 
^ http://www.drugpolicy.org/news/2016/04/over-1000-leaders-worldwide-call-end-disastrous-drug-war-ahead-un-special-session


Sources[edit]

Schmidt, Samuel (2000). México encadenado: El legado de Zedillo y los retos de Fox. Mexico D.F.: Colibrí.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ernesto Zedillo.



Appearances on C-SPAN
Ernesto Zedillo on IMDb
Works by or about Ernesto Zedillo in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Ernesto Zedillo collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
(in Spanish) Extended biography by CIDOB Foundation
(in Spanish) The website of Ernesto Zedillo during his presidency



Political offices


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
President of Mexico
1994–2000
Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Party political offices


Preceded by
Luis Donaldo Colosio
(assassinated)
PRI presidential candidate
1994 (won)
Succeeded by
Francisco Labastida








v
t
e


Presidents of Mexico






Guadalupe Victoria
Vicente Guerrero
José María Bocanegra
Pedro Vélez
Anastasio Bustamante
Melchor Múzquiz
Manuel Gómez Pedraza
Valentín Gómez Farías
Antonio López de Santa Anna
Miguel Barragán
José Justo Corro
Nicolás Bravo
Francisco Javier Echeverría
Valentín Canalizo
José Joaquín de Herrera
Mariano Paredes
José Mariano Salas
Pedro María de Anaya
Manuel de la Peña
Mariano Arista
Juan Bautista Ceballos
Manuel María Lombardini
Martín Carrera
Rómulo Díaz
Juan Álvarez Hurtado
Ignacio Comonfort



Félix María Zuloaga
Manuel Robles Pezuela
Miguel Miramón
José Ignacio Pavón



Benito Juárez
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada
José María Iglesias
Juan N. Méndez
Porfirio Díaz
Manuel González Flores
Francisco León de la Barra
Francisco I. Madero
Pedro Lascuráin
Victoriano Huerta
Francisco S. Carvajal
Venustiano Carranza
Eulalio Gutiérrez
Roque González Garza
Francisco Lagos Cházaro
Adolfo de la Huerta
Álvaro Obregón
Plutarco Elías Calles
Emilio Portes Gil
Pascual Ortiz Rubio
Abelardo Luján Rodríguez



Lázaro Cárdenas
Manuel Ávila Camacho
Miguel Alemán Valdés
Adolfo Ruiz Cortines
Adolfo López Mateos
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz
Luis Echeverría
José López Portillo
Miguel de la Madrid
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
Ernesto Zedillo
Vicente Fox
Felipe Calderón
Enrique Peña Nieto











President of Mexico (Vice-President)
Emperor of Mexico (Regent)












v
t
e


The Elders



Chair



Kofi Annan





Deputy Chair



Gro Harlem Brundtland





Members



Martti Ahtisaari
Ela Bhatt
Lakhdar Brahimi
Fernando Henrique Cardoso
Hina Jilani
Graça Machel
Mary Robinson
Ernesto Zedillo





Honorary Members



Desmond Tutu (former chair)





Former Members



Jimmy Carter
Li Zhaoxing
Nelson Mandela (founder)
Aung San Suu Kyi
Muhammad Yunus












v
t
e


Procter & Gamble



People



Norman R. Augustine
Clarence Gamble
James Gamble
A.G. Lafley
Lynn Morley Martin
James McNerney
William Procter
William Cooper Procter
John F. Smith Jr.
Ralph Snyderman
Meg Whitman
Ernesto Zedillo





Brands



Always
Ambi Pur
Ariel
Aussie
Bold
Bonux 3 in 1
Bounty
Braun
Camay
Charmin
Cheer
Clairol
CoverGirl
Crest/Blend-A-Med
Dawn
DayQuil
Daz
Downy
Dreft
Eukanuba
Fairy
Febreze
Gain
Gillette
Gillette Mach3
Gleem
Head & Shoulders
Herbal Essences
Iams
Ivory
Joy
Luvs
Max Factor
Metamucil
Mr. Clean
Nice 'n Easy
NyQuil
Olay
Old Spice
Oral-B
Pampers
Pantene
Pepto-Bismol
Puffs
Safeguard
Secret
SK-II
Scope
Swiffer
Tampax
Tide
Vicks
Wella
more...





Related



Arbora & Ausonia Joint Venture
Baltimore Plant
BeingGirl
Chemicals
Decision Earth
Hankook P&G
MDVIP
PG Tips
Port Ivory
Pringles
Procter & Gamble Co. v. OHIM
Tyneside
Procter & Gamble Philippines









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 61883266
LCCN: n88665079
ISNI: 0000 0001 1766 5584
GND: 122197127
SUDOC: 092419992
BNF: cb150049787 (data)
NKC: jo2010570550










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ernesto_Zedillo&oldid=784193794"					
Categories: 1951 birthsDirectors of CitigroupGroup of ThirtyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeInstitutional Revolutionary Party politiciansLiving peopleMexican Secretaries of EducationMexican economistsMexican expatriates in the United StatesMexican Roman CatholicsMexican presidential candidates (1994)Instituto Politécnico Nacional alumniPoliticians from Mexico CityPresidents of MexicoProcter & Gamble peopleRecipients of the Collar of the Order of the Cross of Terra MarianaRecipients of the Star of Romania OrderYale University alumniYale University facultyHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from September 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2008Articles with unsourced statements from September 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2008Articles with Spanish-language external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어IdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 00:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ernesto Zedillo - Wikipedia






















 






Ernesto Zedillo

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This name uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Zedillo and the second or maternal family name is Ponce de León.


Ernesto Zedillo



Zedillo in January 2013







54th President of Mexico


In office
1 December 1994 – 30 November 2000


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Secretary of Education


In office
7 January 1992 – 29 November 1993


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Manuel Bartlett


Succeeded by
Fernando Solana


Secretary of Programming and Budget


In office
1 December 1988 – 7 January 1992


President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari


Preceded by
Pedro Aspe


Succeeded by
Rogelio Gasca





Personal details


Born
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León
(1951-12-27) 27 December 1951 (age 65)
Mexico City, Mexico


Political party
Institutional Revolutionary


Spouse(s)
Nilda Patricia Velasco


Children
Ernesto Zedillo
Emiliano Zedillo
Carlos Zedillo
Patricia Zedillo
Rodrigo Zedillo


Residence
New Haven, Connecticut


Alma mater
National Polytechnic Institute (IPN)
Yale University


Signature



Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León (Spanish pronunciation: [erˈnesto seˈðiʝo]; born 27 December 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He served as President of Mexico from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 2000, as the last of the uninterrupted 70-year line of Mexican presidents from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Since the ending of his term as president in 2000, Zedillo has been a leading voice on globalization, especially its impact on relations between developed and developing nations.
He is currently Director of the Center for the Study of Globalization at Yale University, is the Latin American co-chair of the Inter-American Dialogue, and is on the board of directors of Citigroup.



Contents


1 Early life and education

1.1 Political career


2 1994 presidential campaign
3 Presidency
4 1995 Zapatista Crisis

4.1 Mexico political background
4.2 Lacandon Jungle secret meeting
4.3 Subcomandante Marcos identity
4.4 The world first postmodern revolution
4.5 The military site
4.6 Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law
4.7 Restoration of the peace talks
4.8 Peace
4.9 Protocol
4.10 Other agenda
4.11 Secret meetings
4.12 The San Andrés Agreements
4.13 Executive decision
4.14 Release of the prisoners

4.14.1 Connecticut Trial




5 Post-presidency
6 See also
7 References
8 Sources
9 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Ernesto Zedillo was born on 27 December 1951 in Mexico City. His parents were Rodolfo Zedillo Castillo, a mechanic, and Martha Alicia Ponce de León. Seeking better job and education opportunities for their children, his parents moved to Mexicali, Baja California.[citation needed]
In 1965, at the age of 14, he returned to Mexico City. In 1969 he entered the National Polytechnic Institute, financing his studies by working in the National Army and Navy Bank (later known as Banjército). He graduated as an economist in 1972 and began lecturing. It was among his first group of students that he met his wife, Nilda Patricia Velasco, with whom he has five children: Ernesto, Emiliano, Carlos (formerly married to conductor Alondra de la Parra[1]), Nilda Patricia and Rodrigo.
In 1974, he pursued his master's and PhD studies at Yale University. His doctoral thesis was titled Mexico's Public External Debt: Recent History and Future Growth Related to Oil.[citation needed]
Political career[edit]
Zedillo began working in the Bank of Mexico (Mexico's central bank) as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, where he supported the adoption of macroeconomic policies for the country's improvement. By 1987, he was named deputy-secretary of Planning and Budget Control in the Secretariat of Budget and Planning. In 1988, at the age of 36, he headed that secretariat. During his term as Secretary, Zedillo launched a Science and Technology reform.
In 1992 he was appointed Secretary of Education by president Carlos Salinas. A year later he resigned to run the electoral campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, the PRI's presidential candidate.
1994 presidential campaign[edit]
Main article: Mexican general election, 1994




Vladimir Putin and Ernesto Zedillo, at the Millennium Summit, 2000


In 1994, after Colosio's assassination, Zedillo became one of the few PRI members eligible under Mexican law to take his place, since he had not occupied public office for some time.
The opposition blamed Colosio's murder on Salinas. Although the PRI's presidential candidates were always chosen by the current president, and thus Colosio had originally been Salinas' candidate, their political relationship had been affected by a famous speech during the campaign in which Colosio said that Mexico had many problems. It is also notable that the assassination took place after Colosio visited the members of the Zapatista movement in Chiapas and promised to open dialogue, something the PRI opposed.[citation needed]
After Colosio's murder, this speech was seen as the main cause of his break with the president.[citation needed] The choice of Zedillo was interpreted as Salinas' way of bypassing the strong Mexican political tradition of non-reelection and retaining real power, since Zedillo was not really a politician, but an economist (like Salinas), who clearly lacked the president's political talent and influence. It is unclear if Salinas had attempted to control Colosio, who was generally considered at that time to be a far better candidate.
Zedillo ran against Diego Fernández de Cevallos of the National Action Party and second-timer Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas of the Party of the Democratic Revolution. He won with 48.69% of popular vote, and became the last president to distinguish the 70-year PRI dynasty in México during the 20th century.
Presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum 2009






Ernesto Zedillo with Edmund Phelps, winner of the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, at the World Economic Forum's Summit on the Global Agenda 2008


A few days after taking office, one of the biggest economic crisis in Mexican history hit the country. Although it was outgoing President Salinas who was mainly blamed for the crisis, Salinas claimed that President Zedillo made a mistake by changing the economic policies held by his administration. The crisis ended after a series of reforms and actions led by Zedillo. US president Bill Clinton granted a US$20 billion loan to Mexico, which helped in one of Zedillo's initiatives to rescue the banking system.[2]
At first, Zedillo was regarded by many as a puppet-president, but any rumors of obedience to Salinas were silenced as soon as Raúl Salinas, the "inconvenient brother" of former president Carlos Salinas, was convicted of murder.
Zedillo's presidential motto was Bienestar para tu familia ("Well-being for your family"). His most enduring act of government was the creation of Progresa, a poverty-fighting program based on subsidizing the poorest families in Mexico, provided that their children went to school, later renamed Oportunidades (Opportunities) by president Vicente Fox.
Zedillo conducted an electoral reform, which lowered the influence of the PRI. In the 1997 elections, for the first time the PRI did not win the majority in Congress.
Zedillo also privatized the state railway company, Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México. This led to the suspension of passenger service in 1997. In 2000, Zedillo recognized the electoral victory of opposition candidate Vicente Fox before midnight on election day, paving the way for what seemed an unlikely change of power. For this reason some PRI members consider him a traitor, despite an 11-point advantage for PAN, claiming that the election was too close to admit defeat so soon and that in any event, the concession should have come from the PRI's candidate, Francisco Labastida, and not Zedillo.[citation needed]
Two massacres took place during the presidency of Zedillo: Aguas Blancas and Acteal. It was strongly suspected that top officers within Zedillo's cabinet (but not Zedillo himself) were involved,[who?] but none of them were ever indicted.
1995 Zapatista Crisis[edit]
Main article: 1995 Zapatista Crisis
Mexico political background[edit]
The previous months to Zedillo presidential inauguration, a wave of political motivated assassinations happened in Mexico to personalities such as Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo; front-runner presidential candidate Colosio of the PRI that Zedillo replaced as candidate for the election; José Francisco Ruiz Massieu, brother-in-law of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and PRI Secretary General, etc. So with the purpose to give credibility to the investigations of those political crimes and grant "a healthy distance", president Zedillo appointed Antonio Lozano Gracia a member of the opposition Political Party PAN as Attorney General of Mexico. With the purpose of promoting a different political agenda, this commission turned the law procedures into a systematic opposition of due process and justice. This caused serious problems for the Interior Government of President Zedillo that originated among the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
Lacandon Jungle secret meeting[edit]
On 5 January 1995 the Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma started a secret meeting process with Marcos called "Steps Toward Peace" that took place in the village of Guadalupe Tepeyac, belonging to the municipality of Pantelho, Chiapas. Important specific agreements that both parties agreed to comply where agreed, in which the Mexican army would withdraw of certain points, such as San Andres Larrainzar, and Marcos accepted a group of citizens to be involved in a formal negotiation to start in a couple of weeks. Because of the fast progress of the negotiations in the steps toward peace, the possibility of an agreement look very close: Marcos wrote, "Unemployment threatens me."[3][4]
Subcomandante Marcos identity[edit]
Main article: Subcomandante Marcos
During the investigative stage in the identification of Subcomandante Marcos, the Mexican government speculated that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla fighter. This theory gained much traction at the end of 1994, after the dissident Zapatista Comandante Salvador Morales Garibay revealed the identities of his former fellow Zapatistas to the Mexican government, among them Marcos. »[5] They all were indicted for terrorism, arrest warrants were issued, and arrests were made in a military action. »[6] There was a storm of political pressure clamoring for a fast military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 9 February 1995, in a televised special presidential broadcast, President Ernesto Zedillo announced the identity of Subcomandante Marcos as Rafael Guillén, born 19 June 1957 in Tampico, Tamaulipas to Spanish immigrants, a former Professor at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana School of Sciences and Arts. Max Appedole, an old friend and Instituto Cultural Tampico classmate of Rafael Guillén, played a major role with the Mexican government in avoiding a military solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis, by demonstrating that contrary to the accusations announced by President Ernesto Zedillo, Rafael Guillén was no terrorist. »[7] Max Appedole recognized the literary style of all the Marcos manifestos that were published in the media and linked them to the literary tournaments organized by the Jesuits in which they competed in Mexico. The results convinced him beyond doubt that Marcos was his friend Rafael Guillén, a pacifist. »[8] »[9] »[10] [11] »[12]
The world first postmodern revolution[edit]
The Mexican Indian communities claims for centuries, they have being historically unattended by the a distant government, their claims had reach a critical point in which they decided they needed to let their voice be heard to find their place in Mexico, so the answers and solutions can be found or die trying.
Under the command of Marcos the Zapatista Army of National Liberation launched a social movement that give hope and vision to other native American people and other native people on earth under the similar historical situation. Organizing a social phenomena, now widely recognized as the world first postmodern revolution. »[13] »[14]
The military site[edit]
On 9 February 1995, in wake of having revealed the identity of Subcomandante Marcos, President Ernesto Zedillo made a series of counterproductive decisions that completely broke with the strategy and action plan that he had previously laid-out, including an agreement with then Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to compromise with Marcos, which was finalized a mere 3 days prior in Guadalupe Tepeyac. In fact, Zedillo chose the opposite extreme and sent the Mexican army to capture and annihilate Marcos, doing so without even having consulted his Secretary of Interior; without knowing exactly who Marcos was and only with the PGR's solitary presumption that Marcos was a dangerous guerrilla, President Ernesto Zedillo decided to launch a military offence to capture or annihilate Marcos. »[15] Arrest warrants were signed for Marcos, Javier Elorriaga Berdegue, Silvia Fernández Hernández, Jorge Santiago, Fernando Yanez, German Vicente, Jorge Santiago and other Zapatistas. At the Lacandon Jungle with The PGR in pursuit, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation fell under siege by the Mexican Army. Javier Elorriaga was captured on 9 February 1995 in a military garrison at Gabina Velázquez in Las Margaritas, and later taken to the Cerro Hueco prison in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas. »[16] On 11 February 1995 the PGR announced that they had executed a coordinated operation in the State of Mexico, whereby they were able to capture 14 persons allegedly involved with the Zapatistas, 8 of which had already been delivered into custody of Judicial Authorities and from whom was seized a substantially-large arsenal of weaponry. »[17] The PGR repressive acts got to the extreme of pressuring the San Cristóbal de Las Casas, Chiapas Catholic Bishop, Samuel Ruiz García of arresting him for aiding to conceal the Zapatistas guerrilla activity. Even though this activity was public years before the uprising in Proceso (magazine) among Mexico most important magazines and it was the Mexican Government who was for years trying to disguise it. »[18] »[19] »[20] And with no consideration to the political consequences of with no legal reason hurting, the already seriously damaged, recently restored Mexico Vatican political relations »[21] because of the 24 May 1993 political assassination of a Prince of the Catholic Church, the Guadalajara, Mexico Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo that precisely that Agency the PGR has left it unresolved.
Marcos resolve was put to the test, when the Zapatista Army of National Liberation was then under the Mexican Army military siege In their camp and at the Lacandon Jungle. Marcos response was immediate, sending Esteban Moctezuma the following message: "See you in hell". Conflicting signals got strengthened in favor of a fast military solution. The facts seemed to confirm Manuel Camacho Solis 16 June 1994 allegations that the reason for his resignation as the Chiapas Peace Commissioner, was due to sabotage done by the then presidential candidate Ernesto Zedillo.
Under the big political pressure of a highly radicalized situation Mexico Secretary of the Interior Lic. Esteban Moctezuma believed a peaceful solution was possible, he champion to reach a peacefully negotiated solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis betting it all on a creative strategy to reestablish the Mexican Government Zapatista Army of National Liberation dialog to search for peace by demonstrating Marcos natural peace vocation and the terrible consequences of a military solution. Making a strong position against the 9 February actions against Peace, Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma defender of a political solution, to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis to submit his resignation to the President Ernesto Zedillo which he does not accept it and asks the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma to try the improbable task of restoring the Conditions for dialog to reach a negotiation. For these foregoing reasons the Mexican army, ease actions, giving an opportunity that Marcos capitalized to escape the military site emplaced in the Lacandon Jungle. »[22] Faced with this situation, Max Appedole, Rafael Guillén, childhood friend and colleague, at the Jesuits College Instituto Cultural Tampico asked for help from Edén Pastora the legendary Nicaraguan "Commander Zero" to prepare a report for under-Secretary of the Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas; the Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma and the President Ernesto Zedillo about Marcos natural pacifist vocation and the terrible consequences of a tragic outcome.[23]
The document concluded that the marginalized groups and the radical left that exist in Mexico, have been vented with the Zapatistas movement, while Marcos maintains an open negotiating track. Eliminate Marcos and his social containment work will not only would cease, but will give opportunity to the radical groups to take control of the movement. They will respond to violence with violence. They would begin the terrorist bombings, kidnappings and belligerent activities. The country would be in a very dangerous spiral, which could lead to very serious situations because not only there is discomfort in Chiapas, but in many places in Mexico.[24]
Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation, and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law[edit]
On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas law. It was discussed and approved by the Mexican Congress.[25]
Restoration of the peace talks[edit]
It was the night of 3 April 1995 precisely at 8:55 pm when the first meeting between representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation which had declared war on the Mexican State the first minute of 1994, and the representatives of the government of President Ernesto Zedillo. His Secretary of Interior, Lic. Esteban Moctezuma, had sent a high rank officer, who delivered a letter to representatives of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, who did not lose radio communication, with Marcos. The letter expressed the Secretary of Interior commitment with a political path to resolve the conflict. The messenger was Luis Maldonado Venegas Mexico under Secretary of Interior. [26] This was how the 3 April 1995 in Prado Pacayal, Chiapas a place located in the Lacandon Jungle near Ocosingo, the secret negotiations prior to restart the dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government were initiated, this happened with Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel as witness of honor for the negotiations between Marcos and Luis Maldonado Venegas, Mexico under Secretary of the Interior on behalf of Lic Esteban Moctezuma Mexico Secretary of the Interior. These negotiations took place with the purpose of establishing parameters and base for the peace dialog between the parties. After several days of unfruitful negotiations, without reaching any specific agreements, it was very early in the morning nonstop in to the next day, in a strategically calculated move, as a conclusion Luis Maldonado Venegas proposed a definitive suspension of hostilities and measures of distention always proportionally higher to the Mexican government to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation On his way out, Luis Maldonado Venegas said:
"If you do not accept this, it will be regretted not having made the installation of the formal dialog in the time established by the Peace Talks Law".
Subcomandante Marcos took this as a direct threat, so he did no longer reply.
Subcomandante Marcos gave a message to the witness of honor Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Batel: "You have been witness to the fact that we have not threatened or assaulted these people, they have been respected in their person, property, their liberty and life. You have witnessed that the Zapatista Army of National Liberation has a word and has honor; you have also been witness to our willingness to engage in dialog. Thank you for taking the trouble to come all the way down here and have contributed with your effort to a peaceful settlement of the conflict, we hope that you will continue contributing in this effort to avoid war and you and your family, continue accepting to be witnesses of honor in this dialog and negotiation process." Finally, he asked the witness of honor to accompany Secretary Moctezuma negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas in his way out, all the way to Ocosingo, to verify they are leaving well and unharmed. (The 7 April 1995 meeting ended at 4:00 a.m.). »[27]
Peace[edit]
Without much hope of dialog, it was already in hostile conditions as the Secretary of Interior negotiator Luis Maldonado Venegas began his return to Mexico City. When passing by the Ejido San Miguel a patrol of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation beckons them to stop, surprised without even knowing what was happening, Maldonado was handed a radio, by means of which Mexico under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas achieved with the Subcomandante Marcos the re-initiation of the Dialog and all the necessary agreements in accordance with the law to start the formal Peace Talks dialog between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government. The charismatic leader of the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional the Marcos led the zapatista movement to leave their arms a side and start the dialog for peace agreements with the Mexican Government. Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. »[28] [29] For the formalization of the Peace Talks. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican government appointed Marco Antonio Bernal Gutierrez as the Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[30] »[31] After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo heading to a Military solution. When the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, President Ernesto Zedillo change direction to the action demonstrated the humility of a Great Man of State, for that President Ernesto Zedillo endures heavy political criticism at the time, for doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask the Secretary of Interior the restoration the Dialog conditions to achieve a peace solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. President Ernesto Zedillo Administration and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation achieved an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Protocol[edit]
By 9 April 1995, the Bases for the Dialog Protocol and the Harmony, Peace with justice and Dignity agreement Negotiation between the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas got signed. On 17 April 1995 the Mexican Government appoints Marco Antonio Bernal as Peace Commissioner in Chiapas. »[32] »[33] the Mexican Government and the Zapatistas Peace Talks started in San Andrés Larráinzar on 22 April 1995. The Zapatistas rejected the Mexican Government proposal. Peace Talks Dialog re-initiated on 7 Jun 1995 they agree with Alianza Cívica Nacional y the Convención Nacional Democrática to organize a national Consultation for Peace and Democracy. The Bases for the Dialog Protocol was renegotiated, in La Realidad Chiapas. 12 October 1995 Peace Talks Dialog is resumed in San Andres Larráinzar, Chiapas. »[34] »[35]
Other agenda[edit]
The rocky road to Peace between the Mexican government and the Zapatista Army, were due mostly to the initiatives promoted by the PGR. On 23 October 1995, with the purpose to derail the Peace Talks Dialog, the PGR once again, got them seriously disturbed by arresting Fernando Yañez Muñoz and sending him to prison. This time by violating the governing peace talks Law which granted guarantee of free passage to all of the Zapatistas during the negotiations and suspends all the arrest warrants against any of them. On 26 October 1995, the Zapatista National Liberation Army denied any association with Fernando Yañez Muñoz; Announces a Red Alert. Marcos returns to the mountains. On 26 October 1995, the PGR drops all charges against the alleged Comandante German. The COCOPA agreed with the determination. The next day on 27 October 1995 Fernando Yañez Muñoz was freed from the Reclusorio Preventivo Oriente. »[36]
"I was arrested for political reasons and I guess I am set free for political reasons, my arrest was with the objective purpose of sabotaging the talks of peace"
Yanez said to the press. »[37] The next day on 29 October 1995. The Zapatista Army of National Liberation lifts the Red Alert and the negotiations where reinstalled.
Secret meetings[edit]
Steps for Peace
In contrast with many other talks, with a broad media exposure, strong security measures and great ceremony. Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma, went for the secret talks, alone, without any security, without the reflectors glitter, which could disrupt the talks, so he went to find a solution in the Lacandon Jungle to meet with Marcos. Important agreements were reached between the two, they called them: Steps for Peace. They demonstrated their sense of will, affinities and confidence where dispensed by with respect by both a significant track of understanding got established. When the 1995 Zapatista Crisis started. It paved the way for what then where call Secret Negotiations.
Secret Negotiations
To which under-Secretary of Interior Luis Maldonado Venegas attended to find a solution, alone, without any security, or media coverage, he went to the Lacandon Jungle to negotiate with Marcos and that he did, Luis Maldonado Venegas restored the conditions for the Peace Talks. These simple acts of courage, determination and confidence, were later matched by Marcos probing to be useful to help keep the faith in the works for a peace solution, through negotiation, champion by Esteban Moctezuma, from the Mexican Secretary of Interior during the series of clashes promoted by the PGR to derail peace.
The San Andrés Agreements[edit]
On 16 February 1996, the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and Mexican government, signed the Agreements of San Andrés. With the Terms of Peace and the Constitutional change that guarantees the rights to the Indigenous peoples of Mexico. Approved by the Commission on Concordance and Pacification COCOPA, a bicameral Legislative Commission formed on March 1995 by the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) and the Senate of the Republic (Mexico), integrated by Deputies and Senate, of the political parties in Mexico to assist in the peace dialog process in the context of the 1995 Zapatista Crisis.
With delegates from 42 countries. On 27 July 1996, the EZLN organized the First Intercontinental Gathering for Humanity and against neoliberal practice.
Executive decision[edit]
Time showed that the fight against a military solution to the conflict and the strategy to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis was legal, politically and honorably correct, saving many lives in Mexico. After a rocky start because of conflicting intelligence that caused the 1995 Zapatista Crisis President Ernesto Zedillo was heading to a Military solution, and when the intelligence issue was cleared, confirming that Subcomandante Marcos was no terrorist but a pacifist by nature, as well as all the other conclusions that Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma also gave to the President Ernesto Zedillo with the purpose of trying to avoid a bloodbath of the Mexican indigenous people, as well to prevent other also terrible repercussions of an immoral and unnecessary tragic outcome.
President Ernesto Zedillo, to avoid innocent blood shedding, changed the course of action by doing the opposite of his 9 February 1995 television appearance. For that President Ernesto Zedillo endured heavy political criticism at the time, he demonstrate humility of a Great Man of State, President Ernesto Zedillo did not accept Secretary of Interior Esteban Moctezuma resignation and ask him to restore the Dialog conditions to achieve a peaceful solution to the 1995 Zapatista Crisis. On 10 March 1995 President Ernesto Zedillo and Secretary of the Interior Esteban Moctezuma sign the Presidential Decree for the Dialog, the Reconciliation and a peace with dignity in Chiapas Law. The governing Law that warrant only one agenda be in all of President Zedillo Administration, as well the Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional to achieve an honorable Peace and it is now a universal reference and example of respect to people honor and dignity.
Release of the prisoners[edit]
On appeal, the Court dismisses the previous condemnatory Sentence for the alleged Zapatistas Javier Elorriaga Berdegué and Sebastian Etzin Gomez given on 2 May 1996 for the crime of terrorism, with 13 and 6 years of imprisonment respectively and they were released on 6 June 1996. »[38] The EZLN suspends their troops Alert Status.
Connecticut Trial[edit]
According to a 2012 Economist article, a group of ten anonymous Tzotzil people claiming to be survivors of the Acteal massacre have taken an opportunity to sue former President Zedillo in a civil court in Connecticut, "seeking about $50 million and a declaration of guilt against Mr Zedillo." The victims of the massacre were members of an indigenous-rights group known as Las Abejas; however, the current president of that organization, Porfirio Arias, claims that the alleged victims were in fact not residents of Acteal at all. This has led commentators to allege the trial to be politically motivated, perhaps by a member of his own political party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, angry about Zedillo's reforms that led to the party losing power in the Mexican presidential election, 2000, after 71 years of continuous political rule.[39]
The United States Department of State recommended that President Zedillo be granted immunity from prosecution due to the actions occurring as part of his official capacity as head of state. This motion is not binding in the US court system, but judges "generally side with the State Department."[40]
The plaintiffs, who are being represented by Rafferty, Kobert, Tenenholtz, Bounds & Hess may appeal the ruling of U.S. District Judge Michael Shea to sidestep the immunity Zedillo has been granted.[41]
In 2014, the US Supreme Court refused to hear a case against Zedillo on grounds of "sovereign immunity" as a former head of state by survivors of the Acteal massacre.[42]
Post-presidency[edit]




Zedillo at the World Economic Forum Summit on the Global Agenda 2008 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.


After leaving office, Zedillo has held many jobs as an economic consultant in many international companies and organizations.
Zedillo currently works at Yale University in the United States, where he teaches economics and heads the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization. He is an advisory board member of the Millstein Center for Corporate Governance and Performance at the Yale School of Management. In 2005, he became a member of the influential Washington-based financial advisory body, the Group of Thirty. He serves on the board of advisors for Stonebridge International.[43] In 2009, he headed an external review of the World Bank Group's governance.[44] In 2010, he joined the board of directors of Citigroup.[45] He is also a member of the board of directors of Procter & Gamble, Alcoa, the Global Development Network (GDN) and Electronic Data Systems. Dr. Zedillo is also a member of the Coca-Cola Company International Advisory Board. Union Pacific owns some of the railroads that Zedillo privatized during his presidency in Mexico. Dr. Zedillo now serves as a Director of Union Pacific Corporation.
Among his other post-presidency activities, Zedillo is a member of the editorial board of Americas Quarterly, a policy journal that explores relations and development in the Western Hemisphere. He is also a member of the Club of Madrid, as well as the current chair of the Natural Resource Charter's Oversight Board. He has been a member of the Inter-American Dialogue since 2003 and currently serves as its co-chair.[46]
In July 2013, Zedillo joined The Elders, a group of independent global leaders who work together on peace and human rights issues.[47]
In 2016, Zedillo co-signed a letter calling for an end to the War on Drugs, along with people like Mary J. Blige, Jesse Jackson and George Soros.[48]
See also[edit]


Mexico portal



List of heads of state of Mexico
History of Mexico
Politics of Mexico
Cabinet of Ernesto Zedillo

References[edit]


^ Zócalo Saltillo - Alondra de la Parra toma la batuta de su divorcio
^ "Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico". History (U.S. TV channel). 31 January 1995. 
^ Zedillo rompió acuerdo de paz con el EZLN: Esteban Moctezuma
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ »
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ « Marcos en la mira de Zedillo »
^ Sí es Sebastián Guillén »
^ Otra Campana Pintada de Azul»
^ » Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Revista Proceso Maestros y condiscípulos de Tampico recuerdan a Rafael Sebastián Guillén »
^ «The world first postmodern revolution »
^ «Seamus McGreal The Zapatista rebellion as postmodern revolution »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ «Renuncia en Gobernación »
^ [3]
^ Marcos en la mira de Zedillo
^ »
^ [4]
^ «Sobre mis pasos de Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano»
^ Renuncia en Gobernación
^ [5]
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ »
^ "Mexico and Justice: The trials of Ernesto Zedillo". The Economist. 1 September 2012. 
^ Randal C. Archibold (8 September 2012). "U.S. Moves to Grant Former Mexican President Immunity in Suit". The New York Times. 
^ June, Daniel, "Former Mexican President Evades Charges of Massacre Through Immunity"
^ Indianz.com 8 October 2014 Archived 15 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Stonebridge International Board of Advisors". 
^ "Outside Review Supports World Bank Group Reform". 21 October 2009. 
^ Smith, Randall (27 February 2010). "Citigroup to Restructure Its Board". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Inter-American Dialogue | Ernesto Zedillo". www.thedialogue.org. Retrieved 2016-10-04. 
^ "Kofi Annan announces two new Elders: Hina Jilani and Ernesto Zedillo". TheElders.org. 2013-07-11. Retrieved 2013-07-18. 
^ http://www.drugpolicy.org/news/2016/04/over-1000-leaders-worldwide-call-end-disastrous-drug-war-ahead-un-special-session


Sources[edit]

Schmidt, Samuel (2000). México encadenado: El legado de Zedillo y los retos de Fox. Mexico D.F.: Colibrí.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ernesto Zedillo.



Appearances on C-SPAN
Ernesto Zedillo on IMDb
Works by or about Ernesto Zedillo in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Ernesto Zedillo collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
(in Spanish) Extended biography by CIDOB Foundation
(in Spanish) The website of Ernesto Zedillo during his presidency



Political offices


Preceded by
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
President of Mexico
1994–2000
Succeeded by
Vicente Fox


Party political offices


Preceded by
Luis Donaldo Colosio
(assassinated)
PRI presidential candidate
1994 (won)
Succeeded by
Francisco Labastida








v
t
e


Presidents of Mexico






Guadalupe Victoria
Vicente Guerrero
José María Bocanegra
Pedro Vélez
Anastasio Bustamante
Melchor Múzquiz
Manuel Gómez Pedraza
Valentín Gómez Farías
Antonio López de Santa Anna
Miguel Barragán
José Justo Corro
Nicolás Bravo
Francisco Javier Echeverría
Valentín Canalizo
José Joaquín de Herrera
Mariano Paredes
José Mariano Salas
Pedro María de Anaya
Manuel de la Peña
Mariano Arista
Juan Bautista Ceballos
Manuel María Lombardini
Martín Carrera
Rómulo Díaz
Juan Álvarez Hurtado
Ignacio Comonfort



Félix María Zuloaga
Manuel Robles Pezuela
Miguel Miramón
José Ignacio Pavón



Benito Juárez
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada
José María Iglesias
Juan N. Méndez
Porfirio Díaz
Manuel González Flores
Francisco León de la Barra
Francisco I. Madero
Pedro Lascuráin
Victoriano Huerta
Francisco S. Carvajal
Venustiano Carranza
Eulalio Gutiérrez
Roque González Garza
Francisco Lagos Cházaro
Adolfo de la Huerta
Álvaro Obregón
Plutarco Elías Calles
Emilio Portes Gil
Pascual Ortiz Rubio
Abelardo Luján Rodríguez



Lázaro Cárdenas
Manuel Ávila Camacho
Miguel Alemán Valdés
Adolfo Ruiz Cortines
Adolfo López Mateos
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz
Luis Echeverría
José López Portillo
Miguel de la Madrid
Carlos Salinas de Gortari
Ernesto Zedillo
Vicente Fox
Felipe Calderón
Enrique Peña Nieto











President of Mexico (Vice-President)
Emperor of Mexico (Regent)












v
t
e


The Elders



Chair



Kofi Annan





Deputy Chair



Gro Harlem Brundtland





Members



Martti Ahtisaari
Ela Bhatt
Lakhdar Brahimi
Fernando Henrique Cardoso
Hina Jilani
Graça Machel
Mary Robinson
Ernesto Zedillo





Honorary Members



Desmond Tutu (former chair)





Former Members



Jimmy Carter
Li Zhaoxing
Nelson Mandela (founder)
Aung San Suu Kyi
Muhammad Yunus












v
t
e


Procter & Gamble



People



Norman R. Augustine
Clarence Gamble
James Gamble
A.G. Lafley
Lynn Morley Martin
James McNerney
William Procter
William Cooper Procter
John F. Smith Jr.
Ralph Snyderman
Meg Whitman
Ernesto Zedillo





Brands



Always
Ambi Pur
Ariel
Aussie
Bold
Bonux 3 in 1
Bounty
Braun
Camay
Charmin
Cheer
Clairol
CoverGirl
Crest/Blend-A-Med
Dawn
DayQuil
Daz
Downy
Dreft
Eukanuba
Fairy
Febreze
Gain
Gillette
Gillette Mach3
Gleem
Head & Shoulders
Herbal Essences
Iams
Ivory
Joy
Luvs
Max Factor
Metamucil
Mr. Clean
Nice 'n Easy
NyQuil
Olay
Old Spice
Oral-B
Pampers
Pantene
Pepto-Bismol
Puffs
Safeguard
Secret
SK-II
Scope
Swiffer
Tampax
Tide
Vicks
Wella
more...





Related



Arbora & Ausonia Joint Venture
Baltimore Plant
BeingGirl
Chemicals
Decision Earth
Hankook P&G
MDVIP
PG Tips
Port Ivory
Pringles
Procter & Gamble Co. v. OHIM
Tyneside
Procter & Gamble Philippines









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 61883266
LCCN: n88665079
ISNI: 0000 0001 1766 5584
GND: 122197127
SUDOC: 092419992
BNF: cb150049787 (data)
NKC: jo2010570550










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ernesto_Zedillo&oldid=784193794"					
Categories: 1951 birthsDirectors of CitigroupGroup of ThirtyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeInstitutional Revolutionary Party politiciansLiving peopleMexican Secretaries of EducationMexican economistsMexican expatriates in the United StatesMexican Roman CatholicsMexican presidential candidates (1994)Instituto Politécnico Nacional alumniPoliticians from Mexico CityPresidents of MexicoProcter & Gamble peopleRecipients of the Collar of the Order of the Cross of Terra MarianaRecipients of the Star of Romania OrderYale University alumniYale University facultyHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse dmy dates from September 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2008Articles with unsourced statements from September 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2008Articles with Spanish-language external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuCatalàDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어IdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 00:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











  Ernesto Zedillo – The New York Review of Books
  
























































































Google+





Facebook





Twitter





RSS






0 









































Shopping cart
Subscribe

Current Issue
NYR Daily
Calendar
Archives
Classifieds
Shop

Illustrations
Clearance Items


Newsletters
Books



























 



Subscribe

Start a Print Subscription
Print Premium Subscription
Give a Gift Subscription
Renew a Subscription
Online Edition
Digital Editions
Academic/Institutional
Customer Service


Current Issue
NYR Daily

Calendar
Archives
Classifieds
Shop

Illustrations
Clearance Items


Newsletters



























Home
>


Products


>
Ernesto Zedillo
















Ernesto Zedillo

David Levine





$150.00



Political and Government Types









Framed - $150.00











In The ReviewThis drawing appeared in the following:

The Mystery of Mexican Politics from the November 17, 1994 issue


Purchase a framed print of this imageEach print has an approximate image size of 7-½″ x 10-½″, is printed on heavy white archival paper, and comes in a matte black wood-composite 12″ x 16″ glass frame with an off-white acid-free archival mat. Frame border is 1″ and mat border is 2″; outer dimensions are 13-½″ x 17-¾″ x 1-&frac58;″.
As each print is made to order, please allow 5–10 business days for printing and framing, in addition to shipping time. 
Returning customers: please note the description of the frame, which might be different from your previous purchase.






Share
0



Tweet
0



Pin it
0

















Related















A. A. Milne
David Levine
















A. B. Yehoshua
David Levine
















A. E. Houseman
David Levine
















A. J. Liebling
David Levine
















A. J. P. Taylor
David Levine
















A. J. P. Taylor
David Levine





























  Products – The New York Review of Books
  














































































Google+





Facebook





Twitter





RSS






0 









































Shopping cart
Subscribe

Current Issue
NYR Daily
Calendar
Archives
Classifieds
Shop

Illustrations
Clearance Items


Newsletters
Books



























 



Subscribe

Start a Print Subscription
Print Premium Subscription
Give a Gift Subscription
Renew a Subscription
Online Edition
Digital Editions
Academic/Institutional
Customer Service


Current Issue
NYR Daily

Calendar
Archives
Classifieds
Shop

Illustrations
Clearance Items


Newsletters

























Products





Home
>
Products
> Page 1 of 63
















1963 Premier Issue Commemorative Reprint







Sale









50th Anniversary Tote
















A. A. Milne
David Levine
















A. B. Yehoshua
David Levine
















A. E. Houseman
David Levine
















A. J. Liebling
David Levine
















A. J. P. Taylor
David Levine
















A. J. P. Taylor
David Levine
















A. Philip Randolph
David Levine
















A. S. Byatt
David Levine
















Aaron Burr
David Levine
















Aaron Copland
David Levine
















Abbie Hoffman
David Levine
















Abbie Hoffman
David Levine
















Abdel Fattah el-Sisi
James Ferguson
















Abdelaziz Bouteflika
David Levine
















Abdulrazak Gurnah
David Levine
















Abdurrahman Wahid
David Levine
















Abe Beame
David Levine
















Abe Shinzo
Pancho
















Abigail and Stephan Thernstrom
David Levine
















Abraham Lincoln
David Levine
















Abraham Lincoln
David Levine
















Abraham Pais
David Levine
















Abram Tertz
David Levine
















Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
James Ferguson
















Abu Mazen
David Levine
















Abu Nidal
David Levine
















Abu Sharif
David Levine
















Adam Clayton Powell
David Levine
















Adam Michnik
David Levine
















Adam Smith
David Levine
















Adam von Trott
David Levine
















Adam Zagajewski
David Levine
















Admirial William Owens
David Levine
















Adolf Berle
David Levine
















Adolf Berle
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
David Levine
















Adolf Hitler
Pancho
















Adolf Loos
David Levine
















Adolfo Suarez
David Levine
















Adrienne Monnier
David Levine
















Adrienne Rich
David Levine
















African Art
David Levine
















Agatha Christie
David Levine
















Aharon Appelfeld
David Levine
















Aidan Higgins
David Levine
















Akio Morita
David Levine
















Al D’Amato
David Levine
















Al Gore
John Springs
















Al Gore
David Levine
















Al Gore
David Levine










Page 1 of 63
Next


























 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = Ernesto Zedillo; range = all. Search again. 1 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct The Future of GlobalizationExplorations in Light of Recent TurbulenceEdited by Ernesto ZedilloErudite and topical, this well balanced treatment, with essays from world renowned contributors including the former President of Ireland – Mary Robinson, Jagdish Bhagwati and Nobel prize winner Joseph Stiglitz, considers the forces that propel globalization and those that resist it. Local and…Paperback – 2007-08-16RoutledgeAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisherPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search
























Ernesto Zedillo | president of Mexico | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Dunkirk evacuation
Pangea
truth
Cold War
Sir Isaac Newton











Ernesto Zedillopresident of Mexico



Written By:
The Editors of Encyclopædia Britannica


See Article History






Alternative Title:
		Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León



Ernesto Zedillo
President of Mexico

Also known asErnesto Zedillo Ponce de LeónbornDecember 27, 1951 (age 65)Mexico City, Mexicotitle / officepresident, Mexico (1994-2000)political affiliationInstitutional Revolutionary Party


View Biographies Related To
Categories

government
education
president

Dates

December 27









Related Biographies


Adolfo López Mateos


Emilio Portes Gil


Enrique Peña Nieto


Lázaro Cárdenas


Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano


Miguel de la Madrid


Andrés Manuel López Obrador


Plutarco Elías Calles


Antonio López de Santa Anna


Carlos Hank González




Ernesto Zedillo, in full Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León  (born December 27, 1951, Mexico City, Mexico), president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000.Reared in a working-class family in Mexicali, Mexico, just south of the California border, Zedillo returned to his native Mexico City in 1965 to study at the National Polytechnic Institute. In 1971 he joined the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), the dominant political party in Mexico since 1929. Zedillo also studied in the United States, receiving his doctorate in economics from Yale University in 1981. He then worked for Mexico’s central bank and at the Ministry of Programming and Budget, becoming secretary in 1988. As such, he successfully controlled Mexico’s immense foreign debt and reduced the inflation rate from 160 percent to only about 8 percent in five years. He also helped Mexico achieve its first balanced budget. Appointed secretary of education in 1992, Zedillo decentralized the public school system and attempted to revise textbooks and raise the literacy rate. In 1993 he became campaign manager for PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio, and when Colosio was assassinated on March 23, 1994, Zedillo was named the party’s candidate. He won by a comfortable margin, although the election was the closest in the PRI’s history. As president he continued the economic policies of his predecessor, Carlos Salinas de Gortari, but devoted a major effort to restoring public confidence, which was so badly damaged by the scandals of the Salinas administration.Soon after taking office, Zedillo faced an economic crisis as the country was forced to devalue the peso, causing the Mexican stock market to plunge. In 1995 he accepted the terms of a U.S. plan to stabilize the currency, and by the late 1990s Mexico’s economy was slowly improving. Zedillo also instituted a number of reforms designed to end political corruption and create freer elections. Barred by the constitution from running for reelection, he announced in 1999 that the PRI would, for the first time, hold a presidential primary; critics, however, charged that the vote was rigged. Francisco Labastida Ochoa was selected PRI’s candidate, but he was defeated in the 2000 presidential election by Vicente Fox Quesada of the National Action Party (PAN). Zedillo left office later that year, ending the PRI’s 71-year rule of Mexico.

Learn More in these related articles:
Mexico: Prosperity and repression under the PRI...José Francisco Ruíz Massieu. (The brother of former president Salinas was imprisoned from 1995 to 2005 while being investigated for the latter’s murder.) Colosio’s campaign manager, Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León, was designated the new PRI candidate and went on to win the election.Read MoreMexico: Political process...gubernatorial candidates were similarly successful. Typically, the sitting president, as leader of the party, selected its next presidential candidate—thus effectively choosing a successor. Ernesto Zedillo, the president from 1994 to 2000, broke from that tradition in 1999, prompting the PRI to hold a primary election to choose a candidate; Zedillo also instituted other electoral...Read MoreInstitutional Revolutionary Party (PRI)In 1994 Salinas’s hand-picked successor, Luis Colosio, was assassinated while campaigning, and the party subsequently chose as its presidential candidate Ernesto Zedillo, a cabinet secretary who had helped balance Mexico’s budget and improve the country’s literacy rate during the 1990s. Although Zedillo won comfortably, his margin of victory was the narrowest ever for the PRI in a presidential...Read More


More about Ernesto Zedillo

4 References found in Britannica ArticlesAssorted Referenceconflict with Zapatista National Liberation Army
		(in Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN): The rebellion)
	history ofInstitutional Revolutionary Party
		(in Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI))
	Mexico
		(in Mexico: Political process)
	
		(in Mexico: Prosperity and repression under the PRI)
	


External Links
Britannica Web sites
Articles from Britannica encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.Ernesto Zedillo - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)(born 1951). Ernesto Zedillo became president of Mexico in 1994. Although he was committed to democratic reform, he came to power as part of a corrupt, essentially single-party system. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary party (PRI), which had dominated the country’s government since 1929. Within his first month in office, he also faced a major economic crisis as the value of the currency plummeted. By the end of Zedillo’s six-year term, however, the economy had rebounded and the country had held its fairest elections ever.
Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.
















Keep Exploring Britannica




Abraham Lincoln
16th president of the United States (1861–65), who preserved the Union during the American Civil War and brought about the emancipation of the slaves. (For a discussion of the history and nature of the...


            Read this Article





Barack Obama
44th president of the United States (2009–17) and the first African American to hold the office. Before winning the presidency, Obama represented Illinois in the U.S. Senate (2005–08). He was the third...


            Read this Article





5 of the World’s Most-Devastating Financial Crises
Many of us still remember the collapse of the U.S. housing market in 2006 and the ensuing financial crisis that wreaked havoc on the U.S. and around the world. Financial crises are, unfortunately, quite...


            Read this List





Exploring Latin American History
Take this History quiz at encyclopedia britannica to test your knowledge of Mexico, Belize, and other Latin American countries.


            Take this Quiz





7 Drugs that Changed the World
People have swallowed elixirs, inhaled vapors, and applied ointments in the name of healing for millennia. But only a small number of substances can be said to have fundamentally revolutionized medicine....


            Read this List





Ronald Reagan
40th president of the United States (1981–89), noted for his conservative Republicanism, his fervent anticommunism, and his appealing personal style, characterized by a jaunty affability and folksy charm....


            Read this Article





10 Deadly Animals that Fit in a Breadbox
Everybody knows that big animals can be deadly. Lions, for instance, have sharp teeth and claws and are good at chasing down their prey. Shark Week always comes around and reminds us that although shark...


            Read this List





Structures of Government: Fact or Fiction?
Take this Political History True or False Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of parliamentary democracy, feudalism, and other forms of government.


            Take this Quiz





John F. Kennedy
35th president of the United States (1961–63), who faced a number of foreign crises, especially in Cuba and Berlin, but managed to secure such achievements as the Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty and the Alliance...


            Read this Article





Donald Trump
45th president of the United States (2017–). Trump was also a real-estate developer who amassed vast hotel, casino, golf, and other properties in the New York City area and around the world. Business...


            Read this Article





Famous People in History
Take this History quiz at encyclopedia britannica to test your knowledge of famous personalities.


            Take this Quiz





Bill Clinton
42nd president of the United States (1993–2001), who oversaw the country’s longest peacetime economic expansion. In 1998 he became the second U.S. president to be impeached; he was acquitted by the Senate...


            Read this Article




View More













MEDIA FOR:
Ernesto Zedillo


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Ernesto Zedillo
President of Mexico


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit












Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join








Ernesto Zedillo
president of Mexico


Print


Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×





















Ernesto Zedillo by Andrés Mariscal on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookErnesto Zedillo
                            
                                PEMEX
Andrés Mariscal Hernández
Natsumi Simental Murakami
Daniela Esther De La Cruz Mendez
                            
                        
        
            by Andrés Mariscal
        
        on 12 December 2012
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Ernesto ZedilloPOLÍTICA INDUSTRIAL Puso en operación Programa de Política Industrial y Comercio Exterior.Continuó con una política de "sustitución eficiente de importaciones".Se da el aumento de empleo gracias a a la integración de cadenas productivas.El sector público siguió dependiendo de los ingresos petroleros. Se fomento la exportación del crudo.Apoyo del gobierno a las empresas maquiladoras y a las empresas industriales de exportación.La política industrial zedillista fue un fracaso, la industria vivió uno de sus peores sexenios. Cierra de empresas, crecimiento de la piratería, y aumento de la economía informal. SECTOR AGRÍCOLA Mantuvo la política agropecuaria del gobierno salinista; entre las principales acciones destacan: Biografía Nació el 27 de diciembre de 1951 en la Ciudad de México. Sector de servicios En este caso, la rama de transportes, almacenamiento y comunicación fue la mas dinámica con un crecimiento del 6.1%, seguida de comercio, restaurantes y hoteles con 5.3%, la de servicios financieros solo creció 2.9% y la de servicios comunales 1.6% Política de Servicios Se privatizaron carreteras importantes.Se privatizó el sistema de pensionesModificó la Ley del Seguro SocialSe puso en marcha el Programa Modernización Educativa.Se formuló el Programa de Ciencia y Tecnología.Apoyó a los inversionistas privados en el área de carreteras. Política Fiscal Problemas Económicos de México Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León Durante su infancia, vivió en Baja California. Estudia la Licenciatura en economía en la Escuela Superior de Economía del Instituto Politécnico Nacional. Ingresó en el Partido Revolucionario Institucional. Posteriormente estudió en la Universidad de Yale. (Ciencias Económicas) En 1992 fue nombrado Secretario de Educación Pública, cargo al que renunció en 1993 para asumir la dirección de la campaña del candidato oficial a la presidencia, Luis Donaldo Colosio. El 21 de agosto de 1994, resulta electo Presidente de México, con más de 17 millones de votos. Puso en marcha programas de asistencia técnica y financiamiento para la producción de granos básicos Creo el programa Produce para la capitalización del campo y la preservación de los recursos naturales. El sector agropecuario solo creció 2.2% en promedio anual. Siguió creciendo la economía informal; así mas de 10 millones de personas no pagaron impuestos. El promedio anual de contribuyentes activos durante el sexenio fue de 5,605,560 personas físicas. Aunque el SAT, dependiente de la secretaría de hacienda, simplificó muchos tramites, el pago de impuestos representó un problema para muchas personas. Política laboral y salarial Se reconoció un empleo abierto de 3.9%. Los años críticos fueron 1995 y 1996.El salario mínimo general paso de $13.97 a $35.12.No se crearon suficientes empleos en todos los ámbitos.Se reconoció la necesidad de revisar y analizar la Ley Federal del Trabajo. Solo se plantearon cambios que no se aprobaron. (quedaron a medias) Política Exterior México firma el Tratado de Libre Comercio con Costa Rica. (1995) Continua la participación de México en el TLCAN. México fue adherido a la Organización Mundial de Comercio (OMC) Política Económica En general, en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo la política económica se alejo de la planeación y los resultados económicos fueron muy pobres: bajas tasas de crecimiento, aumento de marginados y de personas en extrema pobreza, incremento de la salida de divisas del país por diversos conceptos; en síntesis, ausencia del desarrollo socioeconómico y sustentable. "El bienestar para la familia" solo fue para algunos cuantos. Política de Ciencia y Tec. Se promulgó la Ley para el Fomento de la Investigación Científica y Tecnológica con el objetivo de promover la ciencia y tecnología. Se crearon Centros Públicos de Investigación. Se apoyó el Programa Especial en  Ciencia y Tecnología con recursos del gobierno federal. Política de Inversión Extranjera Se fomentó la entrada de empresas con capital extranjero, como franquicias y maquiladoras, en forma independiente o asociadas a compañías nacionales. Ejemplos de la expansión de estas empresas son Wal-Mart,Banco Bilbao Vizcaya y Banco Santander. También se firman tratados con: Bolivia (1995), Israel (1997) y la Unión Europea (2000) Gracias por su atenciónFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Andrés Mariscal
        BREXITOporto & Anís. EnologíaGastronomía y Ciencia de los AlimentosZona del Pacífico SurAndrés Mariscal H., Aranza García A. Diana Torres O.
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks

Ernesto Zedillo | Speakers | The Landon Lecture Series | Kansas State University


Kansas State University
search
Search K-State web, people, directories


Browse A-Z

Sign in





K-State Online
OrgSync
MyLibrary
KSIS
HRIS
Webmail

Status of ITS resources
Sign in to Connect






K-State home»The Landon Lecture Series»Speakers»Ernesto ZedilloLandon Lecture Series on Public Issues
Landon Lecture Home
Speakers
History
Become a Patron

The Landon Lecture SeriesKansas State UniversityOffice of the PresidentAttn: Shelly Broccolo
110 Anderson HallManhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6221
Ernesto ZedilloFormer president of MexicoHis career in government began in late 1987 when he appointed undersecretary of the budget for the Mexican federal government. As secretary of economic programming and the budget from 1988 to 1992, Zedillo contributed to the successful economic reforms by the Mexican government in the early 1990s.Zedillo was appointed secretary of education in early 1992 with a mandate to reform the Mexican basic education system. Zedillo entered the presidential race in 1994 when his party's original candidate was assassinated. He was elected Aug. 21, 1994, receiving 50 percent of the votes cast. More than 78 percent of Mexico's elegible voters participated in the election.As president, Zedillo pushed for political reforms to help achieve full democracy in Mexico. His government also had to deal with major financial and economic crisis. Under Zedillo, Mexico achieved, from 1996 to 2000, its highest gross domestic product in recent history.Ernesto ZedilloLandon LectureMay 3, 2001VideoAudioTranscript



Contact us
Emergency
Statements and disclosures
Accessibility



Kansas State University
Manhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6011
© Kansas State University
Updated: 8/19/15 











The Landon Lecture Series | Kansas State University



Kansas State University
search
Search K-State web, people, directories


Browse A-Z

Sign in





K-State Online
OrgSync
MyLibrary
KSIS
HRIS
Webmail

Status of ITS resources
Sign in to Connect






K-State home»The Landon Lecture SeriesLandon Lecture Series on Public Issues
Landon Lecture Home
Speakers
History
Become a Patron

The Landon Lecture SeriesKansas State UniversityOffice of the PresidentAttn: Shelly Broccolo
110 Anderson HallManhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6221


The Landon Lecture Series
Kansas State University is home to the Landon Lecture Series, one of the nation's most prestigious and well-known lectures. Several times a year, global leaders share insight on the Landon Lecture stage. Inaugurated in 1966 by former K-State President James A. McCain, the lecture series is a tribute to the late Alfred M. Landon, a former Kansas governor and distinguished political leader. Speakers have included current and former U.S. presidents, world leaders, Supreme Court justices, CEOs and many other prominent figures.
Upcoming lectures
All lectures are free and open to the public — no tickets required. Find directions to campus or view the Manhattan campus map to find lecture locations and visitor parking.
Recent LecturesMartin BaronExecutive editor for the Washington PostApril 6, 2017Dr. Temple GrandinAuthor, world-renowned autism spokesperson, consultant to the livestock industry on animal behavior and professor of animal science at Colorado State UniversityTuesday, Nov. 29, 2016Navy Adm. Cecil HaneyOutgoing commander of the U.S. Strategic CommandFriday, Oct. 21, 2016 




Contact us
Emergency
Statements and disclosures
Accessibility



Kansas State University
Manhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6011
© Kansas State University
Updated: 4/26/17












Speakers | Landon Lecture Series | Kansas State University



Kansas State University
search
Search K-State web, people, directories


Browse A-Z

Sign in





K-State Online
OrgSync
MyLibrary
KSIS
HRIS
Webmail

Status of ITS resources
Sign in to Connect






K-State home»The Landon Lecture Series»SpeakersLandon Lecture Series on Public Issues
Landon Lecture Home
Speakers
History
Become a Patron

The Landon Lecture SeriesKansas State UniversityOffice of the PresidentAttn: Shelly Broccolo
110 Anderson HallManhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6221


Series Speakers
Since its inception in 1966, The Landon Lecture Series has welcomed hundreds of influential and inspirational individuals to its stage. From foreign heads of state to Fortune 500 company CEOs, Landon speakers have historically underscored current tones and cultural shifts felt around the globe.
2017
SpeakerDateMartin BaronExecutive editor for the Washington PostApril 6, 2017
2016
SpeakerDateDr. Temple GrandinAuthor, world-renowned autism spokesperson, consultant to the livestock industry on animal behavior and professor of animal science at Colorado State UniversityNovember 29, 2016Navy Adm. Cecil HaneyOutgoing commander of the U.S. Strategic CommandOctober 21, 2016Higher Education Panel of Kansas State University Alumni Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen Jr., David Hall and Bud PetersonSuperintendent of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point; president of the University of the Virgin Islands; and president of Georgia Institute of TechnologySeptember 26, 2016Wes BushCEO of Northrop GrummanSeptember 6, 2016Luis Guillermo SolísPresident of Costa RicaMay 19, 2016Dr. Mehmood KhanPepsiCo vice chairman and chief scientific officer, global research and developmentChoose BothApril 25, 2016John Avlon and Margaret HooverPolitical punditsApril 15, 2016H.W. Brands
Historian, author and the Jack S. Blanton Sr. chair in history at the University of Texas, AustinReagan brought parties togetherApril 7, 2016
2015
SpeakerDateJeh JohnsonU.S. Secretary of Homeland SecurityThe New Realities of Homeland SecurityMay 27, 2015Steve Forbes
Chairman and Editor in Chief of Forbes MediaRemarks About the U.S. and the Global EconomyMarch 9, 2015
2014
SpeakerDateThomas Donilon
Former National Security Adviser to President Barack ObamaA Morning with Thomas DonilonApril 15, 2014John Skipper, Bob Bowlsby, DeLoss Dodds and Kirk Schulz
ESPN Inc. President; Big 12 Commissioner; Former University of Texas Athletics Director; and President of Kansas State UniversityExperts on College AthleticsApril 2, 2014
2013
SpeakerDateMike Johanns, Ann Veneman, Dan Glickman, Ed Schafer, Mike Espy and John Block
Six Former U.S. Secretaries of AgricultureA Conversation with the SecretariesOct. 21, 2013Michael Oren
Israeli AmbassadorIsrael, the Ultimate AllyJan. 29, 2013
2012
SpeakerDateMartin Dempsey
U.S. Army General and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of StaffImage of a VeteranOct. 1, 2012Tom Vilsack
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureWhy America Needs AgricultureApril 10, 2012
2011
SpeakerDateAlan K. Simpson
Former U.S. Senator, WyomingShared Sacrifice and Going BrokeOct. 26, 2011Sonia Sotomayor
Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme CourtJustice Sonia Sotomayor on the Supreme CourtJan. 27, 2011
2010
SpeakerDateKathleen Sebelius
U.S. Secretary of Health and Human ServicesHealth Care in Transition — A New EraNov. 29, 2010Michael G. Mullen
U.S. Navy Admiral and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of StaffThe Nature of War TodayMarch 3, 2010Dennis C. Blair
Director of National IntelligenceThe National Intelligence CommunityFeb. 22, 2010
2009
SpeakerDateSheila C. Bair
Chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.The Financial Crisis: How Did It Happen and What to do About ItNov. 2, 2009David Petraeus
U.S. Army General and Commander of the U.S. Central CommandCounterinsurgency Approaches in Iraq and AfghanistanApril 27, 2009
2008
SpeakerDateVicente Fox
Former President of MexicoU.S. and Mexico: My Hope for a Prosperous FutureSept. 23, 2008Michael Hayden
U.S. Air Force General and Director of Central Intelligence AgencyThe CIA and Global Trends in the 21st CenturyApril 30, 2008H.E. Zhou Wenzhong
Chinese AmbassadorThe Current State of U.S.-China RelationsFeb. 11, 2008
2007
SpeakerDateRobert Gates
U.S. Secretary of DefenseNational Power: Soft Power and Hard PowerNov. 26, 2007Bill Clinton
Former U.S. PresidentNew Challenges in International Relations IIMarch 2, 2007Prince Turki Al-Faisal
Outgoing Saudi Ambassador to the U.S.New Challenges in International RelationsJan. 26, 2007
2006
SpeakerDateDonald Rumsfeld
U.S. Secretary of DefenseA Time of PerilNov. 9, 2006John Hofmeister
President of Shell Oil Co.The Energy Situation Today and in the FutureSept. 8, 2006Lech Walesa
Former President of Poland and a Trade Union ActivistMy Perspectives on the History of Poland and its Role in Creating the Modern WorldApril 13, 2006Sam Brownback
U.S. Senator, KansasAmerican ExceptionalismFeb. 22, 2006George W. Bush
U.S. PresidentPresidential Decision-makingJan. 23, 2006
2005
SpeakerDateTed Turner
Co-founder of CNN and Other Major Cable Network Channels and World-renowned PhilanthropistThe Future of the World as I See ItNov. 28, 2005Mikhail Gorbachev
Former President of the U.S.S.R.Russia and the New World OrderOct. 28, 2005Ryozo Kato
Japanese Ambassador to the U.S.Sharing a Global MissionOct. 18, 2005Brian Williams
Anchor and Managing Editor of "NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams"Reflections on the Power of Television and Modern LifeMay 3, 2005Jim Lehrer
Executive Editor and Anchor of "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer" on PBSPolitics and the Discourse DeficitApril 4, 2005Lee Hamilton
Vice Chair of the 9-11 CommissionSecurity in America After 9-11March 29, 2005
2004
SpeakerDateBill Schneider
Senior Political Analyst at CNNPolitical Analysis of the 2004 Presidential ElectionNov. 16, 2004Arthur Sulzberger Jr.
Publisher of The New York TimesThe Problem with Modern Political DiscourseSept. 13, 2004Tom Daschle
U.S. Senator, South Dakota, and U.S. Senate Minority LeaderCan We Talk? Free Speech and Civil Discourse in Turbulent TimesMay 10, 2004Pat Roberts
U.S. Senator, KansasReforming the Intelligence Community in the Age of Global TerrorismMay 3, 2004Robert Mueller
Director of the FBIThe FBI: Changing to Meet Today's ChallengesApril 13, 2004

2003
SpeakerDatePaul Harvey
Radio NewsmanA Message of Freedom with ResponsibilitySept. 19, 2003Ashleigh Banfield
MSNBC AnchorTV Cable News and War CoverageApril 24, 2003Michael Beschloss
Presidential HistorianHindsight vs. Real Time: Assessing the Actions of the PresidencyMarch 6, 2003Chuck Hagel
U.S. Senator, NebraskaAmerica's Purpose in the WorldFeb. 20, 2003
2002
SpeakerDateGale Norton
U.S. Secretary of the InteriorThe New Environmentalism and Creating Citizen ConservationistsMay 6, 2002J.C. Watts Jr.
U.S. Representative, OklahomaSustaining the Greatness of AmericaApril 26, 2002David McCullough
Pulitzer Prize-winning AuthorThe Founders: The Greatest GenerationFeb. 1, 2002
2001
SpeakerDateDavid Gergen
Editor-at-large of U.S. News and World ReportSept. 11 is a New Call to Public ServiceNov. 2, 2001Dr. David Satcher
U.S. Surgeon GeneralA Prescription for the American PeopleSept. 20, 2001Ernesto Zedillo
Former President of MexicoMore, Not Less, Globalization is the AnswerMay 3, 2001Stephen Ambrose
Historian and AuthorEisenhower: A Great and Good ManApril 19, 2001
2000
SpeakerDateDonna E. Shalala
U.S. Secretary of Health and Human ServicesThe Five Challenges of Supporting Health Care: A Vision for the Highest and the Common GoodNov. 17, 2000Richard B. Myers
U.S. Air Force General and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of StaffWhy We ServeApril 26, 2000Bob Woodward
Investigative JournalistA Little Honest Communication: Four Questions About Politics and the MediaMarch 29, 2000
1999
SpeakerDateHenry Hyde
U.S. Representative, IllinoisDefining and Understanding Culture and PoliticsDec. 1, 1999Cokie Roberts
Political Analyst for ABC NewsPresidential Campaign Politics, the Gender Gap, and the Power Split Between Congress and the PresidencyNov. 8, 1999John McCain
U.S. Senator, ArizonaBuilding a Better AmericaMarch 15, 1999Howard Baker
Former U.S. Senator, TennesseeOur Remarkable System of Government: Its Future in an Uncertain WorldMarch 9, 1999
1998
There were no Landon Lectures during this year.
1997
SpeakerDateSam Donaldson
ABC News VeteranThe State of Television News TodayNov. 21, 1997Phil Gramm
U.S. Senator, TexasHow to Reform Medicare and Social SecurityOct. 17, 1997William S. Cohen
U.S. Secretary of DefenseStaying the Course: Our Legacy and Our DestinySept. 12, 1997Doris Kearns Goodwin
1995 Pulitzer Prize Winner in HistoryThe Past in All its Beauty, Sorrow, GloryApril 22, 1997
1996
SpeakerDateMarlin Fitzwater
Former Press Secretary to Presidents Reagan and BushSurfing the Tidal Wave: Changes in the Practice of JournalismNov. 21, 1996Nancy Landon Kassebaum
U.S. Senator, KansasThe Intersection of Hope and DoubtSept. 9, 1996Henry Kissinger
Former U.S. Secretary of StateDifferent Histories, Different Conceptions: The New World and Our Role in International RelationsApril 29, 1996Wojciech Jaruzelski
Former President of PolandMoving Poland Toward DemocracyMarch 11, 1996Harold Varmus
Director of the National Institutes of HealthGene Research: A Biological FrontierFeb. 5, 1996
1995
SpeakerDateJanet Reno
U.S. Attorney GeneralOur Children, Our CommunitiesOct. 24, 1995Dan Glickmam
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureSecuring Our Place in the Global EconomySept. 8, 1995William Raspberry
Urban Affairs Columnist for The Washington PostA Crisis of CommunityApril 13, 1995William Perry
U.S. Secretary of DefenseThe Consequences and Choices of Alternative Security Policies in BosniaMarch 9, 1995H. Ross Perot
Former Presidential Candidate and BusinessmanCareer Advice for the 21st CenturyJan. 24, 1995
1994
SpeakerDateMike Espy
U.S. Secretary of AgriculturePromises Made, Promises KeptFeb. 3, 1994
1993
SpeakerDateThe Rev. Jesse Jackson
Civil Rights Leader and ActivistTrapped in the Trade Winds of Our Times: Violence and Crime in AmericaNov. 29, 1993Pat Robertson
Founder of Christian Broadcast NetworkThe Turning TideOct. 12, 1993Robert Strauss
Former U.S. Ambassador to Soviet UnionParticipating in the Promise of Spring in RussiaMay 5, 1993
1992
SpeakerDateBernard Shaw
CNN Principal Washington AnchorAn Uneven Playing Field in AmericaNov. 20, 1992Lynne Cheney
Director of National Endowment for the HumanitiesLet's Get Back to Teaching TruthsOct. 30, 1992Lamar Alexander
U.S. Secretary of EducationEducation in TransitionOct. 7, 1992President Violeta Chamorro
President of NicaraguaChanging the State of History in NicaraguaApril 8, 1992
1991
SpeakerDateLawrence Douglas Wilder
Governor of VirginiaThe Need for ChangeOct. 30, 1991David L. Boren
U.S. Senator, OklahomaThe Next Century: Is America Ready for It?Oct. 14, 1991Jimmy Carter
Former U.S. PresidentLife After the White House: Global Issues and the Middle EastApril 26, 1991Bill Bradley
U.S. Senator, New JerseyThe New World Challenges America FacesApril 15, 1991
1990
SpeakerDateRichard H. Truly
Vice Admiral in the U.S. Navy, Former Astronaut and Current NASA AdministratorThe Exploration of SpaceDec. 12, 1990Elizabeth Dole
U.S. Secretary of LaborReflections on the State of the American WorkforceOct. 31, 1990Abba Eban
Former Israeli Ambassador to the United Nations and U.S.Prospects for Peace in the Middle EastJan. 29, 1990
1989
SpeakerDateColin Powell
U.S. Army General and Commander in Chief at Forces CommandIs the Future What It Used to Be?Nov. 8, 1989Clayton Yeutter
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureGet Sophisticated in Your EducationOct. 3, 1989
1988
SpeakerDateSandra Day O'Connor
Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme CourtEstablishing Justice Feb. 16, 1988   Vernon Walters
U.S. Ambassador to the United NationsSuccesses of the United NationsNov. 11, 1988                Barbara Tuchman
Historian and AuthorWhere Are the Progressive RepublicansSept. 8, 1988Jim Wright
U.S. Representative, Texas, and Speaker of the U.S. HouseMediocrity is Not Our DestinyApril 25, 1988
1987
SpeakerDateOscar Arias Sanchez
President of Costa RicaHistory is Ours to WriteSept. 21, 1987Nancy Landon Kassebaum
U.S. Senator, KansasThe Challenge of ChangeSept. 9, 1987Franco Modigliani
Nobel Prize-winning EconomistWhat We Have Learned from the Reagan Economic ExperienceApril 21, 1987George F. Will
ABC News Personality and ColumnistThe Right to Pay TaxesApril 15, 1987
1986
SpeakerDateWilliam J. Bennett
U.S. Secretary of EducationOnce More: A Plea for HistorySept. 9, 1986George P. Shultz
U.S. Secretary of StateMoral Principles and Strategic Interests: The Worldwide Movement Toward DemocracyApril 14, 1986Tom Brokaw
NBC News AnchorTelevision News in a Changing WorldMarch 24, 1986
1985
SpeakerDateGeorge H.W. Bush
U.S. Vice PresidentLooking Forward to the Summit ConferenceSept. 9, 1985Thomas P. "Tip" O'Neill Jr.
U.S. Representative, Massachusetts, and Speaker of the U.S. HouseHalf a Century of American AchievementApril 22, 1985Bob Dole
U.S. Senator, KansasThe Dream of AmericaMarch 25, 1985
1984
SpeakerDateLesley Stahl
CBS White House CorrespondentThe Press and the PresidentNov. 29, 1984Jose Napoleon Duarte
President of El SalvadorThe Democratic Process in El Salvador: The Meeting at La PalmaNov. 2, 1984Caspar Weinberger
U.S. Secretary of DefenseArms Reduction and the SDISept. 27, 1984Tom Bradley
Mayor of Los AngelesThere Are No Impossible Dreams for Possibility ThinkersApril 16, 1984Hodding Carter III
Anchorman and Chief Correspondent, PBS' "Inside Story"Whose News Is It?April 6, 1984Patricia Schroeder
U.S. Representative, ColoradoGreat Expectations: From Abigail Adams to the White HouseMarch 19, 1984Edward M. Kennedy
U.S. Senator, MassachusettsThe Changing Relationship Between Politics and Public PolicyJan. 30, 1984
1983
SpeakerDateSheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani
Saudi Arabian Minister of OilControl and Decontrol in the Oil MarketMarch 28, 1983
1982
SpeakerDateCharles Kuralt
CBS News CorrespondentAmerica: The Long ViewNov. 22, 1982Ronald Reagan
U.S. PresidentRebuilding AmericaSept. 9, 1982Mark Hatfield
U.S. Senator, OregonForeign Policy in a Transition EraApril 26, 1982
1981
SpeakerDateJohn R. Block
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureClearing the Road for TomorrowOct. 30, 1981Sir Harold Wilson
Former British prime ministerWestern World: Economic CrisisSept. 30, 1981Paul A. Volcker
Federal Reserve ChairmanDealing with Inflation: Obstacles and OpportunitiesApril 15, 1981George Gallup Jr.
President of the Gallup PollThe Mood of AmericaFeb. 11, 1981
1980
SpeakerDateEdmund S. Muskie
U.S. Secretary of StateLonger-term IssuesDec. 4, 1980James R. Schlesinger
Former U.S. Secretary of EnergyAmerican Security and Energy PolicyApril 28, 1980Hugh Sidey
Time Magazine Political and White House CorrespondentPower and the MediaMarch 27, 1980John Connally
Governor of TexasAmerica in the '80sMarch 20, 1980Barry Goldwater
U.S. Senator, ArizonaThe World TodayFeb. 25, 1980
1979
SpeakerDateWalter F. Mondale
U.S. Vice PresidentSALT II: An American DecisionJuly 17, 1979Shirley Temple Black
Movie Star and U.S. AmbassadorIt's All Perceptions NowApril 10, 1979Norman Borlaug
Agriculture ScientistCivilization Will Depend More Upon Flourishing Crops Than on Flowery RhetoricMarch 20, 1979Howard Baker
U.S. Senator, TennesseeToward a New RepublicMarch 8, 1979
1978
SpeakerDateCharles Collingwood
CBS News CorrespondentReflections on Power (and Influence)Nov. 3, 1978Milton Friedman
Nobel Prize-winning EconomistFree Trade: Producer versus ConsumerApril 27, 1978Gerald R. Ford
Former U.S. PresidentThe War Powers ResolutionFeb. 20, 1978Malcolm S. Forbes
President and Editor, Forbes MagazineWhere We're At and Where We're HeadedJan. 24, 1978
1977
SpeakerDateDavid Broder
Political Analyst and Pulitzer Prize WinnerAmerican Politics in the Carter EraDec. 9, 1977Bob Bergland
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureToward a National Food PolicySept. 9, 1977Mike Mansfield
Former U.S. Senator, Montana, and U.S. Senate Majority LeaderBest of Times, Worst of TimesApril 12, 1977Charles H. Percy
U.S. Senator, IllinoisDoes the United States Have a Responsibility to Feed the World?March 4, 1977
1976
SpeakerDateThomas F. Eagleton
U.S. Senator, Missouri1977: Year of Opportunity in the Middle East?Dec. 8, 1976Carl T. Rowan
JournalistWhat Jimmy Carter's Election Will MeanNov. 18, 1976Charles McCurdy Mathias Jr.
U.S. Senator, MarylandThe Alternatives to DetenteApril 27, 1976Henry M. Jackson
U.S. Senator, WashingtonAmerica and Freedom's FutureJan. 21, 1976
1975
SpeakerDateDaniel Patrick Moynihan
U.S. Ambassador to IndiaThe World in the Year AheadMay 6, 1975William E. Simon
U.S. Secretary of TreasuryRestoring Our ProsperityMarch 18, 1975William Fulbright
Former U.S. Senator, ArkansasEnergy and the Middle East: Interests and IllusionsFeb. 13, 1975
1974
SpeakerDateWalter H. Heller
Regents Professor of Economics at University of MinnesotaThe Energy Crisis and the EconomyMarch. 19, 1974The Rev. Billy Graham
EvangelistThe Divine Answer to the National DilemmaMarch 4, 1974Anne Armstrong
Presidential CounselorCrisis and ChallengeFeb. 12, 1974
1973
SpeakerDateWilliam F. Buckley
Author, Editor and LecturerThe Assault on the Free MarketNov. 2, 1973Alexander M. Haig
U.S. Army General and Vice Chief of StaffA Strategic OverviewApril 24, 1973Alan Shepard
U.S. Navy Rear Admiral and U.S. AstronautHow Do We Stand in Space?April 3, 1973
1972
SpeakerDateDan Rather
CBS White House CorrespondentReporter's NotesNov. 16, 1972Earl L. Butz
U.S. Secretary of AgricultureThe Future Belongs to Those Who Prepare For ItMay 4, 1972William D. Ruckelshaus
Administrator of the Environmental Protection AgencyThe Crisis of Trust and the Environmental MovementApril 12, 1972Elliot Richardson
U.S. Secretary of Health, Education and WelfareHuman Needs and Government: A Realistic AssessmentJan. 24, 1972
1971
SpeakerDateLeonard Woodcock
President of the United Auto WorkersThe Economic Game PlanOct. 19, 1971John Kenneth Galbraith
EconomistForeign Policy: The Next ReformMay 6, 1971Hugh Scott
U.S. Senator, PennsylvaniaImplications of Foreign PolicyApril 26, 1971
1970
SpeakerDateEarl Warren
Former Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme CourtThe Alternative is ChaosOct. 21, 1970Richard M. Nixon
U.S. PresidentIt's Time to Stand Up and Be CountedSept. 16, 1970Walter J. Hickel
U.S. Secretary of InteriorBe Part of the Solution, Not Part of the ProblemApril 6, 1970The Venerable Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen
Archbishop of the Titular See of Newport (Wales)Three Forms of LoveMarch 16, 1970Hubert H. Humphrey
Former U.S. Vice PresidentHow We Can Make Our Government WorkJan. 9, 1970
1969
SpeakerDateEdward W. Brooke
U.S. Senator, MassachusettsNational Security: Dollars, Demands and DilemmasOct. 6, 1969Gen. W.C. Westmoreland
U.S. Army Chief of StaffThe Role of the U.S. Army in Today's WorldApril 9, 1969Mike Mansfield
U.S. Senator, Montana, and U.S. Senate Majority LeaderA Pacific PerspectiveMarch 10, 1969
1968
SpeakerDateArthur Schlesinger
Former Presidential AdviserThe 1968 Election: A Historical PerspectiveNov. 14, 1968Nelson A. Rockefeller
Governor of New YorkOur Country's Problems, SolutionsMay 9, 1968Robert F. Kennedy
U.S. Senator, New YorkConflict in Vietnam and at HomeMarch 18, 1968
1967
SpeakerDateGeorge Romney
Governor of MichiganThe Challenge of International DevelopmentDec. 6, 1967Ronald Reagan
Governor of CaliforniaHigher Education: Its Role in Contemporary AmericaOct. 26, 1967Ralph McGill
Pulitzer Prize-winning Journalist and PublisherThe Emerging South: Politics and IssuesMay 17, 1967
1966
SpeakerDateAlfred M. Landon
Former Governor of Kansas and Former Presidential CandidateNew Challenges in International RelationsDec. 13, 1966





Contact us
Emergency
Statements and disclosures
Accessibility



Kansas State University
Manhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6011
© Kansas State University
Updated: 4/26/17











Economía en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León by Art Morales on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookEconomía en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Art Morales
        
        on 22 November 2012
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Economía en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de LeónEconomía en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León Universidad Nacional Autónoma de MéxicoFacultad de Estudios Superiores Aragón Zedillo fue designado por el presidente Salinas como candidato sustituto a la presidencia tras la muerte de Luis Donaldo Colosio, ganando las elecciones para el periodo 1994-2000. Luego de tomar el cargo como presidente de la Republica, Zedillo se enfrentó al legado de Salinas, una crisis financiera inmediata la mas severa de la década, con repercusiones internacionales. Con la caída del peso con un 40% frente al dólar, causando quiebras de miles de compañías y desempleo. Para salir a flote de la situación, el Gobierno Federal áplico el FOBAPROA  para absorber las deudas ante los bancos,capitalizar el sistema financiero y garantizar el dinero de los ahorradores. Los pasivos del FOBAPROA accedieron a 552, 000 millones de dólares por concepto de cartera vencida que canjeo por concepto de pagares ante el Banco de México. El Gobierno Federal recurrió a la creación del PROCAPTE, un instrumento alternativo para sanear el sistema financiero con el acceso rápido y en mayor volumen de capital extranjero para así recuperar la solvencia de los bancos. Durante el gobierno de Ernesto Zedillo el PRI deja de poseer la mayoría absoluta en la cámara de diputados, además el PRD gana la Jefatura de Gobierno con Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas en 1997.                   Diseño IndustrialMateria: Panorama Social y Económico                          de México. Tema: Economía en el sexenio de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León Alumnos: -Mérida Ruiz Iván A.-Morales Pérez Arturo Además por si fuera poco; un nuevo movimiento revolucionario: Los zapatistas. Surgido en el estado de Chiapas el 1ro de enero de 1994, comenzando a desequilibrar la paz social.Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Art Morales
        Untitled PreziTRIPLAY CURVADOESPACIO COMPACTO PARA LLAVES
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsLanguages
                    English
                
                    Español
                
                    한국어
                
                    日本語
                
                    Deutsch
                
                    Português
                
                    Français
                
                    Magyar
                
                    Italiano
                InfogramChartsInfographicsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportBlog18 July 2017The Presentation Remote That’s Always in Your Pocket17 July 2017On-Demand Webinar: How to Design Conversational Presentations Like an Expert11 July 2017Free Download: How to Create a Sales Presentation That Closes DealsSee all© 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsInfogramInfogramChartsInfographicsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportLanguages
                                English
                            
                                Español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                Italiano
                            © 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















