

Zelman Partners LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:40 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Zelman Partners LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Zelman Partners LLC is a boutique investment banking firm specializing in providing financial advisory, capital raising, and corporate advisory services . The firm offers buy and sell side mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, financial restructurings, strategic alternatives, special committee assignments, public equity offerings, public debt offerings, joint venture project capital, strategic investor sourcing, and private equity and debt placements. It caters to the housing industry, including homebuilders, building products manufacturers and distributors, single-family rental companies, multi-family rental companies, mortgage companies, land developers and other residential real estate ...
Zelman Partners LLC is a boutique investment banking firm specializing in providing financial advisory, capital raising, and corporate advisory services . The firm offers buy and sell side mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, financial restructurings, strategic alternatives, special committee assignments, public equity offerings, public debt offerings, joint venture project capital, strategic investor sourcing, and private equity and debt placements. It caters to the housing industry, including homebuilders, building products manufacturers and distributors, single-family rental companies, multi-family rental companies, mortgage companies, land developers and other residential real estate and related firms. The firm was founded in 2007 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices in Beachwood, Ohio and Boston, Massachusetts. Zelman Partners LLC operates as a subsidiary of Zelman & Associates, LLC.
Detailed Description


330 Madison Avenue34th FloorNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 212-993-5840

Fax: 212-993-5839

www.zelmanassociates.com/products-services/investment-banking







Key Executives for Zelman Partners LLC




Mr. Anthony Jacob McGill CFA


      	Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking
      








Mr. Stephen H. Wank CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. David Scott Zelman


      	President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Zelman Partners LLC, please visit www.zelmanassociates.com/products-services/investment-banking.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Zelman Capital LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























zelman capital llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Zelman Capital LLC operates as an investment firm. The Company provides mutual funds, private equity, insurance, real estate, mortgage finance, and portfolio management services. Zelman Capital serves customers globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

3333 Richmond Road
Suite 340
Beachwood, OH 44122
United States


Phone:
1-212-993-5840


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.zelmanassociates.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Matthew Ray Jenkins


CFO/Chief Compliance Officer




David Scott Zelman


Chief Investment Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































































FrontFour Capital and Zelman Capital Send Letter to Intertape Polymer Group Inc. - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



FrontFour Capital and Zelman Capital Send Letter to Intertape Polymer Group Inc.






Nov 10, 2015, 7:30am EST














TORONTO, Nov. 10, 2015 /CNW/ - FrontFour Capital Group LLC and Zelman Capital LLC, significant shareholders of Intertape Polymer Group Inc. (TSX: ITP), announced today that they have delivered a letter to the President and CEO of IPG, the full text of which is set out below: 
November 10, 2015Mr. Gregory A.C. YullPresident and CEOIntertape Polymer Group Inc. 100 Paramount Drive, Suite 300Sarasota, FL 34232
cc: The Board of Directors, Intertape Polymer Group Inc. 
Dear Greg,
As you are aware, FrontFour Capital Group LLC ("FrontFour") and Zelman Capital LLC ("Zelman") have been significant shareholders of Intertape Polymer Group Inc. ("IPG" or the "Company") for the last several years.  We own approximately 2.8 and 1.0 million shares respectively, collectively representing 6.5% of IPG's total shares outstanding. We were each attracted to IPG's stock after conducting significant due diligence which supported the investment thesis that a combination of: (i) a U.S. economic recovery, (ii) IPG's improving margin profile due to SKU rationalization, (iii) lower operating costs including the transition to the newly constructed Blythewood, SC facility, (iv) returns of capital via dividends and share repurchases and (v) more recently lower input costs due to energy complex weakness would collectively drive significant cash-flow and earnings growth.  
We also believe that IPG is a highly attractive acquisition candidate due to its strong market position within its product lines.  We write this letter to you and the Board of Directors as we believe that IPG's shares are worth approximately CAD $23 per share, representing upside of 52% to the current market price.  Additionally, we strongly believe that IPG is a highly sought after strategic asset that would garner a significant premium from either a strategic buyer or private equity sponsor with a pre-existing portfolio company within the packaging space.  In summary, we believe that there are a number of steps that management can take to unlock value. 
While we acknowledge that IPG's operations and financial position have significantly improved over the last five years, the Company's shares now trade at a significant "management discount" and the stock has become a "show-me" story. This dynamic exists due to recent Company missteps, including the downward revision of fourth quarter 2014 earnings stemming from manufacturing issues and the more recent delay of full production by 12 months at the Blythewood, SC tape production facility. As a result, IPG's shares currently trade at 6.6x 2016E EBITDA and a 9.4% free cash flow yield (based on Street consensus estimates), representing a material discount to its North American packaging peers1 (9.6x EBITDA and 7.0% FCF yield). Based on 2017 estimates, the valuation discount is just as dramatic as forecasted margins reflect the full benefit from Blythewood plant productivity savings with IPG shares trading at 6.0x EBITDA and a 10.5% free cash flow yield versus 9.1x and 7.6% for the peer group. Given the Company's strong position with 60% of sales derived from products with a #1 or #2 market share in their respective categories, U.S. centric revenue base, attractive margin profile and commensurate free cash flow generation, this discount is unwarranted.  We believe that there are a number of immediate actions that the Company must take to close this valuation gap including: (i) increasing net leverage to 2.5x 2015E Net Debt/EBITDA to repurchase additional shares, (ii) improving disclosure relating to IPG's capital expenditure plan, (iii) pursuing a listing on a US-based stock exchange and commensurate US equity analyst coverage and (iv) refreshing the Board of Directors to include individuals with U.S. packaging industry experience. Based on our discussions with numerous shareholders of IPG, we believe that a significant percentage of the shareholder base is supportive of these actions.  
We urge you and the Board of Directors to take the following actions immediately: 
(i) Increase Net Leverage to Repurchase Additional Shares – We appreciate the opportunity set the Company has in terms of incremental bolt-on acquisitions and are supportive of your acquisition strategy. We also applaud your recent stock buyback activity of over 1.5 million shares repurchased since 6/30/15, yet we continue to believe that the Company is over-capitalized with equity.  As you recently articulated, the pipeline of potential bolt-on acquisitions for IPG represents a total purchase price of $150 million.  In the unlikely scenario where you were able to execute on all of these transactions, assuming a 7.5x aggregate purchase multiple 100% financed with debt, the Company's net leverage would increase from 1.5x to approximately 2.0x, thus still leaving you with ample capacity to meaningfully increase share repurchases. At IPG's current valuation of 6.6x 2016E EBITDA the Company has the ability to borrow at rates under 2.5% to repurchase IPG shares, which are trading at a dividend yield and free cash flow yield of approximately 5% and 10%, respectively – this would be highly accretive to shareholders.  We believe that management should take net leverage to 2.5x 2015E EBITDA which would still allow the Company ample debt capacity to pursue its bolt-on acquisition strategy.  We also note that leverage would come back down to approximately 2.0x 2016E EBITDA within 12 months in this scenario due to EBITDA growth and free cash generation after dividends. 
(ii) Improve Disclosure Relating to Capital Expenditures­ – On the fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call held in March 2015, you stated that IPG's estimated "annual maintenance capex is generally between $12 and $15 million" and continue to reiterate 2015 capital expenditure guidance of $32 to $37 million. Apart from an incremental $5 million of capital earmarked to finish the ramp at the new South Carolina plant earlier this year, the remaining bucket of capital expenditures beyond maintenance has been dedicated by Company management to vaguely-outlined "high-return projects." Additionally, the Company has guided that it will incur approximately $30 million of total capital expenditures for each of the next few years. However, the disclosure surrounding where the growth capital expenditures will be allocated and the corresponding return profile associated with such expenditures has been non-existent. 
We would like the management team to provide increased disclosure regarding the return profile, timing and scope of the future projects. Quantifying the margin/earnings uplift from future outlays will allow investors and sell-side analysts to properly model these investments.
(iii) Pursue Listing on a US-Based Stock Exchange – In addition to deriving most of its revenue from the United States (83%), IPG also has the majority of its manufacturing footprint located in the United States (87% of net PP&E). The Company reports in US dollars and its executive headquarters is located in Sarasota, FL. This profile makes IPG's shares a natural fit to be dual-listed on a U.S.-based exchange where it would receive increased coverage from U.S.-based analysts who cover a much larger universe of packaging companies relative to their Canadian counterparts. A larger institutional following in the United States would not only allow investors to benchmark IPG's favorable operating and financial metrics versus US-based peers but also likely increase the stock's liquidity. Both increased analyst coverage and liquidity will lead to multiple expansion.
(iv) Refreshing IPG's Board of Directors with Independent Packaging Industry Expertise – As the Board is currently constituted, there is a glaring lack of packaging industry expertise. We believe that the Company would benefit from the addition of several new directors with packaging industry experience to provide strategic guidance on positioning the company for growth and broader operational execution.  
_________________________________1 North American packaging peer universe includes Bemis Company (BMS), Crown Holdings (CCK), Sealed Air (SEE), Avery Dennison (AVY), Berry Plastics (BERY) and CCL Industries (CCL CN). 
Pro Forma IPG Equity Valuation
To illustrate the positive impact through increasing net leverage modestly and repurchasing shares we point to the calculation below. 



USD in millions, except where noted































2015E Wall Street Consensus EBITDA



$105



2016E Wall Street Consensus EBITDA



$123




Recommended Net Leverage Ratio



2.50x



Total Pro Forma Net Debt / 2016E EBITDA



2.12x




Total Pro Forma Net Debt





$261












Less: Estimated Current Net Debt (1)



(160)



2016E Wall Street Consensus Free Cash Flow


$63




Incremental Capacity for Share Repurchase


$101



Incremental After-Tax Interest Expense (3)



(2)












2016E Pro Forma Free Cash Flow




$61




Assumed Repurchase Price (CAD)




$17.00



PF Share Count






50.2




CAD/USD Exchange Rate





1.33












Assumed Repurchase Price (USD)




$12.78



2016E FCF Per Share





$1.22












North American Packaging Peer Group FCF Yield


7.0%




Repurchased Shares





7.9



Target Price (USD)





$17.38












Target Price (CAD)





$23.13




Estimated Current Share Count (2)




58.1



% Upside to Current IPG Stock Price



52.4%




PF Share Count






50.2




















2016E Wall Street Consensus EBITDA



$123












Implied EV / EBITDA Multiple




9.2x





























2017E Wall Street Consensus EBITDA



$136












Implied EV / EBITDA Multiple




8.3x





















(1) Reflects net debt at 6/30/15 of $148 million plus incremental debt incurred to fund $16 million of share repurchases during August, September and October 



2015 (per SEDI regulatory filings) plus consensus free cash flow estimate generated during same period.









(2) Represents 6/30/15 share count of 59.6 million less 1.5 million shares repurchased during August, September and October of 2015 (per SEDI regulatory filings).



(3) Assumes corporate tax rate of 32.5% and interest rate on incremental debt of 2.25%.










We believe the pursuit of the recommendations outlined in this letter along with strong execution at the Blythewood plant will lift the valuation of the Company. An appropriately valued equity currency will give you the option to issue shares in an accretive manner should a larger acquisition(s) opportunity present itself.  
Over the last few years of our respective stock ownership we have enjoyed a constructive dialogue with IPG's management team. While we have considerable experience effecting shareholder-friendly strategic actions by directly seeking board representation through the solicitation of proxies, we do not believe that such action is necessary at this time. We hope to continue this rapport and would like to see you implement our recommendations as we strongly believe that doing so will create significant shareholder value.  
Sincerely, 
 
FrontFour Capital Group LLC                                   Zelman Capital LLC

About FrontFour Capital
FrontFour Capital is an investment adviser with offices in Greenwich, CT and Toronto, ON.  FrontFour focuses on value-oriented investments in North American companies.
About Zelman Capital
Zelman Capital is a special-situations hedge fund investing primarily in North American listed equities that is managed by David Zelman and Jason Bernzweig.  Zelman Capital places great emphasis on cyclical industries, with a special focus on housing and real estate related sectors where its principals have expertise and extensive relationships. The portfolio is constructed "bottom up" with returns derived from specific securities and is hedged to mitigate macro risk. Comprehensive analysis and intrinsic valuation lead to security selection, while incorporating company and industry fundamentals that serve as catalysts. The fund leverages Zelman & Associates' highly acclaimed fundamental investment research covering housing, building products, REITs, mortgage finance, real estate finance and related consumer and industrial segments.

SOURCE  FrontFour Group




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  










						Zelman Capital Trimmed Continental Building Product(Nys) (CBPX) Stake By $2.02 Million, Shorts at Provident Financial Services (PFS) Lowered By 31.51% - WhatsOnThorold								






 

















































































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News




Today's Date:  Saturday, July 29th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						





Zelman Capital Trimmed Continental Building Product(Nys) (CBPX) Stake By $2.02 Million, Shorts at Provident Financial Services (PFS) Lowered By 31.51%


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Linda Rogers

 Provident Financial Services Incorporated (NYSE:PFS) had a decrease of 31.51% in short interest. PFS’s SI was 772,000 shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 31.51% from 1.13M shares previously. With 191,800 avg volume, 4 days are for Provident Financial Services Incorporated (NYSE:PFS)’s short sellers to cover PFS’s short positions. The SI to Provident Financial Services Incorporated’s float is 1.33%. About 31,070 shares traded. Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS) has risen 21.62% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 4.92% the S&P500.







Zelman Capital Llc decreased Continental Building Product(Nys) (CBPX) stake by 36.8% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Zelman Capital Llc sold 88,033 shares as Continental Building Product(Nys) (CBPX)’s stock rose 2.79%. The Zelman Capital Llc holds 151,184 shares with $3.49M value, down from 239,217 last quarter. Continental Building Product(Nys) now has $839.47 million valuation. The stock declined 1.82% or $0.4 reaching $21.55 per share. About 137,204 shares traded. Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) has risen 13.56% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.14% the S&P500.
Since January 31, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 7 sales for $2.73 million activity. Gallagher Terence sold $662,594 worth of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS) on Wednesday, March 1. Another trade for 5,871 shares valued at $155,582 was sold by FEKETE FRANK L. Nesci James D had sold 26,598 shares worth $692,405 on Tuesday, February 7. Shares for $584,065 were sold by KUNTZ JOHN F on Tuesday, March 7. 2,650 shares were sold by HERNANDEZ CARLOS, worth $65,079 on Friday, May 12. The insider Raimonde Michael A sold 20,120 shares worth $533,153.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.11 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.02, from 1.13 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 10 investors sold Provident Financial Services, Inc. shares while 54 reduced holdings. 31 funds opened positions while 40 raised stakes. 41.54 million shares or 2.29% more from 40.61 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Connor Clark Lunn Inv Mngmt Limited invested in 0% or 21,875 shares. Colorado-based Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado has invested 0.01% in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS). Morgan Stanley holds 0% or 266,241 shares in its portfolio. Blackrock Institutional Tru Na owns 1.64M shares. Pub Sector Pension Invest Board owns 42,786 shares or 0.01% of their US portfolio. The Illinois-based Envestnet Asset Management has invested 0% in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS). Blackrock Invest Management Lc accumulated 0.01% or 331,572 shares. Martingale Asset Management Ltd Partnership invested in 184,218 shares or 0.07% of the stock. Jpmorgan Chase And Comm holds 0% of its portfolio in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS) for 289,292 shares. Wellington Management Group Llp holds 0.01% or 1.17M shares. Strs Ohio reported 0% of its portfolio in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS). Aqr Mgmt Ltd Company has invested 0% in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS). Gemmer Asset Mgmt Lc has 0% invested in Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS). Emerald Advisers Incorporated Pa reported 14,938 shares stake. 94,432 were reported by Rhumbline Advisers.
Provident Financial Services Inc. is a holding firm for The Provident Bank . The company has market cap of $1.69 billion. The Bank is a New Jersey-chartered capital stock savings bank. It has a 18.07 P/E ratio. As a community and customer-oriented institution, the Bank provides personal service and customer convenience in serving the financial needs of the individuals, families and businesses residing in its primary markets areas.
Among 6 analysts covering Provident Financial Services (NYSE:PFS), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 4 Hold. Therefore 33% are positive. Provident Financial Services had 11 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS) earned “Hold” rating by Sandler O’Neill on Tuesday, September 13. The firm has “Hold” rating by Drexel Hamilton given on Monday, August 3. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Tuesday, April 11 by Wood. The stock of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFS) has “Hold” rating given on Thursday, July 13 by Piper Jaffray. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Thursday, June 29 by Sandler O’Neill. The stock has “Hold” rating by Zacks on Friday, August 14. The rating was reinitiated by Boenning & Scattergood on Friday, July 31 with “Neutral”. The firm has “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets given on Monday, August 3. The firm earned “Neutral” rating on Tuesday, November 10 by Piper Jaffray. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Friday, July 7 report.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.03 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.13, from 1.16 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 10 investors sold CBPX shares while 56 reduced holdings. 20 funds opened positions while 48 raised stakes. 36.31 million shares or 4.71% less from 38.10 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) accumulated 1,285 shares or 0% of the stock. Qs Invsts Limited Liability Corp owns 102,299 shares. Hawk Ridge Capital Mgmt Lp reported 210,261 shares. Barclays Public Limited Company reported 3,367 shares stake. Adams Diversified Equity Fund stated it has 44,500 shares or 0.06% of all its holdings. Tudor Inv Corporation Et Al holds 0.02% in Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) or 29,295 shares. Tiaa Cref Investment reported 276,555 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Voya Investment Management Limited Liability Corporation owns 0% invested in Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) for 12,853 shares. Blackrock Group Incorporated Ltd holds 0% of its portfolio in Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) for 54,259 shares. Capital Fund Management invested in 0% or 24,327 shares. 134,973 were accumulated by Tygh Cap Mgmt. Ami Investment Management reported 2.25% stake. Great West Life Assurance Can has 0% invested in Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) for 4,846 shares. Paloma Partners Mngmt reported 26,300 shares. Rockshelter Cap Management Ltd Liability Com reported 622,712 shares.
Analysts await Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) to report earnings on August, 2. They expect $0.33 EPS, up 6.45% or $0.02 from last year’s $0.31 per share. CBPX’s profit will be $12.85 million for 16.33 P/E if the $0.33 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.32 actual EPS reported by Continental Building Products Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 3.13% EPS growth. 
Among 8 analysts covering Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 38% are positive. Continental Building Products had 19 analyst reports since August 23, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Barclays Capital initiated Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) rating on Friday, January 6. Barclays Capital has “Equal Weight” rating and $25 target. Deutsche Bank maintained the shares of CBPX in report on Tuesday, August 9 with “Hold” rating. The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets on Monday, June 19 with “Buy”. RBC Capital Markets maintained Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) on Wednesday, May 11 with “Outperform” rating. The firm has “Hold” rating by Deutsche Bank given on Monday, May 16. On Thursday, August 4 the stock rating was maintained by Citigroup with “Neutral”. The stock of Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) has “Hold” rating given on Tuesday, November 17 by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche Bank maintained the shares of CBPX in report on Sunday, August 23 with “Hold” rating. The stock of Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) earned “Overweight” rating by Barclays Capital on Tuesday, October 13. The stock has “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets on Monday, November 2.
Since March 2, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 2 selling transactions for $224,927 activity. Shiffrin Isabelle also sold $80,083 worth of Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) on Wednesday, March 15.



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










By Linda Rogers


 

 



 
Free Email Newsletter 
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Recent Market NewsNordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Reaches $6.04 After 3.00% Up Move; State Street Decreased Its Chemtura (CHMT) HoldingDeere & Company (DE) Reaches $128.91 High on Jul, 28; State Street Raised Its Hunt (Jb) Transprt Svcs (JBHT) StakeGreen Square Capital Decreased By $597,870 Its Qualcomm (QCOM) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Lowered St Jude Med (STJ) Holding By $8.00 MillionNokota Management LP Has Raised Intel (INTC) Position; Bio Path Holdings DE (BPTH) Shorts Increased By 1.64%Saba Capital Management LP Raised By $1.67 Million Its Tenet Healthcare (THC) Position; Tcw Group Has Cut Pfizer (PFE) Holding By $5.03 MillionNorthwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Has Lifted Its Scana New (SCG) Position, Last Week AIXTRON SE (ETR:AIXA) AnalystsCongress Asset Management Company Decreased Its Facebook (FB) Position, Build A Bear Workshop (BBW) Shorts Down By 5.92%Fj Capital Management Has Lowered Its Hometrust Bancshares (HTBI) Holding; Investec Asset Management LTD Has Lifted By $2.23 Million Its Thor Industries (THO) HoldingCanyon Capital Advisors Has Cut Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding, Select Medical (SEM)’s Sentiment Is 1.23Nokomis Capital Decreased Its Echostar (SATS) Position, City Holding Company (CHCO) Had 0 Bullish AnalystsValinor Management Has Increased By $15.95 Million Its Facebook (FB) Holding, Zumiez (ZUMZ) Has 1.62 SentimentNwq Investment Management Company Increased Symantec (SYMC) Holding By $25.53 Million; 2 Bullish Analysts Covering Big 5 Sporting Goods (BGFV)Alyeska Investment Group LP Has Boosted Its Tesaro (TSRO) Holding; AYTU BIOSCIENCE  INC. COMMON STO (AYTU) Shorts Down By 7.26%Mason Street Advisors Boosted Intercontinental Exchange In (ICE) Holding, Axsome Therapeutics (AXSM) Shorts Up By 12.96%Force Capital Management Lowered Its Copart (CPRT) Stake, Edgewood Management Upped Priceline Grp (PCLN) Stake By $1.27 MillionWhite Elm Capital Has Lowered By $4.17 Million Its Sei Investments Co (SEIC) Stake; Sectoral Asset Management Cut Its Celgene (CELG) HoldingTCG BDC (CGBD) Touches $18.54 High on Jul, 28, 6 Analysts Covering Ring Energy (NYSEMKT:REI)Point72 Asia Hong Kong LTD Has Increased Cognizant Technology Solutio (CTSH) Stake By $478,072; Shorts at AVERAGE TECH N V (AVGTF) Raised By 0.22%Sequoia Financial Advisors Has Lifted Its Wal (WMT) Holding; Ws Management Lllp Has Decreased United States Stl New (Call) (X) Stake By $52.88 MillionWeiss Multi-Strategy Advisers Has Increased Its Hain Celestial Group (HAIN) Holding; Cg Asset Management Has Lowered Its Autodesk (ADSK) Stake




© Copyright 2016 Whats On Thorold Inc - mmahotstuff.com       About - Editorial - Contact















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















The High Point Observer



 













 













































Trending
Finance
Market
Business
Contact








Latest Headlines





EPS for Calithera Biosciences (CALA) Expected At $-0.29, Pine River Capital Management LP Trimmed By $1.09 Million Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Position
Clifton Ray
Analysts expect Calithera Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:CALA) to report $-0.29 EPS on August, 8.They anticipate $0.26 EPS change or 47.27% from last quarter’s $-0.55 EPS. After having $-0.22 EPS previously, (more…)




Ngam Advisors LP Lifted By $4.32 Million Its Merck And Co (MRK) Stake; Mount Lucas Management LP Cut By $392,703 Its Public Storage (PSA) Holding
Three Peaks Capital Management Has Decreased Cdw (CDW) Position, Rayonier (RYN) Has 0.91 Sentiment
Doliver Capital Advisors Lowered Blackrock Taxable Municipal Bo (BBN) Holding, Manpowergroup (MAN)’s Sentiment Is 0.91
$-1.06 EPS Expected for American Superconductor (AMSC), Shorts at Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Raised By 44.25%
Ameresco (AMRC) Analysts See $0.07 EPS, Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Sentiment Is 0.68




Lapides Asset Management Has Boosted Syneron Medical LTD (ELOS) Position, Wellington Management Group Llp Lifted Post Hldgs (POST) Position
West (WSTC) EPS Estimated At $0.65, 5 Bullish Analysts Covering CGI Group (TSE:GIB.A)
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals (SBPH) Analysts See $-0.48 EPS; RPX (RPXC) Had 1 Bullish Analysts
Analysts See $0.17 EPS for Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. (PARR), Bowen Hanes & Co Has Boosted Charles Schwab (SCHW) Stake
Jpmorgan Chase & Company Boosted 51Job (JOBS) Stake, Blair William & Company Has Cut By $602,100 Its Boingo Wireless (WIFI) Position




Manchester Capital Management Has Lowered Qualcomm (QCOM) Stake By $652,405, Glenmede Trust Company Na Increased Its Merck & Co (MRK) Holding
$0.03 EPS Expected for Cutera, Inc. (CUTR); Tor Minerals International (TORM) Shorts Decreased By 75%
$0.06 EPS Expected for Ceragon Networks Ltd (CRNT); Rite Aid (RAD) Has 0.92 Sentiment
Sandy Spring Bank Decreased Trinity Industries (TRN) Holding By $773,280, Geode Capital Management Has Cut Unitil Com (UTL) Position By $612,765
EPS for Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) Expected At $0.52; Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week






 




  Recent Posts 

EPS for Calithera Biosciences (CALA) Expected At $-0.29, Pine River Capital Management LP Trimmed By $1.09 Million Its Exxon Mobil (XOM) Position


Ngam Advisors LP Lifted By $4.32 Million Its Merck And Co (MRK) Stake; Mount Lucas Management LP Cut By $392,703 Its Public Storage (PSA) Holding


Three Peaks Capital Management Has Decreased Cdw (CDW) Position, Rayonier (RYN) Has 0.91 Sentiment


Doliver Capital Advisors Lowered Blackrock Taxable Municipal Bo (BBN) Holding, Manpowergroup (MAN)’s Sentiment Is 0.91


$-1.06 EPS Expected for American Superconductor (AMSC), Shorts at Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Raised By 44.25%


Ameresco (AMRC) Analysts See $0.07 EPS, Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Sentiment Is 0.68


Lapides Asset Management Has Boosted Syneron Medical LTD (ELOS) Position, Wellington Management Group Llp Lifted Post Hldgs (POST) Position


West (WSTC) EPS Estimated At $0.65, 5 Bullish Analysts Covering CGI Group (TSE:GIB.A)


Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals (SBPH) Analysts See $-0.48 EPS; RPX (RPXC) Had 1 Bullish Analysts


Analysts See $0.17 EPS for Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. (PARR), Bowen Hanes & Co Has Boosted Charles Schwab (SCHW) Stake






© Copyright 2011-2017 High Point Observer










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
















	Zelman - Proprietary Housing Market Research & Insights | Zelman & Associates
















    





























Menu









Products & Services

      Institutional Investor Research
    
    Extensive macro and company-specific equity research



      The Z Report
    
    Bi-weekly analysis and insights of the housing market



      Investment Banking
    
    Financial advisory services and capital raising solutions


Why Zelman
Contact Us





Login

 Institutional Investor Research
 The Z Report










Products & Services

Why Zelman

Institutional Investor Login

The Z Report Login

Contact Us



 





Login

 The Z Report







Unparalleled Housing Market Expertise, Research and Analytics



  Zelman & Associates leverages unparalleled housing market expertise, extensive surveys of industry executives and rigorous financial analysis to deliver proprietary research and advice to leading global institutional investors and senior-level company executives. 

why zelman






Areas of Expertise & Coverage


Apartments


Building Products


Demographics


Homebuilding


Homecenters


Macro Housing


Mortgage Finance


Real Estate Services


Single-Family Rental






Products & Services



 



Institutional Investor Research

Extensive housing-focused macro and company-specific equity research targeted at institutional investors.
Explore Institutional Research



The Z Report

Bi-weekly report offering unique analysis and insights of the housing market and related sectors. 
Subscribe To The Z Report



Investment Banking

Financial advisory services and capital raising solutions to companies and executives in the housing industry.
Learn About Investment Banking








 















ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC
                    

•   BEACHWOOD, OH
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Zelman Capital is based out of Beachwood. Zelman Capital is a registered investment advisory firm  with   clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $0 (Form ADV from 2017-03-03).   WhaleWisdom has at least 9 13Fs and  8 13D/G filings in our database for Zelman Capital. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            No holdings for current quarter
      





12/31/2016
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $81.9 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $513.745 Million
New Purchases2 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of9 stocks
Reduced holdings in11 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %90.70%
Turnover %
                        [1]:78.57%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:539.07%
Time Held Top20:4.21 quarters
Time Held Top10:2.60 quarters
Time Held All:4.64 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q4 2016:
                    
3.67%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
43.53%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

ZELMAN CAPITAL, LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

3333 RICHMOND RD
SUITE 340

BEACHWOOD
OH
            
        44122
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          212-231-0088
Fax:
              216-292-8480


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :




Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
OH


Number of employees:



Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:




        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




































ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






ZELMAN CAPITAL LLC






3333 RICHMOND ROAD, SUITE 340, BEACHWOOD,  Ohio, 44122, (212) 993-5840


Report Date: 12/31/2016

Position Statistics


Total Positions
20


New Positions
2


Increased Positions
2


Decreased Positions
17


Positions with Activity
19


Sold Out Positions
6


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
96



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials
17.17%


Industrials
11.76%


Consumer Cyclicals
50.28%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
18.86%


Financials
1.93%


Healthcare



Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






20 Positions as of 12/31/2016


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



BUILDERS FIRSTSOURCE INC
COM
21,194
-773
(3.52)
1,370,906


MASONITE INTL CORP NEW
COM
9,435
-1,072
(10.21)
121,429


PRIMO WTR CORP
COM
9,359
-3,447
(26.92)
701,048


CENTURY CMNTYS INC
COM
8,844
-384
(4.16)
345,486


HOSTESS BRANDS INC
CL A
8,178
-230
(2.74)
533,464


NCI BUILDING SYS INC
COM NEW
8,088
-9,399
(53.75)
445,614


U S CONCRETE INC
COM NEW
6,529
-10,328
(61.27)
85,340


SUMMIT MATLS INC
CL A
6,362
-4,223
(39.9)
225,349


TECNOGLASS INC
SHS
5,562
-77
(1.37)
589,799


ATKORE INTL GROUP INC
COM
3,618
3,618
New
170,000


CONTINENTAL BLDG PRODS INC
COM
3,311
-1,928
(36.8)
151,184


ICHOR HOLDINGS
SHS
3,224
3,224
New
150,000


REIS INC
COM
1,855
-61
(3.19)
87,920


SIMPLY GOOD FOODS CO
COM
599

New
50,000


ADVANCED DRAIN SYS INC DEL
COM

-3,131
Sold Out
0


CENVEO INC
COM NEW

-2,886
Sold Out
0


DIXIE GROUP INC
CL A

-891
Sold Out
0


LENDINGTREE INC NEW
COM

-15,201
Sold Out
0


MEDEQUITIES RLTY TR INC
COM

-2,456
Sold Out
0


PGT INNOVATIONS INC
COM

-10,551
Sold Out
0




<< first< previous1next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































	Zelman - Investment Banking | Zelman & Associates















    





























Menu









Products & Services

      Institutional Investor Research
    
    Extensive macro and company-specific equity research



      The Z Report
    
    Bi-weekly analysis and insights of the housing market



      Investment Banking
    
    Financial advisory services and capital raising solutions


Why Zelman
Contact Us





Login

 Institutional Investor Research
 The Z Report










Products & Services

Why Zelman

Institutional Investor Login

The Z Report Login

Contact Us



 





Login

 The Z Report
















Home / 
  Products & Services





Investment Banking



Zelman provides a broad range of financial advisory services and capital raising solutions to the housing industry, including homebuilders, building products manufacturers and distributors, single-family rental companies, multi-family rental companies, mortgage companies, land developers and other residential real estate and related firms.














 






Corporate Advisory
Zelman is the leading boutique investment bank dedicated exclusively to the U.S. housing industry with extensive expertise, knowledge and experience in executing mergers, acquisitions, and financial advisory transactions. Our firm has an extensive track record for successful and innovative transaction outcomes, having recently executed transactions valued over $6 billion. Zelman's core housing industry knowledge, execution platform, extensive corporate and investor relationships, and other critical transaction capabilities make us a natural, effective, and uniquely valuable advisory partner.

Buy-Side Mergers & Acquisitions
Sell-Side Mergers & Acquisitions
 Divestitures
Strategic Alternatives
Financial Restructurings
Special Committee Assignments









Capital Markets
The depth and breadth of our institutional investor relationships provide Zelman unparalleled insight and understanding of the housing capital markets, including detailed knowledge of capital sources, capital flows, capital costs, and capital availability for the U.S. housing industry. With this unique advantage, we offer investment banking clients sophisticated security structuring and distribution services to hundreds of public and private debt and equity investors that focus on a range of investment strategies throughout the capital structure.

Public Equity Offerings
Private Equity Placements
 Public Debt Offerings
Private Debt Placements
Joint Venture Project Capital
Strategic Investor Sourcing













Meet Our Team









Anthony J. McGill

Managing Director
Head of Investment Banking





Haitham Said

Vice President
Investment Banking





Jaclyn Doak

Associate
Investment Banking





A.J. Luzarraga

Analyst
Investment Banking



CLOSE





Anthony J. McGill
Managing Director,  Head of Investment Banking


Tony is a Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking at Zelman. Tony has had origination and execution responsibility on public and private debt and equity capital raise transactions and M&A transactions totaling over $9 billion of completed transaction value since joining Zelman.

Tony's transaction experience includes work with many of the housing industry's leading companies including Arcadia Communities, AV Homes, Blackstone, CamWest, Century Communities, Coleman Homes, Continental Building Products, David Weekley, DR Horton, Edge Homes, GTIS, Installed Building Products, Invitation Homes, Legendary Communities, Lowe Enterprises, Matlin Patterson, Meritage Homes, M/I Homes, NVR, Ply Gem, Re/Max, Silver Bay Realty Trust, Standard Pacific, Taylor Morrison, Toll Brothers, TRI Pointe, UCP, WCI Communities and William Lyon Homes, in addition to other prominent institutional investors and operating companies across the housing industry.
Prior to Zelman, Tony was an Associate Director in Investment Banking at Bear Stearns, specializing in public and private capital raising and corporate advisory services for more than 100 transactions and over $5 billion of transaction value.

Tony graduated with a BA in Economics from Columbia University in New York and earned his MBA degree with distinction from Oxford.
 



CLOSE





Haitham Said
Vice President,  Investment Banking


Haitham is a Vice President in the Investment Banking group at Zelman where he works on a variety of corporate finance and strategic advisory transactions for the housing industry, including homebuilders, building products manufacturers and distributors, land developers and other real estate related firms across the U.S.

Prior to joining Zelman, Haitham was an Associate at KPMG LLP in the Structured Finance Group where he worked closely on ABS, CLO and CDO transactions with a wide range of clients.

Previously, Haitham worked as an Analyst in the Global Transaction Services group at Citigroup.

Haitham graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania with concentrations in Finance and Legal Studies.




CLOSE





A.J. Luzarraga
Analyst,  Investment Banking


A.J. is an Analyst in the Investment Banking group at Zelman where he supports the origination and execution of a variety of strategic advisory and corporate finance transactions.

Prior to joining Zelman, A.J. worked at Toll Brothers as a land acquisition analyst.

A.J. graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Urban Studies & Planning from Columbia University.




CLOSE





Jaclyn Doak
Associate,  Investment Banking


Jaclyn is an Associate in the Investment Banking group at Zelman with transaction origination and execution responsibilities for strategic advisory and corporate finance assignments across the housing industry, including legal aspects of transaction structuring and documentation.
 
Prior to her current role, Jaclyn worked as a Summer Associate in the Investment Banking group at Zelman. 
 
Jaclyn graduated with a Juris Doctor and MBA from the University of Oklahoma with an emphasis in Finance, Corporations, and Entrepreneurship. Jaclyn passed the New York Bar Examination in 2016 and plans to become a member of the New York State Bar in 2017.










Select Transactions







TRI Pointe Group
 

$300 Million
Senior Notes Offering

Zelman Served as
Underwriter




                            Hide Details
                        
 

 June 2017

                           Zelman served as Underwriter for TRI Pointe’s $300 Million Senior Notes due 2027.

TRI Pointe Group is a leading public homebuilder operating through six homebuilding brands in eight states.
                        


View Details



Five Point Holdings
 

$338 Million
Initial Public Offering

Zelman Served as
Joint BookRunner




                            Hide Details
                        
 

 May 2017

                           Zelman served as Joint BookRunner on Five Point’s $338 Million Initial Public Offering.

Five Point is the largest owner and developer of mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California.
                        


View Details



The New Home Company
 

$250 Million
Senior Notes Offering

Zelman Served as
Underwriter




                            Hide Details
                        
 

 March 2017

                           Zelman served as Underwriter on The New Home Company’s $250 Million Senior Notes due 2022.

The New Home Company is a rapidly growing new generation homebuilder operating in Northern and Southern California and Phoenix, Arizona.
                        


View Details





See more transactions





Become a Zelman Client
Inquire further about Zelman's Investment Banking services
Zelman Partners LLC is an affiliate of Zelman & Associates. Zelman Partners is a registered broker dealer and member of FINRA and SIPC.


Request Information

 








 












