

STEPHEN P ZELNAK JR - RALEIGH, NC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



RALEIGH



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            STEPHEN P ZELNAK JR
                                    



 





















S 


STEPHEN P ZELNAK JR
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



409 DRUMMOND DR RALEIGH, NC 27609
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Stephen P Zelnak Jr was founded in 2009, and is located at 409 Drummond Dr in Raleigh. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $130,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Stephen P. Zelnak Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.
Board Member at Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stephen P. Zelnak Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.


Chairman of the Board, 
Beazer Homes USA, Inc.


Past
To view Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


The University of Alabama


North Carolina State University


Georgia Institute of Technology - Main Campus


Age
72

 
 


Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s Biography



Mr. Zelnak currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Beazer Homes USA, Inc., a geographically diversified homebuilder with active operations in 13 states within three geographic regions in the United States. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Martin Marietta from 1993 to 2009, President from 1993 to 2006, Chairman of the Board from 1997 through 2009, Executive Chairman from January 2010 to May 2010, and non-Executive Chairman from May 2010 until May 2014. Mr. Zelnak joined Martin Marietta Corporation in 1981 and was responsible for the aggregates operations since 1982. Mr. Zelnak is also Chairman and majority owner of ZP En ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Zelnak currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Beazer Homes USA, Inc., a geographically diversified homebuilder with active operations in 13 states within three geographic regions in the United States. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Martin Marietta from 1993 to 2009, President from 1993 to 2006, Chairman of the Board from 1997 through 2009, Executive Chairman from January 2010 to May 2010, and non-Executive Chairman from May 2010 until May 2014. Mr. Zelnak joined Martin Marietta Corporation in 1981 and was responsible for the aggregates operations since 1982. Mr. Zelnak is also Chairman and majority owner of ZP Enterprises, LLC, a private investment firm. In addition to community and charitable organizations, Mr. Zelnak has served as Chairman of the North Carolina Chamber and the National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association. He currently serves on the Advisory Board of the College of Management at North Carolina State University and is a Trustee Emeritus of the Georgia Tech Foundation Board. Mr. Zelnak received a Bachelor's degree from Georgia Institute of Technology and Master's degrees in Administrative Science and Business Administration from the University of Alabama system.

Key attributes, experience and skills:
-Former Chairman and CEO of Martin Marietta
-Extensive mentorship, business and operating experience
-Knowledge of all aspects of Martin Marietta and the construction aggregates industry
-Broad strategic and financial experience
-Knowledge of the homebuilding industry and factors that impact construction
-Corporate governance
		
Source: Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stephen P. Zelnak Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.


















Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s Connections (58)





Sign up now to view Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.'s 58 connections »









Michael J. Quillen
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Sue W. Cole
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









David G. Maffucci
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Donald A. McCunniff
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Donald W. Slager
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Republic Services, Inc.









Peter M. Orser
Board Member, Beazer Homes USA, Inc.









Dana F. Guzzo
Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









William E. McDonald
Former Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Dennis L. Rediker
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









Laree E. Perez
Board Member, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 





Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.| Concrete Producer





























dswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc









Search

Go






                Get the latest industry news
            

Newsletterdswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc
Videos



























Homedswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc >
                

Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.



            
            
                
                
                    Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.
                
            
        




Posted on 
March 18, 2013


Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., selected for NSSGA's 2013 Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award

                                
                                    
                                    
                                        By 
                                        NSSGA


                                        The National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association has named Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr. as the recipient of the 16th annual Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award for his dedication to the construction aggregates industry, his family and his community. 
                                        More


                                Tags:
                                
                                    Associations, 
                                
                                    Stone, 
                                
                                    Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., 
                                
                                    National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association









RSS







dswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc 






 






 

 













Sponsored Links






























 





Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., selected for NSSGA's 2013 Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award| Concrete Producer | Associations, Stone, Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association




























 













dswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc









Search

Go






                Get the latest industry news
            

Newsletterdswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc
Videos



























Homedswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc >
            

Business >
                
            
        

Management >
                
            
        

                Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., selected for NSSGA's 2013 Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award
            

Management



Posted on: 
March 18, 2013










Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., selected for NSSGA's 2013 Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award

                    By 
                        NSSGA



ALEXANDRIA, Va., March 13— The National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association today named Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., chairman of the board of directors, Martin Marietta Materials, and 2004 chairman of the National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association, as the recipient of the 16th annual Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award for his dedication to the construction aggregates industry, his family and his community.
NSSGA’s President and CEO R. A. Edwards, III, said, “In my 15-plus years with the association, I have personally witnessed Steve’s commitment to the association, the board and the aggregates industry. We are deeply thankful for his efforts at NSSGA and, undoubtedly, he has helped better every organization in which he has been involved. His 32 years of service to Martin Marietta Materials and his service to our association have been exemplary. We have all benefited richly from Steve’s good counsel and judgment. He clearly merits the association’s highest honor.”
Zelnak entered the aggregates industry in 1974 with Birmingham, Ala.-based Vulcan Materials Company. His five-year tenure with Vulcan was then followed by two years with Koppers Corporation in Pennsylvania. Zelnak joined the Martin Marietta Corporation in 1981 as vice president of planning and business development for its aggregates company and was rapidly promoted to positions of increasing responsibility. He was appointed president of the aggregates company in 1982, elected an officer of the parent corporation in 1989, and promoted to president of the Materials Group in 1991. In 1994, as president and chief executive officer, Zelnak led the process as Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., became a publicly traded corporation on the New York Stock Exchange. He was elected chairman of the company’s board of directors in 1997.
During his time as CEO, Zelnak grew Martin Marietta Materials revenues from $450 million to more than $2.2 billion. He was responsible for more than 70 acquisitions, which significantly broadened the company’s geographic footprint. He also devised and implemented what was a novel long-haul distribution strategy, which made Martin Marietta the industry leader in rail and/or water distributed aggregates products. In 2008 and 2009, Martin Marietta Materials was recognized as the leading company in its industry category worldwide in Fortune Magazine’s “Most Admired Company” listing. Zelnak serves or has served on the boards of Beazer Homes and Pace Industries, and is active in civic affairs and business groups. He also holds positions on the Georgia Tech Foundation Board and the Georgia Tech College of Management’s Advisory Board. In his commitment to Georgia Tech, he established the Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr., Dean’s Chair in the College of Management. Zelnak has also chaired the boards of many organizations, including the North Carolina Chamber of Commerce. He serves or has served on the North Carolina State University Board of Visitors, as well as its Poole College of Management’s Board of Advisors and Peace College Board of Trustees.
In 1999, Zelnak was the first recipient of the MBA Distinguished Alumnus Award from the University of Alabama–Birmingham and, in 2008, was elected to the Georgia Tech College of Management Hall of Fame. In 2010, he was named the “Person of the Year” by North Carolina State University’s Poole College of Management.
Zelnak’s commitment to the aggregates industry is underscored by his service to the National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association as a trustee of the Rocks Build America Foundation (1998-2010); first vice chairman, NSSGA Board of Directors (2003-04); chairman, Personnel, Audit & Finance Committee (2003-04); committee member, NSSGA Membership Development Committee (2004-06); chairman, NSSGA Board of Directors (2004-05); and committee member, NSSGA Nominating committee (2005 to present).
Zelnak and Judy, his wife of 44 years, are committed to their three children and seven grandchildren, as well as to the greater Raleigh community. Among their many contributions, in 2010, the Zelnaks were pivotal in kicking off a $12-million campaign for the Salvation Army of Wake County, N. C., to fund the construction of a new center to better serve those in need. The campaign, officially named “Campaign for Hope–Building the Center of Hope,” received immediate commitments in excess of $7.1 million, including a generous pledge from the Zelnaks. The facility is known as the Judy D. Zelnak Center of Hope.
The Barry K. Wendt Memorial Commitment Award is named for Iowan Barry K. Wendt (1946-97), a Cedarapids, Inc., employee and industry leader who was universally recognized as a leader in the aggregates industry. He served as chairman of the Manufacturers Division of both the former National Aggregates Association and National Stone Association. Each year, the Memorial Commitment Award goes to an individual who exemplifies the qualities of leadership and commitment demonstrated by Wendt. It is the association’s highest individual honor and service award.
The award is being announced on March 18 at NSSGA’s 2013 Annual Convention Honor Awards Ceremony in San Antonio, Texas. Zelnak will be presented the award by NSSGA’s Manufacturers and Services Division’s Chairman Joe Vig, president, Kolberg-Pioneer, Inc., at NSSGA’s Fall Board of Directors meeting in Amelia Island, Fla., in October. According to Vig, “On behalf of the M&S Division, we are proud to have such a respected and dedicated member of our industry to honor with this award. He truly exemplifies the spirit of this award.”
Based near the nation’s capital, NSSGA is the world’s largest mining association by product volume. Its member companies represent more than 90 percent of the crushed stone and 70 percent of the sand and gravel produced annually in the U.S. and approximately 106,700 working men and women in the aggregates industry. During 2012, a total of two billion metric tons of crushed stone, sand and gravel, valued at $17.4 billion, were produced and sold in the United States.

  



About the Author
NSSGAdswedbyyvzwsuaycvvzybbuc





Advertisement






Keywords:

Subject:
Associations
Stone


People:
Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.


Organization:
National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association






More from Concrete Producer



 
NRMCA
NRMCA Seeks Board of Director Nominations



 
Slag Cement Association
Enter the Slag Cement Project of the Year Awards



 
NRMCA
Registration Open for NRMCA ConcreteWorks



 
NRMCA
NRMCA's Developing Young Leaders Program 



 
NCMA
Segmental Retaining Wall Survey



 
ACPA Announces the 2nd Co-Location of Education Conference with the NRMCA ConcreteWorks








Join the Discussion

                Please read our Content Guidelines before posting
            












 






 

 

 













Sponsored Links






























 





Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr. | Builder Magazine




























fxwyvuwtwuaftsd

 Get Builder News in your Inbox Every Day! Click Here

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest



Login or Register

 



Search

Go






Big Builderfxwyvuwtwuaftsd
Videos
House Plans
Jobs
Newsletter Signup
Local Housing Data
Subscribe
Manufacturers Directory



























Homefxwyvuwtwuaftsd >
                

Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.



            
            
                
                
                    Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.
                
            
        




RSS






















 






 






 








Sponsored Links


























Close X












 





Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr. | Residential Architect



























weaetxdyvaydzcwq

Sign up for our bimonthly newsletter

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn



Login or Register

 



Search

Go






                A Journal of the American Institute of Architects
            


























Homeweaetxdyvaydzcwq >
                

Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.



            
            
                
                
                    Stephen P. Zelnak, Jr.
                
            
        




RSS







































Sponsored Links


























Close Xweaetxdyvaydzcwq














Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 10:23 AM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of Beazer Homes USA, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Stephen P. Zelnak Jr.Non-Executive Chairman, Beazer Homes USA, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships72$350,012
Background

		Mr. Stephen P. Zelnak, also known as Steve, Jr., serves as the President of Material Producers, Inc. Mr. Zelnak served as President of Aggregates Business at Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. from 1993 to 2006. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., a subsidiary of Martin Marietta Corp. since 1993. He served as President of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. since 1993. He served as President of Martin Marietta Corporation’s Materials ... Group from 1992 until the formation of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. in 1993 and of Martin Marietta Corporation’s Aggregates Division since 1982. He also served as Vice President of Martin Marietta Corporation from 1989 to 1994, when he resigned as an officer of Martin Marietta Corporation effective upon the completion of the initial public offering of a portion of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.’s common stock. He has been Non Executive Chairman of Beazer Homes USA Inc. since February 4, 2015. He has been Chairman of Magnesia Specialties Business at Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. since 2005. He joined Martin Marietta Corporation in 1981. Mr. Zelnak served as the Non-Executive Chairman of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. from May 27, 2010 to May 22, 2014 and previously served as its Executive Chairman from January 1, 2010 to May 27, 2010. He served as the Chairman of Martin Marietta Materials, from 1997 to December 31, 2009. He has been a Director of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. since 1993. He has been a Director of Beazer Homes USA Inc., since February 11, 2003. He serves as the Chairman of the North Carolina Citizens for Business and Industry and served as Chairman of the North Carolina Community College Foundation, National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association, Peace College Board of Trustees, North Carolina Foundation For Research And Economic Education (NCFREE), North Carolina Aggregates Association and the NC State Physical and Mathematical Sciences Foundation. He serves on the Advisory Boards of North Carolina State University and Georgia Institute of Technology. He was the first recipient of the MBA Distinguished Alumnus Award from the University of Alabama - Birmingham and in 2008 he was selected to the Hall of Fame at the Georgia Tech College of Management. Mr. Zelnak received a Bachelor’s Degree from Georgia Institute of Technology and Masters Degrees in Administrative Science and Business Administration from the University of Alabama system.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1000 Abernathy RoadAtlanta, Georgia 30328United StatesPhone: 770-829-3700Fax: 770-481-2808
Board Members Memberships
1993-PresentDirectorMartin Marietta Materials, Inc.2003-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanBeazer Homes USA, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Georgia Institute of TechnologyMaster's Degree University of Alabama System, TheMBA 1999University of Alabama System, The
Other Affiliations
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.Martin Marietta Corp.Material Producers, Inc.Georgia Institute of TechnologyUniversity of Alabama System, The


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$150,000Total Calculated Compensation$350,012




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRoger A. Cregg Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorAV Homes, Inc.$496.9KAra K. Hovnanian Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentHovnanian Enterprises, Inc.$1.2MMatthew R. Zaist President, CEO & DirectorWilliam Lyon Homes$650.0KRobert H. Schottenstein Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentM/I Homes, Inc.$900.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Beazer Homes USA, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Zelnak, Stephen P. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Stephen P. Zelnak
STEPHEN P. ZELNAK, JR. is Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Mr. Zelnak joined the Martin Marietta
Corporation in 1981 as Vice President, Planning and Business Development
for the Aggregates Operation. He was appointed President of Martin
Marietta Aggregates in 1982, elected an Officer of the corporation in
1989, and promoted to President, Materials Group in 1991. In 1994 Martin
Marietta Materials, Inc. became a publicly traded corporation listed on
the New York Stock Exchange, with Mr. Zelnak as President and CEO. Mr.
Zelnak was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors in 1997. He
received his BS in Industrial Management from Georgia Tech and holds MS
degrees in Administrative Science and Business Administration from the
University of Alabama.
Related Interviews:Stephen Zelnak Jr. - Martin Marietta Materials Inc (mlm)April 09, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google























 













 


