

	ZEN Trademark of Zen Enterprises LLC. Serial Number: 85659700 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
ZEN










 
Get FREE email alerts













ZEN  Trademark Information
 Zen Enterprises LLC
Fever thermometers; thermometers for medical purposes




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
fever   thermometers   thermometers   medical   purposes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ZEN trademark by Zen Enterprises LLC 
                                in Miami, FL, 33131.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ZEN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Zen Enterprises LLC of the ZEN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ZEN trademark.
                           






On Friday, June 22, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ZEN by 
                        Zen Enterprises LLC, Miami, FL  33131.
                        The USPTO has given the ZEN 
                        trademark serial  number of  85659700.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for ZEN is 
                        
                        
                                            ELIZABETH OLINER of 
                                            RAJ ABHYANKER PC,  1580 W EL CAMINO REAL, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040-2458 
                                .
                            The ZEN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ZEN 
                            is Fever thermometers; thermometers for medical purposes. 
                            





Word mark:
 ZEN


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

8/12/2013






  Serial Number:  
85659700


  Filing Date:  
6/22/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Fever thermometers; thermometers for medical purposes


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/13/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

Zen Enterprises LLCMiami, FL  33131
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ELIZABETH OLINER
RAJ ABHYANKER PC
1580 W EL CAMINO REAL
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040-2458






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ZEN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/12/2013
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ELIZABETH OLINER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ZEN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search zen on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ZEN 




ZEN is providing Fever thermometers; thermometers for medical purposes.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















	ZEN RELIEF BALM Trademark of Zen Enterprises LLC. Serial Number: 85431153 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
ZEN RELIEF BALM










 
Get FREE email alerts





















gen...


 - posted on 6/13/2014 2:11:26 PM
I suffer from broken Neck and broken Back injuries from a car accident 30+ years ago. This works so much better than anything I have ever tried. Pleasant odor. Does not bother my eyes if accidently touched. I just love it !










ZEN RELIEF BALM  Trademark Information
 Zen Enterprises LLC
Pharmaceutical preparations, namely, topical analgesics for aches and pains due to sports Injuries, arthritis, and muscle pains




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
pharmaceutical   preparations         topical   analgesics   aches   pains   sports   injuries      arthritis      muscle   pains    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark by Zen Enterprises LLC 
                                in Miami, FL, 33131.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Zen Enterprises LLC of the ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark.
                           






On Saturday, September 24, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ZEN RELIEF BALM by 
                        Zen Enterprises LLC, Miami, FL  33131.
                        The USPTO has given the ZEN RELIEF BALM 
                        trademark serial  number of  85431153.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ZEN RELIEF BALM is 
                        
                        
                                            Heather A. Sapp of 
                                            LegalForce RAPC Worldwide, P.C.,  446 E Southern Ave, Tempe AZ 85282 
                                .
                            The ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ZEN RELIEF BALM 
                            is Pharmaceutical preparations, namely, topical analgesics for aches and pains due to sports Injuries, arthritis, and muscle pains. 
                            





Word mark:
 ZEN RELIEF BALM


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/30/2014



  Serial Number:  
85431153


  Filing Date:  
9/24/2011


 Registration Number:  
4614133 


 Registration Date:  
9/30/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Pharmaceutical preparations, namely, topical analgesics for aches and pains due to sports Injuries, arthritis, and muscle pains


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/11/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Zen Enterprises LLCMiami, FL  33131
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("RELIEF BALM")


 Correspondent:


Heather A. Sapp
LegalForce RAPC Worldwide, P.C.
446 E Southern Ave
Tempe AZ 85282






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
2/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/30/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Heather A. Sapp


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ZEN RELIEF BALM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (1 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search zenreliefbalm on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ZEN RELIEF BALM 




ZEN RELIEF BALM is providing Pharmaceutical preparations, namely, topical analgesics for aches and pains due to sports Injuries, arthritis, and muscle pains.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















ZEN ENTERPRISES LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ZEN ENTERPRISES LLC











Company number L13000141982
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/10/2013
        

Principal Address
            17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, 33160
            


Mailing Address 9611 MEMORIAL RD., MIAMI, FL, 33157
        
ZEN ENTERPRISES LLC Principals

Manager
                Rainer Maria L
                 


Address
                17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33160
                 



Manager
                Marco Carlos A
                 


Address
                17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33160
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name CARLOS              MARCO (p)
        

Agent Address
                17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33160
                

Description
ZEN ENTERPRISES LLC has been set up 10/10/2013 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ZEN ENTERPRISES LLC principal adress is 17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, 33160. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 9611 MEMORIAL RD., MIAMI, FL, 33157. 
The company`s registered agent is CARLOS              MARCO 17890 WEST DIXIE HWY, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33160.  
The company`s management are Manager - Rainer Maria L, Manager - Marco Carlos A.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ZEN ENTERPRIZE LLC.
ZEN ENTERTAINMENT GROUP, INC.
ZENEP CO.
ZENERATION SALES INC
ZENERATIONS
ZENERATIONS OF BOCA














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Zen Enterprises Llc in Camano Island, WA 98282 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Washington
» Camano Island
» General Contractors
» Zen Enterprises Llc













Zen Enterprises Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1019 Vista Del Monte St  Camano Island, Washington 98282


(360) 631-4556


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Zen Enterprises Llc is located at the address 1019 Vista Del Monte St in Camano Island, Washington 98282.  They can be contacted via phone at (360) 631-4556 for pricing, hours and directions.  Zen Enterprises Llc specializes in Floors, Ceilings, Steel.  Zen Enterprises Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Zen Enterprises Llc provides Residential Services, Vinyl Work, Slate Work to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Zen Enterprises Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Zen Enterprises Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Belts
, Laminates
, Replacement Windows
, Blocks
, Security
, Lighting
, Aluminum Siding
, Rollers
, Wood Siding
, Waterfalls



SERVICES


Smoke Removal
, Leaks
, Repairing
, Replacement Windows
, Residential Services
, Windows
, Slate Work
, Porches
, Furniture Cleaning
, Vinyl Work


 BRANDS


Carrier
, AutoCAD
, AO Smith
, Alcoa
, Gallagher
, Briggs & Stratton
, Keystone
, Action Fence
, James Hardie
, RainBird


 SPECIALTIES


Finishes
, Floors
, Interior
, Culverts
, Patios
, Ceilings
, Tennis Courts
, Dogs
, Steel
, Interior Work



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (360) 631-4556
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 70000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Residential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Blue Heron Building Corp


895 Smith Rd  Camano Island, Washington 98282




Leading Edge Construction LLC


446 W Vanderlin Dr  Camano Island, Washington 98282




C D Moore Construction


2560 S Camano Dr  Camano Island, Washington 98282




Nw Home Remodeling


1805 Lake Dr  Camano Island, Washington 98282




Ldn Construction Llc


1986 Old Homestead Ln  Camano Island, Washington 98282




Distinctive Interiors & More


848 N Sunrise Blvd, Ste 205  Camano Island, Washington 98282





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM





















 




Zen Enterprises, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:41 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Zen Enterprises, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Zen Enterprises, LLC develops and distributes medical products to relieve pain and aches. Its products include Zen Relief Balm, Zen Sports Balm, and Zen Patch. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.


9061 West Sahara AvenueSuite 105Las Vegas, NV 89117United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 305-924-2088








Key Executives for Zen Enterprises, LLC




Mr. Randy Ross


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      








Ms. Samantha Ross


      	Vice President of Operations and Director
      








Ms. Barbara Gunner


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Zen Enterprises, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Zen Sports Balm
























































































 






















 














Home		


shaun 


2017-01-31T00:28:48+00:00		









CLICK AN IMAGE BELOW TO PURCHASE YOUR FORMULA


































SIMPLY NATURAL. SIMPLY ZEN SPORTS BALM. Available now in four powerful formulations and two convenient sizes!
Relief Balm
Women’s Relief Balm
Sports Balm
Women’s Sports Balm
Zen has been formulated with a combination of high quality, natural, essential oils, which have been proven safe and effective. Special proprietary blending is done to ensure each product is in perfect synergy, immeasurably enhancing each individual ingredient’s natural healing power!













 
 







Uncategorized Archives - Zen Sports Balm








































































 






















 













Uncategorized

Home/Uncategorized














Permalink


Gallery					


Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers!					

Uncategorized



View Cart








Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers!  Zen Enterprises 9061 W Sahara Ave Suite 105 Las Vegas, NV 89117 855-224-7100 zensportsbalm.com info@zenreliefbalm.com Press Release March 3, 2017   Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017's Product Launch Into National Retailers!   After six years of hard work and dedication by the ZEN team, we are proud to announce the launch of [...]By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-03-07T01:59:09+00:00		
March 4th, 2017|Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More







Permalink


Gallery					


Zen Sports Balm Wishes You A Happy Halloween!					

Uncategorized



View Cart








Zen Sports Balm Wishes You A Happy Halloween!The Team here at Zen wishes you and your family a Happy Halloween!  We also wish you a safe Halloween! Please read the post, 5 Tips For A Fun And Safe Halloween! These simple tips can keep your family safe, as well as your visiting trick-or-treaters!     Cheers! Robin, and the Zen Team!    Have [...]By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-01-11T14:57:56+00:00		
October 31st, 2016|Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More







Permalink


Gallery					


Small Steps To Get Back To Exercising!					

Uncategorized



View Cart








Small Steps To Get Back To Exercising!Exercising can be exciting again! Taking small steps is the key to getting back into exercising! Furthermore, it doesn't matter what kind of exercise you do, as long as you enjoy it! Take a look at these tips to get off of the couch and back into a daily exercise routine. Do Not Over Think [...]By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-01-11T14:58:00+00:00		
August 28th, 2016|Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More







Permalink


Gallery					


ZEN Sports Balm Announces their Attendance at the 31st Annual Natural Products Expo East Trade Show!					

Uncategorized



View Cart








ZEN Sports Balm Announces their Attendance at the 31st Annual Natural Products Expo East Trade Show!                                                                            Zen Enterprises 9061 W Sahara Ave Suite 105   Las Vegas, NV 89117 855-224-7100 zensportsbalm.com info@zenreliefbalm.com Press Release [...]By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-01-11T14:58:00+00:00		
August 26th, 2016|Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More







Permalink


Gallery					


Come Join Us at This Year’s Health Care EPPS!					

Uncategorized



View Cart








Come Join Us at This Year’s Health Care EPPS!ZEN Sports Balm                                                                                                         [...]By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-01-11T14:58:00+00:00		
August 25th, 2016|Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More
Launch of Zen in Select Rite Aid StoresWe're all extremely excited to announce that Zen is officially on shelves at select Rite Aid Stores in San Diego. Here's the addresses of those stores. 427 C STREET SUITE 100 SAN DIEGO CA 92101-5108 535 ROBINSON AVENUE SAN DIEGO CA 92103-4209 1735 EUCLID AVENUE SAN DIEGO CA 92105-5414 4840 NIAGARA AVENUE SAN DIEGO CA [...]By shaun|

2017-01-11T14:58:01+00:00		
April 10th, 2016|Blog, Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More
Las Vegas Pain ReliefIf you're in or around the Las Vegas Nevada area suffering from aches and pains, visit Zen Enterprises. We manufacture an all natural pain reliever that's 5 times stronger than any of our competitors. For more information, visit Zensportsbalm.com    By shaun|

2017-01-11T14:58:01+00:00		
January 28th, 2016|Blog, Uncategorized|0 CommentsRead More

 
 







Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017's Product Launch Into National Retailers! - Zen Sports Balm































































































 






















 













Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers!

Home/Uncategorized/Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers!







Previous Next 





View Larger Image
 



Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers! 
 

Zen Enterprises
9061 W Sahara Ave Suite 105
Las Vegas, NV 89117
855-224-7100
zensportsbalm.com
info@zenreliefbalm.com
Press Release March 3, 2017
 
Zen Enterprises is Excited to Announce 2017’s Product Launch Into National Retailers!
 
After six years of hard work and dedication by the ZEN team, we are proud to announce the launch of Zen Enterprises’ line of all-natural, pain relief products nationwide in 2017.
 

 
 
President of Zen Enterprises, Randy Ross, has some exciting words for the Zen Team, their partners, and their customers alike:
 
“I’m very proud to announce the launch of Zen Enterprises line of all-natural, pain relief products nationwide during 2017. After 6 years of hard work and dedication by the Zen team, we have accomplished something so special in the OTC pain relief category. 
“Zen is so powerful in helping individuals all around the world that suffer from many different aches and pains─A product for every age and gender. . .  A product that will relieve severe Arthritis to any sports injuries─And, the fact that Zen is all natural and has a women’s exclusive line makes me feel extreme gratification.
“We set our goals and never gave up our dedication to manufacturing the highest quality product available on the market today. I want to congratulate our staff and factory that worked tirelessly on this project.
“We also look forward to launching exciting new Zen products we are developing, and they will be available soon, as well. 
“As the President of Zen enterprises and an individual that struggles with pain every day,  I can only say Zen will change your life.”    ─   Randy Ross, Zen Enterprises, President
 
 

 
 
Zen’s products to look forward to seeing this year in national retailers are:
ZEN Relief Balm
ZEN Sports Balm
Women’s ZEN Relief Balm
Women’s ZEN Sports Balm
Among others!
 
First off, we here at Zen want to thank our loyal customers and partners. We know that without you, our success would be nonexistent.
 
 
As of now, we are currently in hundreds of retailers:

Rite Aid – 20 Southern California locations
Terrible Herbst Convenient Stores– over 100 locations in NV & AZ (Sky Distributing)
North Carolina Mutual Wholesale Drug Company (Distribute to 600 Retailers)
Amazon.com
Erehwon Mountain Outfitter – 4 locations in IL & WI
Bill’s Bike and Run – 2 locations: Idaho Falls, ID & Rexburg, ID
Action Wheels (Wenonah, NJ)
Advance Cyclery (Syracuse, NY)
Ajax: The Ski Shop (Aspen, CO)
American Specialty Pharmacy (Columbia, MD)
America’s Pharmacy (Sarasota, FL)
B&B Bicycles (Cedar Hill, TX)
Bell Road Cycle (Montgomery, AL)
Bicycle Shack (Kansas City, MO)
Bicycles Etc (Huntsville, AL)
Big Muddy CrossFit (Bismarck, ND)
Biomedical Care Group LLC (Weston, FL)
Blues Gym (Grand Rapids, MI)
Brass Monkey Bike Shop (Phoenix, AZ)
Bulu Box
CareMed Pharmacy (Glen Burnie, MD)
Carolina Apothecary (Reidsville, NC)
Centered City Yoga (Salt Lake City, UT)
Ciel Bicycle Stores (New York, NY)
Cones Health Foods & Vitamins (Bakersfield, CA)
Core Fitness NYC (New York, NY)
Crooker Cycle Sports (Berlin, NH)
Cross Fit All Star (Waimea, Hawaii)
CrossFit Vex (Grand Junction, CO)
Cycle World Albany (Albany, GA)
Daniel Boone Cycles Inc (Houston, TX)
Dulaney Valley HealthMart (Towson, MD)
Evolv (Albuquerque, NM)
Express Fitness 24/7 (Prattville, AL)
FMA – Focused Movement Academy (Miami, FL)
Fairhaven Runners & Walkers (Bellingham, WA)
Fall Line Sports (Silverton, OR)
Fast Break Athletics (Chattanooga, TN)
Fishbone Apparel Inc (Harrisburg, PA)
Georgetown Market Natural Market (Indianapolis, IN)
Green Wave Pharmacy (Clintwood, VA)
Grinder Sports (Rice Lake, WI)
Guy’s Medical Center Pharmacy (McComb, MS)
Harley’s Bicycles (Hutchinson, KS)
Health Food Center (Youngstown, OH)
Health-Way Save-On Drugs (Beebe, AZ)
Healthy Habit Health Foods (Phoenix, AZ)
Hopper Chiropractic Wellness (Las Vegas, NV)
Indiana Fitness Club (Bloomington, IN)
Inside Track PA (Lancaster, PA)
Johnson Compounding and Wellness (Waltham, MA)
Kimberton Wholefoods (Kimberton, PA)
Larson Chiropractic & Acupuncture (Lincoln, NE)
Loki Outdoor Shop (Grand Junction, CO)
Louisiana Running Company (New Orleans, LA)
Madison Cycles (Madison, AL)
Marathon Bicycle Company (Fayetteville, WV)
Marshall Fitness (Wauseon, OH)
Nature’s Pantry (State College, PA)
Ninja Park (Albuquerque, NM)
Nutritional Warehouse (Venice, CA)
Old Town Bike Shop (Colorado Springs, CO)
Pogue’s Run Grocer (Indianapolis, IN)
Powerhouse Gym (Columbus, OH)
Pro Bike Inc (Oklahoma City, OK)
Pro Sports Nutrition (Boca Raton, FL)
Rebecca’s Natural Food (Charlottesville, VA)
Renew Juicery (Los Angeles, CA)
Revolution Racquet & Fitness Club (Bennington, VT)
Rose Hill Pharmacy (Rose Hill, VA)
Run N Fun (St Paul, MN)
Seeley Swan Pharmacy (Seeley Lake, MT)
Shady Cove Market (Shady Cove, OR)
Silver City Pharmacy (Siler City, NC)
Simply Natural & Health Connections (Havre, MT)
Smart Therapy (Spokane, WA)
Smitteez Sportswear (Keansburg, NJ)
South Loop Strength & Conditioning (Chicago, IL)
Sports Gear, Inc (Midlothian, VA)
Sugar Bottom Bikes LLC (North Liberty, IA)
Sun Spot Natural Market (Kokomo, IN)
Sunrise Cyclery (Logan, UT)
Sunshine Cycle Shop (Greenville, SC)
Switching Gears Cyclery (Dallas, TX)
Tennis Town (Roseville, CA)
The Health Nuts (Bayside, NY)
The Nutrition Shoppe (Peachtree City, GA)
The Runner’s Shop (Rapid City, SD)
The Sports Lure (Buffalo, WY)
The Vitamin Lady of Middle Earth (Macomb, IL)
The Wellness Shop (El Paso, TX)
Thomas Drugs (Shallotte, NC)
Three Sixty Bike Shop (Zanesville, OH)
Total Fitness Gym and Nutrition Center (Wilmington, DE)
Tracey’s Variety (Bingham, ME)
Trinity Holistic Health and Training (Baton Rouge, LA)
Ultimate Gym (Charlotte, NC)
Velocity Martial Arts (Pompano Beach, FL)
Vitamins Plus (Lubbock, TX)
Vitastic Health Store (US Virgin Islands)
Wesco Sports Center (Brookfield, CT)
West End Bicycles (Houston, TX)
Wheeler Pharmacy (Lexington, KY)
Women’s Fitness (Midland, MI)
Yoga in the Heights (Jersey City, NJ)

 
And, throughout 2017 and 2018, you will be able to find Zen Sports Balm products in these national retailers:

Rite Aid – all 4,553 Nationwide locations in July of 2017.
Walgreens – all 8,177 Nationwide locations in July of 2017.
Meijer – all 224 locations in June of 2017.
SuperValu – all 223 locations in July of 2017 – 18 states throughout the Southeast and Midwest.
Shaw’s/Star Market – 154 locations
C&S Wholesale Grocers – 300 Independent Supermarket Retailers and Distribute to 6,500 retailers/military grocers.

Anticipated for 3rd or 4th Quarter of 2017:

Kroger – 2,778 locations in 34 Midwestern and Southern states.
IPCRX – Independent Pharmacy Cooperative – representing over 4,500 Pharmacies Nationwide.
Lowes Foods – 97 locations in NC, SC & VA.
Albertsons – 2,205 locations.
Giant Eagle – 229 locations in PA, OH, WV, MD & IN.
Boots (Walgreens-Alliance) – 9,500 locations throughout Europe.
Harmon Stores – 650 locations.

Others Retailers/Distributors we are in communication or negotiation with:

2W Limited (Huge Asian Distributor)
Affiliated Foods
Ahold
Alko Enterprises
Alliance Retail Management Group Inc. (Canada)
American Associated Pharmacies
Amerimark
AmerisourceBergen
Associated Food Stores
Associated Grocers of Florida
Aurora Pharmacy
BCS International Corp./BCS Royal
Big Lots
Big Y Supermarket
Capital Grocery Wholesaler
Cardinal Health – 1,000 plus Pharmacies
Celesio (Germany)
Centrella Grocers
CVS (9,600 locations)
D’Agostino
Dick’s Sporting Goods
Leonard’s Healthcare Corp.
Eby-Brown Company
Eco-Sound Medical Services
Frank W. Kerr Company
G&D Surgical & Drug Co.
Giant Supermarket
Gill Podiatry
Global RC Distribution
Grocery Outlet
Groupon
H-E-B
Hammacher Resource Group
Hampton Healthmart
Hannaford
Harris Teeter – 243 stores in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Florida, Maryland, Delaware, and the District of Columbia.
HD Smith
Houchens Industries
Hudson Group
ICM Distributing
Imperial Distributors
Independent Pharmacy Distributor
J&M Golf
John Hopkins Homecare
Kaiser-Permanente/Pharmacy
KC Pharmacy
KeHE – Distribute to more than 30,000 stores across North America.
Key Foods
Kinray
Kmart
Loblaws
Loves
Mannings (Hong Kong)
McKesson
MCX
Medline
MMCAP
Navarro
NDC Inc.
NEXCOM/MCX
Palko
Performance Bicycle
Piggly Wiggly
Pilot/Flying J
Publix
Ritzman Pharmacy
Roundy’s Supermarket
Sav-on Pharmacy
Shopko
Shop Rite/Wakefern Food Corporation
Sunset Foods
Superior Grocers
TA/Petro
Target
TJX (Canada)
Topco
Top Golf
Tru-Care
UNFI -United Natural Foods Inc.
Unified Grocers/Market Centre
Uniprix (Canada)
United Supermarkets
Value Drug
Watsons/A.S. Watson Group (Asia)
Wegmans
Weis Market
Whole Foods
Wilcox Pharmacy
WinCo Foods

Thousands more to come! 
 
 

 
 
More words from Zen Enterprises and the Zen Team:
 
“2017 and 2018 are going to be ZEN’s breakout years. We’ve worked hard over the last several years making sure our formulas were perfect, our packaging was optimized for shelf space, and the company was ready to manufacture orders of any size.”
“This is when the job gets fun. Our focus now is branding and sell through support for all our retailers currently carrying ZEN, or bringing on the ZEN line.” 
“We’re extremely excited to be on shelves nationwide and look forward to hitting the road with our promotional crew.”
 
“Go Team ZEN”   ─   Shaun Ross,  Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 

 
 
“I was hooked after the first time using Zen’s early formula some seven years ago, it worked better than anything I’ve ever used, and I’ve used them all.  I wanted to be a part of Zen after realizing Zen could become the dominant product in the OTC pain relief category.  I changed my whole life, packed up and left San Diego, moved to Las Vegas to help make Zen a huge financial and marketing success. ” 
“Now after hearing hundreds of stories of people using Zen for a multitude of different ailments, it makes me feel good that we are doing something bigger than just working at making the company a huge financial success.” 
“To see in someone’s eyes or hear in someone’s voice how our product has relieved their aches and pains and offered them relief from their daily misery, caused a benevolence in my heart I did not know existed.  This now drives me to make Zen a worldwide brand and offer people around the world a product that is clean and all natural.” 
 
“I’ve used over 100 jars of Zen, and for me, it has helped to relieve:”

Shoulder pain with arthritis
Knee pain due to a torn meniscus
Lower back pain
Muscle aches due to running, hiking, swimming and biking
Neck pain due to working at a desk all day
Headaches
Discomfort in  my hands

 
“Zen it truly is the Balm!”   ─   Dave Makima, Director of Operations 
 
 

 
 
“It’s so exciting and rewarding to see our company succeed, and to see our products really taking off this year! It makes all the blood, sweat, and tears that our team has put into getting here all worth it.” 
“I knew ZEN was going to be a huge success which is why, after living in South Florida my entire life, I moved across the country to work full time at our main headquarters in Las Vegas, NV.”  
“Receiving such wonderful feedback from consumers about how much our products have helped them is extremely fulfilling. It’s great to know that we have something to offer people as an alternative to prescription drugs and that is comprised of all-natural ingredients rather harsh chemicals.”
“I genuinely enjoy going out to different events and explaining ZEN to new consumers. Their reactions are remarkable.”   ─   Carly Phillips, Executive Director of Accounts
 
 

 
 
This is an incredibly exciting time for Zen Enterprises, as well as our partners and customers─nationwide! With Zen Sports Balm all-natural, pain relieving products heading to so many new retailers, it is now convenient for everyone to try!
And, that’s our end goal. We, here at Zen want our all-natural formulas to be available for everyone, everywhere. We feel that once you try our pain relieving formulas, you won’t go back to unnatural, and potentially harmful pain relievers. We want to be there to help ease your pain, and soon, we will be.
We have carefully designed our all-natural formulas with the finest ingredients, such as essential oils, so that they are completely free of toxins. Moreover, no adverse side effects result from using our formulas.
Additionally, there is a product for everyone, for every lifestyle, and for every ache and pain. From athletes to laborers to mothers and even those with chronic pain, there is an all-natural, Zen formula for you.
 
 

 
 
Be sure to keep an eye out for Zen Sports Balm products in a national retailer near you!  And please, feel free to contact us at any time with any questions, concerns, or comments.
 
We love hearing from our customers, how Zen has helped so many who experience pain, and we are confident that Zen can help you too.
 
Thank you,
The Zen Team  &  Zen Enterprises LLC
 
 
 

By Robin Marri Miller|

2017-03-07T01:59:09+00:00		
March 4th, 2017|Uncategorized|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
FacebookTwitterLinkedinRedditTumblrGoogle+PinterestVkEmail 

About the Author: 						Robin Marri Miller  

 

Robin Marri Miller is a natural health writer, a practitioner in the art of essential oils and a true believer in natural health remedies. When not blogging, you can find her writing some fiction, enjoying the outdoors and spending time with her beloved daughter and canine fur babies.							



Related Posts









Permalink


Gallery					


Zen Sports Balm Wishes You A Happy Halloween!					




View Cart













Permalink


Gallery					


Small Steps To Get Back To Exercising!					




View Cart













Permalink


Gallery					


ZEN Sports Balm Announces their Attendance at the 31st Annual Natural Products Expo East Trade Show!					




View Cart













Permalink


Gallery					


Come Join Us at This Year’s Health Care EPPS!					




View Cart













Permalink



Launch of Zen in Select Rite Aid Stores					




View Cart




























  Recent Posts 

5 Reasons Why It Is More Important Than Ever To Wear Sunscreen


12 Reasons Why Bike Riding Boosts Your Mental And Physical Health!


9 All-Natural Remedies For Poison Ivy ─ Plus A Homemade Recipe


Exercising To Lose Weight? Don’t Make These 6 Mistakes!


The Surprising History Of Mother’s Day!


 Recent CommentsRobin Marri Miller on Springtime Scents | Essential Oil Diffuser BlendsWalter Wile on 5 Foods That Are Dangerous To ReheatCecily A. on Springtime Scents | Essential Oil Diffuser Blendsmasters education on The Best, Worst, And Differences | 10 Magnesium SupplementsOrville Doba on 7 Herbs You Should Stockpile For Wintertime HealthArchives 
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
June 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016

Categories 
Blog

Uncategorized


Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
 
 
 




Zen Enterprises, LLC                                                                                                     - Las Vegas                                         , NV         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NV



Las Vegas



Sporting and Recreation Goods



Wholesale - Fitness Equipment And Supplies



                            Zen Enterprises, LLC
                                    



 





















Z 


Zen Enterprises, LLC                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9061 W SAHARA AVE STE 105 LAS VEGAS, NV 89117
Get Directions



(855) 224-7100
www.zensportsbalm.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $10,000,000.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Wholesale - Fitness Equipment And Supplies
 Contacts Randy Ross                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zen Enterprises, Llc                                                                                                     was founded in 2011. Zen Enterprises, Llc                                                                                                     specializes in Wholesale - Fitness Equipment And Supplies. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














