    William Zerella | Fitbit Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














WILLIAM  ZERELLA - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











WILLIAM  ZERELLA
Check out list of companies and businesses related to WILLIAM  ZERELLA. Find out WILLIAM  ZERELLA address and contact details. View other people related to WILLIAM  ZERELLA - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC 525 RACE STREET SAN JOSE 95126 CA




Companies related to WILLIAM  ZERELLA
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001129260VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.525 RACE STREET SUITE 150 SAN JOSE 95126-34950001447599FITBIT INCCFO 405 HOWARD STREET  SAN FRANCISCO 94105




WILLIAM  ZERELLA on the Web
Persons related to WILLIAM  ZERELLA - VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.NamePositionCityBrian D.  AscherDirector PALO ALTOScott  BonhamMENLO PARKAscher  BrianSan JoseDuffy  BridgetSan JoseMichael  BurklandDirector SAN RAMONDouglas Alan  CarlenGeneral Counsel SAN JOSECISCO SYSTEMS, INC.10% Owner SAN JOSEWood  DonSan JoseMARY BRIDGET  DUFFYCHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER SAN JOSEROBERT N.  FLURYVP, Sales SAN JOSEGranite Global Ventures L.L.C.MENLO PARKGRANITE GLOBAL VENTURES L.P. MENLO PARKGRANITE GLOBAL VENTURES (Q.P.) L.P.MENLO PARKJOHN B.  GROTTINGDirector SAN JOSENada  HanySan JoseJEFF  HILLEBRANDDirector SAN JOSEJEFF  HILLEBRANDDirector SAN JOSEJanzen  HowardSan JoseHOWARD E  JANZENDirector HOWARD E  JANZENDirector SAN JOSEHillebrand  JeffSan JoseGrotting  JohnSan JosePAUL T  JOHNSONEVP OF SALES & SERVICES SAN JOSEJoel D  KellmanMENLO PARKAlexa  KingDirector MILPITASBRENT D.  LANGPresident & CEO SAN JOSESilver  MartinSan JoseJohn N  McMullenDirector PALO ALTOJohn N  McMullenDirector SAN JOSEMotorola Solutions, Inc.10% Owner SCHAUMBURGHany  NadaDirector SAN MATEOHany  NadaDirector SAN JOSEHany  NadaDirector MENLO PARKHany  NadaMENLO PARKHany  NadaDirector MENLO PARKThomas  NgMENLO PARKSHARON  O'KEEFEDirector SAN JOSEVICTORIA A.  PERKINSVP, Customer Services SAN JOSEShostak  RobertSan JoseZollars  RobertSan JoseRay A.  RothrockMENLO PARKRRE Ventures Fund II, LPNEW YORKRRE Ventures Fund II, LPNEW YORKRRE Ventures GP II, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKRRE Ventures GP II, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKRRE Ventures II, LPNEW YORKRRE Ventures II, LPNEW YORKJustin  SpencerEVP, Chief Financial Officer SAN JOSEJustin  SpencerEVP, Chief Financial Officer SAN JOSEJAY  SPITZENCounsel, Secretary SAN JOSEANTHONY  SUNMENLO PARKThomas Weisel Capital Management LLCSAN FRANCISCOThomas Weisel Capital Management LLC10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOThomas Weisel Venture Partners LLCSAN FRANCISCOThomas Weisel Venture Partners LLC10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOVANGUARD VII L P10% Owner SAN JOSEVEF MANAGEMENT III LLCPALO ALTOASSOCIATES  VENROCKPALO ALTOVENROCK ASSOCIATES III LP10% Owner PALO ALTOVENROCK ENTREPRENEURS FUND III LPPALO ALTOVENROCK MANAGEMENT III LLCPALO ALTODonald F  WoodSAN JOSEDonald F  WoodDirector SAN JOSEWILLIAM  ZERELLASAN JOSEWILLIAM  ZERELLAChief Financial Officer SAN JOSEROBERT  ZOLLARSDirector SAN JOSECROBERT  ZOLLARSSAN JOSEROBERT  ZOLLARSDirector SAN JOSEPersons related to WILLIAM  ZERELLA - FITBIT INCNamePositionCityLAURA  ALBERDirector Missan  AndySan FranciscoMarc  Benioff10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOPhilip Douglas  Black10% Owner PALO ALTOFeld  BradSan FranciscoFeld  BradBoulderFeld  BradSan FranciscoFeld  BradSan FranciscoJON  CALLAGHANDirector PALO ALTOPaisley  ChristopherSan FranciscoJean-Francois  Clavier10% Owner PALO ALTOJeffrey P  DevineEVP of Operations SUNNYVALEScal  EdwardSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoFriedman  EricSan FranciscoBRADLEY A  FELDPALO ALTOFelicis Ventures GP II, LLCPALO ALTOFelicis Ventures II, L.P.10% Owner PALO ALTOGLENDA  FLANAGANDirector Foundry Group Select Fund, L.P.BOULDERFoundry Select Fund GP, LLCBOULDERFoundry Venture 2007, LLCBOULDERFoundry Venture Capital 2007, L.P.10% Owner BOULDERERIC N.  FRIEDMANCTO SAN FRANCISCOHartmann  HansgregorySan FranciscoHANSGREGORY C.  HARTMANNCOO SAN FRANCISCOPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoPark  JamesSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonPalo AltoCallaghan  JonSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonSan FranciscoCallaghan  JonathanSan FranciscoSeth  LevineBOULDERNINO NIKOLA  MARAKOVICPALO ALTORYAN A  MCINTYREBOULDERJASON A  MENDELSONBOULDERANDY  MISSANEVP, GC, & SECRETARY SAN FRANCISCOSTEVEN JOSEPH  MURRAYDirector NEWTONCHRISTOPHER B  PAISLEYDirector JAMES  PARKPRESIDENT, CEO, COB SAN FRANCISCOTIMOTHY M.  ROBERTSEVP, INTERACTIVE SAN FRANCISCOSAP Ventures Fund I, L.P.PALO ALTOSapphire Ventures (GPE) I, L.L.C.10% Owner PALO ALTOEDWARD M.  SCALCHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER SAN FRANCISCOAydin  SenkutPALO ALTOSoftBank PrinceVille Investments, L.P.10% Owner NEWTONSoftTech VC II, L.L.C.PALO ALTOSoftTech VC II LPPALO ALTOSoftTech VC III, L.L.C.PALO ALTOSoftTech VC III, L.P.PALO ALTOMurray  SteveSan FranciscoMurray  SteveSan FranciscoRoberts  TimothySan FranciscoTrue Venture Partners II, L.L.C.10% Owner PALO ALTOTrue Ventures II-A, L.P.PALO ALTOTrue Ventures II, L.P.PALO ALTOZerella  WilliamSan FranciscoWILLIAM  ZERELLACFO SAN JOSE
Potentially same personNameCityCountryZerella  WilliamSan FranciscoCAZerella  WilliamNEW YORKNY












 

















William Zerella | Fitbit, Inc | Email, Chief Financial Officer, @fitbit.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























William Zerella

 Fitbit, Inc  Chief Financial Officer


Updated On : 
                    Jul 24, 2017                            

export

















405 HOWARD STREET

San Francisco, CA 94105


Email format for @fitbit.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->Healthcare Facilities/Services                    
SIC Code:  
                         3571  - Electronic Computers








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Fitbit, Inc's Chief Financial Officer is where William Zerella is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in San Francisco, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Healthcare facilities/services industry. William Zerella's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Fitbit, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @fitbit.com domain.  Some possible email formats for William Zerella are WZerella@fitbit.com, William.Zerella@fitbit.com, William@fitbit.com, and William_Zerella@fitbit.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fitbit.com addresses.            


Similar People:
William Z - Executive
Located in Norwalk, CT General Electric Capital Corporation has William Z serving as the organization's Senior Risk Modeler - Modeling Manager. Need William Z's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in General Electric Capital Corporation Lead411 profile, along with their General Electric Capital Corporation email addresses using the domain. Search for General Electric Capital Corporation on Lead411 under the Financial services industry.  Some possible email formats for William Z are WZ@gecapital.com, William.Z@gecapital.com, William@gecapital.com, and William_Z@gecapital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@gecapital.com addresses.
William Z - Executive
If you need @bechtel.com email addresses for Bechtel, you can find them on Lead411 as William Z's email might be available. William Z, the company's Document Management Technician, also has extensive contact information, including Bechtel's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. San Francisco, CA-based Bechtel can be found on Lead411 under the Construction services industry.  Some possible email formats for William Z are WZ@bechtel.com, William.Z@bechtel.com, William@bechtel.com, and William_Z@bechtel.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bechtel.com addresses.
William Zabel - Technology
Their Test Engineer is William Zabel. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other industry. If you're checking for Honeywell Safety Products email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @honeywellsafety.com email addresses and possibly William Zabel's email. Honeywell Safety Products is based in Smithfield, RI. You can also get William Zabel's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Other category.  Some possible email formats for William Zabel are WZabel@honeywellsafety.com, William.Zabel@honeywellsafety.com, William@honeywellsafety.com, and William_Zabel@honeywellsafety.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@honeywellsafety.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Lily Wu Wong - Executive
Their Sales Forecasting Director, Sales Operations is Lily Wu Wong. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Healthcare facilities/services industry. If you're checking for Fitbit, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @fitbit.com email addresses and possibly Lily Wu Wong's email. Fitbit, Inc is based in San Francisco, CA. You can also get Lily Wu Wong's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Healthcare facilities/services category.  Some possible email formats for Lily Wu Wong are LWu Wong@fitbit.com, Lily.Wu Wong@fitbit.com, Lily@fitbit.com, and Lily_Wu Wong@fitbit.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fitbit.com addresses.
Anna Allen - Finance
Anna Allen is part of Fitbit, Inc, an organization which has its main offices in San Francisco, CA.  Anna serves as the EA to CFO at Fitbit, Inc.  If you're searching for Fitbit, Inc email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @fitbit.com along with Anna Allen's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Fitbit, Inc's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Healthcare facilities/services industry.  Some possible email formats for Anna Allen are AAllen@fitbit.com, Anna.Allen@fitbit.com, Anna@fitbit.com, and Anna_Allen@fitbit.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fitbit.com addresses.
Eric Friedman - Executive
Located in San Francisco, CA Fitbit, Inc has Eric Friedman serving as the organization's CTO/Co-Founder. Need Eric Friedman's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Fitbit, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Fitbit, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Fitbit, Inc on Lead411 under the Healthcare facilities/services industry.  Some possible email formats for Eric Friedman are EFriedman@fitbit.com, Eric.Friedman@fitbit.com, Eric@fitbit.com, and Eric_Friedman@fitbit.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fitbit.com addresses.

People Directory > William Zerella




















            About Fitbit
        









































        Fitbit
        




Products


Fitness Wristbands and Clips




Fitbit Zip®





Fitbit One®





Fitbit Flex 2™





Fitbit Alta™





Heart Rate + Fitness Wristbands




Fitbit Alta HR™
New





Fitbit Charge 2™





Smart Fitness Watches




Fitbit Blaze™





Smart Scale




Fitbit® Aria®









FITBIT ACCESSORIES








Designer
Collections






Not sure which product is right for you? FIND YOUR FIT




Why Fitbit

Why Fitbit
What's New
Our Technology
FitScience
About Us



Get Motivated

Fitstar
Events
Blog
FitForGood
Fitbit Premium



App & Dashboard

App Tour
Fitbit Challenges
Compatible Apps



Help

Product Help
Forums
Wear & Care
How-To Videos








Your cart is currently empty. Let's shop



                                                Store
                                            






                                            Log in
                                        



                                            Setup
                                        

















Who We Are
We're a passionate team dedicated to health and fitness who are building products that help transform people's lives. While health can be serious business, we feel it doesn't have to be. We believe you're more likely to reach your goals if you're encouraged to have fun, smile, and feel empowered along the way.





An Idea was Born
In 2007, our founders, Eric and James, realized that sensors and wireless technology had advanced to a point where they could bring amazing experiences to fitness and health. They embarked on a journey to create a wearable product that would change the way we move.











Our Mission
To empower and inspire you to live a healthier, more active life. We design products and experiences that fit seamlessly into your life so you can achieve your health and fitness goals, whatever they may be.







Meet our team






James Park
CEO, President & Co-Founder







James Park
CEO, President & Co-Founder
James is our Co-Founder and has served as our Chairman since May 2015, as a member of our board of directors since March 2007, and as our President and CEO since September 2007. Previously, James served as a Director of Product Development at CNET Networks, as the President and a Co-Founder of Wind-Up Labs, Inc. (an online photo-sharing company acquired by CNET Networks in April 2005). He was also CTO and Co-Founder of Epesi Technologies, Inc., a software company. James attended Harvard College where he studied Computer Science. He was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder, President, and CEO.








Eric N. Friedman
Chief Technology Officer & Co-Founder







Eric N. Friedman
Chief Technology Officer & Co-Founder
Eric is our Co-Founder and has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2007, and most recently as our CTO. Previously, Eric served as an Engineer Manager at CNET Networks, as a Co-Founder of Wind-Up Labs, a founding engineer of Epesi Technologies, and a technical member of the Real-Time Collaboration Group at Microsoft Corporation. Eric holds a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science from Yale University. He was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder and CTO.








William Zerella
Chief Financial Officer







William Zerella
Chief Financial Officer
William has served as our CFO since June 2014. From October 2011 to June 2014, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a wireless healthcare communications company which he took public in 2012. Prior to Vocera, William served as CFO for Force10 Networks (a networking company acquired by Dell Inc), as CFO at Infinera Corporation (a telecom equipment provider), and CFO at Calient Networks (an optical equipment provider). He also held several senior level financial and business management positions at GTECH Corporation and Deloitte & Touche. He holds a B.S. in Accounting from the New York Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at NYU.








Amy McDonough
VP & GM, Fitbit Group Health







Amy McDonough
VP & GM, Fitbit Group Health
Amy is responsible for Fitbit Wellness, working with employers and strategic partners in the corporate wellness space. She focuses on empowering organizations to run more effective and engaging wellness programs with Fitbit's world-class technologies & services. Prior to Fitbit, Amy held several strategic roles at CNET Networks, including the Director of Audience and Content Development for the Community Division and Director of Strategic Partnerships for the Network. Amy has a bachelor’s degree from Merrimack College in Andover, MA, and a Professional Certificate in Integrated Marketing Communications from the UC Berkeley Extension program. Amy used to run marathons, but today she gets her steps by chasing her two young boys around. They keep her busy enough to walk the equivalent of one full circle around the earth.








Tim Rosa
Chief Marketing Officer







Tim Rosa
Chief Marketing Officer
As CMO of Fitbit, Tim is responsible for brand & product marketing, partnerships, advertising & media, PR & events, Fitbit.com, premium services, CRM, customer acquisition, engagement and monetization. Most recently, Tim was VP of Global Brand Development at Electronic Arts, where he led branding for FIFA, Madden, Battlefield and Need for Speed, among others. Prior to EA, Tim was the VP of Marketing at DivX, a digital video pioneer, leading the company into acquisition. He also led marketing efforts for the famed video game publisher 2K Sports, and increased NBA 2K market share from 10% to 80% in five years. Tim attended the University of Michigan-Flint and lives in Mill Valley, where he spends his "play time” surfing, playing ice hockey, mountain biking and trail running on Mt. Tam.








Lindsay Cook
VP, Product Marketing







Lindsay Cook
VP, Product Marketing
As VP of Product Marketing at Fitbit, Lindsay is responsible for leading product marketing, international marketing, marketing research and consumer insights, as well as the development and execution of new product launches. Prior to Fitbit, she held brand marketing positions at Clorox in their Home Care and Brita businesses, where she launched the Brita Bottle—one of the most successful new products in the company’s history. Lindsay started her career at Microsoft, leading marketing campaigns and product management for the Windows Embedded family of products. She holds a BAA from University of Michigan and an MBA from Harvard Business School. She currently lives in San Francisco, where she spends her free time traveling and hiking with her husband and girls.








Miko Gellerman
VP, Business Planning and Analysis







Miko Gellerman
VP, Business Planning and Analysis
Miko is our VP of Business Planning and Analysis, focusing on leading agile planning processes and analyses to support global sales and marketing. She has 20 years of experience in building businesses, strategies and new corporate capabilities. Prior to Fitbit, Miko led Strategy and Business Planning at LeapFrog, where she pioneered smart connected device experiences in the toy space and built their Consumer Analytics and Lifecycle Marketing teams. Before that, she was a management consultant with KSA, and led partnership development for FTVentures (a private equity firm) and Brodia (a consumer tech startup). Miko holds a B.A. from Connecticut College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. She currently lives in Berkeley and spends her free time around Bay Area soccer fields or the slopes of Squaw Valley rooting for her boys.








Andy Missan
EVP, General Counsel & Secretary







Andy Missan
EVP, General Counsel & Secretary
Andy Missan has served as our EVP and General Counsel since October 2015 and prior to that served as our VP and General Counsel from March 2013. From 2009 to 2012, Andy served as VP and General Counsel at Bytemobile, Inc., a mobile video optimization company. Prior to Bytemobile, he served as VP and General Counsel of MobiTV (a provider of mobile video solutions), VP and General Counsel of Danger (a mobile devices and services company), and VP and General Counsel of Replay TV (a DVR technology company). He also held senior legal and business affairs positions at RCA Records Label/BMG Entertainment and Sony Music Entertainment. Andy earned a B.A. in Government from Oberlin College and a J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law.








Ron Kisling
Chief Accounting Officer







Ron Kisling
Chief Accounting Officer
Ron is currently our Chief Accounting Officer. Before joining Fitbit, he served as CFO of Nanometrics, and as both VP of Finance and CFO of PGP Corporation (a data encryption and security software company) until its acquisition by Symantec in 2010. For the eight years prior, Ron held CFO positions at Portal Software and SPL WorldGroup, both acquired by Oracle Corp., as well as Saba Software. And before that, he held a variety of finance and accounting positions at Symantec and Coopers and Lybrand. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Stanford University.








Anu Bedi
VP, Global Tax







Anu Bedi
VP, Global Tax
Anu has over 30 years of experience in Tax, with particular emphasis on International Tax. Before joining Fitbit, she led the global tax function at Rovi, an entertainment technology company. Prior to that, she spent 13 years at Logitech, building and leading Worldwide Tax while the company grew from $400 Million to more than $2 Billion. Anu holds an M.B.A. in International Finance from Thunderbird School of Global Management. She is currently on the Board of the Santa Clara chapter of Tax Executive Institute and is a member of the Silicon Valley Tax Directors Group.








Kristina Omari
VP, Corporate Development







Kristina Omari
VP, Corporate Development
Kristina leads Corporate Development at Fitbit. She brings more than 20 years of experience in corporate development, investment banking and strategy to the company. Before joining Fitbit, Kristina was Vice President of Corporate Development (M&A) for Adobe Systems Inc., where she led a team that oversaw $3+ billion in transactions and focused on inorganic growth, equity investments, M&A execution and post-merger integration. Prior to Adobe, Kristina held positions with Lehman Brothers in Technology Investment Banking and with Hewlett Packard in Strategy & Corporate Development. Kristina holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.








Jonah Becker
VP, Industrial Design







Jonah Becker
VP, Industrial Design
Jonah leads our industrial design team, creating breakthrough health and fitness products. He has 20 years of experience using design to build brands in the consumer electronics and sporting goods industries. Before joining Fitbit, Jonah was a partner at One & Co, a design agency that delivered award-winning products for brands like Nike, Microsoft, Burton Snowboards, Dell and Kodak. In 2008, One & Co was acquired by HTC where Jonah became VP of Industrial Design and was responsible for the smartphone product lines, future vision projects, and expansion into new categories. Jonah has a B.A. in Philosophy from UC Berkeley and a B.F.A. in Industrial Design from California College of the Arts, where he is a senior lecturer in the design program. When Jonah isn't thinking about design, you'll likely find him trail running, riding a bike or playing soccer with his kids.








Jen Ralls
VP, Communications







Jen Ralls
VP, Communications
As head of communications at Fitbit, Jen is responsible for global communications and public relations, including the company’s public relations strategy, events, ambassador programs and corporate and employee communications. Before joining Fitbit in 2013, Jen was Senior Director of Marketing Communications at THX Ltd. Prior to THX, she led all corporate communications and public relations at Pioneer Electronics. She brings 20 years of experience to the company and has held positions both in-house and at top public relations agencies where she worked closely with consumer tech brands such as HP, Pixar, Planar, Visa, and VTech. Jen earned a bachelor’s degree in English Literature from Princeton University. Jen lives and breathes the Fitbit brand and is an avid recreational hiker, runner, yogi, paddler, surfer, skier and cook. She currently resides in Marin County, CA with her husband, two kids and two dogs.








Jay Kershner
VP, Customer Support







Jay Kershner
VP, Customer Support
Jay leads our Customer Support and Field Testing teams with a mission to delight customers by quickly providing solutions through the channel of their choice. Prior to Fitbit, Jay spent over 16 years managing customer service teams and building world-class support organizations at TiVo, Dash Navigation and Zynga. His first career was in the restaurant industry, managing restaurants in San Francisco and the Peninsula. Jay holds a B.S. in Hotel, Restaurant and Travel Administration from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. When he’s not working or spending time with his family and three dogs, Jay likes to play basketball and put his Fitbit through the paces at Tough Mudder races. He wears shorts 300 days a year.








Dave Quong
VP, Finance







Dave Quong
VP, Finance
Dave over 20 years of finance experience to his role as Fitbit’s VP of Finance. He has worked at a variety of high-tech and financial services companies, and was most recently the VP of Finance at Aruba Networks, an enterprise wireless company. Before that, Dave led the finance organization at Netgear, a wireless, storage and security company. In his five years at the company, Netgear grew from a $450 million company to $1.2 billion company. Dave holds a B.S. in Economics from UC Berkeley.








Steve Morley
VP & GM, APAC







Steve Morley
VP & GM, APAC
Steve leads our Sales and Marketing organizations in Asia Pacific, and has more than 20 years of experience in VP and Director positions as both a supplier and retailer across Asia Pacific. He established Kodak’s Digital Division in APAC during the industry’s digital transformation, and led large vertical retail businesses for Goodyear and Vodafone. His telecoms experience also includes the build, launch and scaling of one of the region’s first Mobile Virtual Networks. Currently, Steve is busy creating a leadership position for our brand in 10 major Asia Pacific countries. When he's not getting his steps in Asia’s airports, Steve keeps his Fitbit leaderboard position respectable while working at his treadmill desk.








Steven Soderberg
VP, Information Technology







Steven Soderberg
VP, Information Technology
Steven has been a CIO and VP of IT at Bay Area companies for over 18 years. He’s held executive positions at the highest of high-tech companies (Symantec, PGP, Force10 Networks, Vocera) and the lowest of low-tech companies (Robert Mondavi). During those years, Steven also held leadership positions in logistics, materials management, tech support, customer service and winery operations. With a career emphasis on business application systems, his responsibilities span application software systems, networking and corporate infrastructure. Steven has a B.A. from Stanford University and now lives in the East Bay, which makes it easy for him to escape to Tahoe, where he snow skis and water skis every chance he gets.








Michael Jones
VP, Software Engineering







Michael Jones
VP, Software Engineering
Michael has been with Fitbit since 2009 and is the VP of Services and Infrastructure Engineering. He has more than 16 years of experience managing, leading and scaling teams and web applications for major brands like American Greetings, CNET and Excite@Home. In his current role, Michael leads teams that enable Fitbit’s core online connected experience. He lives with his wife and son, and gets his steps in by going on long hikes outside of San Francisco.








Shelten Yuen
VP, Research







Shelten Yuen
VP, Research
Shelten leads advanced Research and Development at Fitbit. He is responsible for creating new sensors using sensor data to make intelligent, engaging features in devices. Under Shelten’s leadership, Fitbit developed Fitbit's PurePulse™ heart rate, sleep tracking and activity tracking technologies. Prior to Fitbit, Shelten was a researcher in surgical robotics, cellular mechanics and missile defense. He received his Ph.D. in Engineering Sciences from Harvard University, has over 15 years’ experience as an engineer and researcher, and is an inventor on more than 100 granted patents. When Shelten isn't busy tinkering with technology, he enjoys tinkering on the guitar and rocking out with his kids.








Thomas Hudson
VP, Investor Relations







Thomas Hudson
VP, Investor Relations
With more than 19 years on the buy-side, Tom brings a unique perspective to his position as Fitbit’s Chartered Financial Analyst. Prior to Fitbit, he analyzed and invested in some of the nation’s leading growth-oriented businesses. He also led the investor relations team at two of Silicon Valley’s top global consumer technology brands, eBay and PayPal, during a transformative period of time. Tom earned his BSBA with a concentration in finance at Boston University’s School of Management. Having relocated from Manhattan, he’s an outdoor enthusiast who relishes the California sunshine and spends his free time running, biking, paddling and playing tennis.








Peter Molettiere
VP, Software Engineering







Peter Molettiere
VP, Software Engineering
Peter came to Fitbit in 2011 to implement a sustainable software engineering process, and  has helped the company develop a stronger, faster and more agile team. Prior to Fitbit, he spent 5 years managing Nokia’s SNAP Mobile team, where he delivered the N-Gage multi-user gaming experience to Java feature phones. Peter has 20 years experience in the startup world, with a high-profile client history that includes Sony Online Entertainment, EA Games, Silicon Graphics, Netscape, Alexa Internet and Verizon. He is also an avid yogi who enjoys trying to burn more than 3000 calories per day.








Mark O’Hagan
VP, Corporate Controller







Mark O’Hagan
VP, Corporate Controller
Mark joined Fitbit in December 2014 to lead core accounting functions, scale the accounting team in preparation for the 2015 IPO and ensure the company’s success as a high-growth public company. Prior to Fitbit, he spent 10 years in VP Corporate Controller positions in technology related companies—first with Omnicell, a provider of medication management solutions, and more recently with Vocera Communications, where he helped the mobile communication company through their successful IPO process. Before those roles, Mark worked for 13 years in various senior finance roles at 3Com Corporation. He has a B.A. in Business Administration and German from Loughborough University in the U.K.








Samir Kapoor
VP of Firmware Engineering







Samir Kapoor
VP of Firmware Engineering
Samir is VP of Firmware Engineering at Fitbit and is responsible for firmware on all Fitbit products. Prior to his time with Fitbit, Samir spent 10 years with Qualcomm, where he was VP of Engineering and held multiple leadership roles in software engineering and wireless technology development for mobile and consumer products. Before that, he was the Director of Engineering at Flarion Technologies (acquired by Qualcomm in 2006), and was an early member of the team that developed the innovative FLASH-OFDM technology. Samir holds over 20 patents in the U.S., received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame and received his M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.








Des Power
EMEA Managing Director







Des Power
EMEA Managing Director
As part of Fitbit’s new EMEA headquarters in Dublin, Des oversees markets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. By focusing on team building and customer engagement, he has developed teams with a history of outstanding regional and global performance. Before joining Fitbit, Des was at Philips and Harman International, where he worked on a range of consumer audio products, while focusing on sales, marketing, product strategy and business leadership. He earned a bachelor's degree in engineering and a master’s degree in electronic engineering from Trinity College. Des is also an Irish national, so he’s thrilled to be back in his homeland with family and friends.








Jacob Wallin
VP, Treasurer







Jacob Wallin
VP, Treasurer
As our VP Treasurer, Jacob is responsible for maintaining the company’s banking infrastructure and managing key risks including the impact of foreign exchange and other financial market rates. Jacob has held treasury roles and corporate finance roles at Electronic Data Systems, ASML, Network Equipment Technologies, Electronic Arts and Verifone. He also brings years of international experience from EDS in New Zealand and Belgium. Jacob is a Swedish Institute graduate scholar at Comenius University in Bratislava, Slovakia, has an MBA in International Finance from Thunderbird School of Global Management, is a regular guest speaker at treasury conferences and is an active member of the Association for Financial Professionals.








Adam Pellegrini
VP, Digital Health







Adam Pellegrini
VP, Digital Health
As our VP of Digital Health, Adam is responsible for leading the vision, strategies and programs that support Fitbit’s integration into healthcare systems around the world. In his role, Adam harnesses the power of Fitbit products, software and services to help create better clinical health outcomes, while identifying new revenue opportunities that will build on the company’s current momentum in disease management, insurance and wellness programs. Previously, he served as Vice President of Digital Health at Walgreens Boots Alliance, where he led a team of seasoned industry executives to build out the next generation of digital and mHealth platforms. He also led marketing and product strategy at HealthyCircles, worked as a product manager for Microsoft Healthvault and managed the online strategy for the American Cancer Society.








Andrei Pitis
VP Engineering and Head of Bucharest Office







Andrei Pitis
VP Engineering and Head of Bucharest Office
With over 20 years of tech leadership experience between Romania and the United States, Andrei leads the growth of Fitbit’s Bucharest office. He joined Fitbit along with the rest of the team at VectorWatch where he was Founder and CEO. Before that, Andrei was an active Angel Investor in several startups and held several tech leadership positions. In his spare time, he acts as the co-founder of the Innovation Labs pre-accelerator program in Romania and also serves on the board of ANIS, a leading software industry association. Andrei holds a BSc and a MSc in Computer Science from the Polytechnic University of Bucharest. He enjoys spending every available long weekend with his wife and two daughters city-strolling while improving his skills in urban photography throughout Europe and beyond.








Lisa Gross
VP, Human Resources North America & Acting Global HR Head







Lisa Gross
VP, Human Resources North America & Acting Global HR Head
As the VP of HR for North America and Acting Global HR Head, Lisa is responsible for leading Fitbit’s Global Human Resources initiatives. Prior to Fitbit, she held various HR Leadership positions in top global companies across diverse industries—including General Electric, Tyco Electronics, Applied Materials, and Bayer Healthcare, where she most recently served as Vice President, Human Resources. With an M.S. in Organizational Psychology from Columbia University and a B.S. in Psychology from UCLA, Lisa is passionate about developing talent and leadership capabilities, building organizational effectiveness, and fostering diversity. Lisa is an avid explorer who enjoys taking her Fitbit tracker traveling, hiking, kayaking, camping, and skiing with her husband and three teenagers.








Eric Lentell
VP, Legal







Eric Lentell
VP, Legal
Eric is Vice President of Legal at Fitbit. Since joining Fitbit in September 2014, he has held multiple positions in our legal department. Before joining the team, Eric served as Director, Senior Corporate Counsel at VeriFone, Inc. Prior to that, he held a position as Corporate Counsel at DISH Network L.L.C. Eric earned a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Colorado at Boulder Leeds School of Business and a J.D. from the University of Colorado School of Law. In his spare time, Eric enjoys skiing, running and spending time with his wife and their daughter.








Jeff Devine
EVP, Operations







Jeff Devine
EVP, Operations
Jeff Devine has served as Fitbit’s Executive Vice President of Operations since February 2017. Before joining Fitbit, he spent two years as Chief Operating Officer of uBeam Inc., a wireless charging company. Before that, he spent five years as VP of Supply Chain Management at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking information technology company. Jeff also spent time as Senior Vice President of Global Operations at Palm, Inc., a smartphone company acquired by Hewlett-Packard in July 2010 and has held several senior level positions at Nokia and Boeing. He earned his B.S. in mechanical engineering from the University of Dayton and an M.B.A. from the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University.








Keith Noah
VP, Channel Sales







Keith Noah
VP, Channel Sales
Keith joined Fitbit in 2012 and is the VP of Channel Sales, responsible for the US and Canada.  He has over 25 years of sales and marketing experience in the technology industry, most recently with TomTom and Palm. Keith holds a B.A. in Liberal Arts and Sciences from the University of Illinois.








Jonathan Oakes
VP Product Management







Jonathan Oakes
VP Product Management
As VP of Product Management, Jonathan is responsible for defining the products, features and experiences that deliver on Fitbit’s vision, mission and business goals. Jonathan has over 15 years of experience in high technology. He launched 12 products while leading Product Management at Amazon for the Kindle eReader and Fire Tablet product lines, spanning both hardware and software. He also held multiple product management and business development leadership positions at Hewlett-Packard and Palm Computing. Earlier in his career, he founded and ran ThinAirApps, an early pioneer in mobile software applications which he sold to Palm Computing in 2001. Jonathan has a BA in American Studies from Skidmore College and an MBA from Harvard Business School.








Mark Silverio
SVP, Americas Sales







Mark Silverio
SVP, Americas Sales
Mark is responsible for Sales and Channel Marketing in North and South America—focusing on growing Fitbit’s business with our best in class retail partners. Mark has over 20 years of sales and marketing experience with mobile and wireless consumer electronics products. Prior to Fitbit, he led US sales for TomTom, was VP of Sales and Marketing for Navigon (now a Garmin brand) and held a variety of sales management roles in the PDA and smartphone industry at Palm. Mark has a B.S. in Marketing from the Carroll School of Management at Boston College. He and his Fitbit tracker spend a lot of time visiting customers and logging steps by running through airports.









 Headquarters

                                San Francisco
                            

                                405 Howard StreetSuite 550San Francisco, Ca 94105
                            
Directions












                            Boston
                        

                            One Marina Park DriveSuite 701Boston, MA 02210415-513-1000
                        
Directions



                            San Diego
                        

                            15255 Innovation Drive  Suite 200  San Diego, CA 92128
                        
Directions



                            Dublin
                        

                            76 Lower Baggot Street,Dublin 2, Ireland
                        
Directions



                            Hong Kong
                        

                            Unit 828, Level 8, AdmiraltyCentre Tower II, 18 HarcourtRoad, Admiralty, Hong Kong
                        
Directions



                            Shanghai
                        

                            Level 23, 5 CorporateAvenue 150 Hubin Road,Shanghai, 200021 China
                        
Directions



                            Seoul
                        

                            POSCO Center Building, WestTower, Suite #1134, 440Teheran-ro,Kangnam-gu,Seoul 135777
                        
Directions



                            Minsk
                        

                            51A K. Tsetkin St., 6th FLoor, Suite 10,Minsk, Belarus 220004
                        
Directions



                            New Delhi
                        

                            Flat no.4, 1st Floor,Building No.600, SuryaKunj, Ram Singh Marg,Saidulajab, New Delhi110030
                        
Directions



                            Tokyo
                        

                            22F Shibuya Mark City, 1-12-1Dogenzaka Shibuya-ku,Tokyo 150-0043
                        
Directions



                            Singapore
                        

                            #19-02 Guoco Tower1 Wallich Street Singapore 078881
                        
Directions





Contact Us
Choose your inquiry topic below

Brand Partnerships
Retail Sales
Corporate Wellness
General/Other
PR/Media
Submit your Fitbit success story
Customer Support






























































William R. Zerella - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William R. Zerella
Chief Financial Officer at Fitbit, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William R. Zerella? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William R. Zerella's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William R. Zerella's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William R. Zerella's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William R. Zerella through your network of contacts.
												








William R. Zerella's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Financial Officer, 
Fitbit, Inc.


Past
To view William R. Zerella's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


William R. Zerella's Biography



William Zerella has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2014. From October 2011 to June 2014, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a publicly held wireless healthcare communications company. Prior to Vocera, from July 2006 to September 2011, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer for Force10 Networks Inc., a networking company acquired by Dell Inc. Prior to Force10, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer at Infinera Corporation, a telecom equipment provider, and Chief Financial Officer at Calient Networks, Inc., an optical equipment provider. Mr. Zerella has also held various ...
(Read More)

			William Zerella has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2014. From October 2011 to June 2014, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a publicly held wireless healthcare communications company. Prior to Vocera, from July 2006 to September 2011, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer for Force10 Networks Inc., a networking company acquired by Dell Inc. Prior to Force10, Mr. Zerella served as Chief Financial Officer at Infinera Corporation, a telecom equipment provider, and Chief Financial Officer at Calient Networks, Inc., an optical equipment provider. Mr. Zerella has also held various other senior level financial and business management positions at several companies, including GTECH Corporation and Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Zerella holds a B.S. in accounting from the New York Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from the New York University Leonard N. Stern School of Business.
		
Source: Fitbit, Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William R. Zerella's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William R. Zerella. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William R. Zerella's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William R. Zerella's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William R. Zerella through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William R. Zerella


















William R. Zerella's Connections (32)





Sign up now to view William R. Zerella's 32 connections »









Brian D. Ascher
Former Lead Independent Director, Vocera Communications, Inc.









Robert J. Zollars
Board Member, VWR Corporation









Eric P. Tom
Former Executive Vice President, Global Sales, International Game Technology









Hany M. Nada
Former Board Member, Glu Mobile Inc.









John N. McMullen
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 3D Systems









Howard E. Janzen
Board Member, Sonus Networks, Inc.









Laura J. Alber
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.









Sharon L. O'Keefe
Former Board Member, Vocera Communications, Inc.









John B. Grotting
Former Board Member, Vocera Communications, Inc.









Andy Missan
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Fitbit, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















William Zerella – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending May 23, 2014
Posted on May 27, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Kodak 
Wynn Resorts, Limited
Celgene Corporation 


Career Education Corporation 
Neos Therapeutics, Inc. 
Novatel Wireless, Inc. 


Civergy, Inc. 
Kony, Inc.
Harvest Power


ZaZa Energy Corporation 
WhiteHorse Finance, Inc. 
Code42


Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc.
RF Surgical Systems Inc.
APT Group, Inc. 


Global Payments Inc. 
ITC Holdings Corp. 
AMC Health


Avalanche Biotechnologies, Inc. 
Nasuni
Gordon Brothers Group


IEC Electronics Corp. 
Acquia
CFEngine, Inc., 


MuleSoft
MYOS Corporation
Ocwen Financial Corporation


Vocera Communications, Inc. 
Neural ID




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Kodak (NYSE: KODK) announced that John N. McMullen has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 15, 2014. McMullen held a series of senior financial roles during a 32-year career with HP and predecessor companies, Compaq Computer and Digital Equipment Corporation. His positions included Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Treasurer of HP, Chief Financial Officer of HP’s Imaging and Printing Group, Vice President of Finance and Strategy for Compaq’s Worldwide Sales and Services Group, Compaq’s Director of Investor Relations, and Controller of DEC’s Worldwide Products Division. Since 2011, McMullen also has been a member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee Chair of Vocera Communications. He succeeds Rebecca A. Roof who has, since September 2012, served as Kodak’s interim Chief Financial Officer while remaining a Managing Director of AlixPartners LLP, which advised the company during its complex and successful Chapter 11 reorganization.
Wynn Resorts, Limited appointed Stephen Cooteyas the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Cootey has served as the Company’s Treasurer since February 2014, and as the Company’s Senior Vice President – Finance from January 2014 to May 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cootey served as Senior Vice President – Corporate Finance for Las Vegas Sands Corporation from March 2012 to December 2013, and Vice President – Corporate Finance from October 2009 to March 2012. From June 2004 to October 2009, Mr. Cootey was Partner and Senior Research Analyst with Prides Capital, LLC.
Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG) announced that Jacqualyn Fouse, PhD, is promoted from the CFO role to President Hematology & Oncology and that Peter Kellogg will join Celgene as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Peter will join Celgene on July 1, 2014, and will become CFO effective August 1st. He is an industry veteran having most recently served as CFO and Executive Vice President at Merck & Co, Inc. Prior to Merck, Peter was CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance at Biogen Idec Inc.
Career Education Corporation (NASDAQ: CECO) announced the appointment of Reid E. Simpson as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Colleen O’Sullivan who is leaving the organization, but will remain available for consultation to Mr. Simpson through the end of June to ensure a smooth transition. Before joining Career Education, Mr. Simpson was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the then NASDAQ-listed Asset Acceptance Capital Corp. and was instrumental in the sale of the company to Encore Capital Group in 2013. Mr. Simpson’s career includes a variety of senior financial leadership roles in both publically- and privately-held businesses, including CFO positions at Aircell (now Gogo Inc.), eCollege (then a NASDAQ-listed provider of value-added services to the post-secondary and K-12 education markets) and CCC Information Services Inc. He also worked at The Signature Group, Delphi Information Systems Inc. and spent 16 years with The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation. During the past seven years, Mr. Simpson was a Board member and Audit Committee member for Helix Education, Inc. (formerly named Datamark Inc.)
Neos Therapeutics, Inc. announced the appointment of Richard I. Eisenstadt to the role of Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Neos Therapeutics, he served as Chief Financial Officer of ArborGen Inc. Prior to ArborGen, Mr. Eisenstadt was Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Tranzyme Pharma. Prior to joining Tranzyme, Mr. Eisenstadt served as Director of Finance at Cogent Neuroscience, and held financial leadership positions at Nimbus CD International and Genicom Corporation.
Novatel Wireless, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVTL) announced that chief financial officer, Kenneth Leddon, has decided to leave the company effective May 31, 2014. Mr. Leddon has accepted a chief financial officer position with another company.
Civergy, Inc. announced that Dan Hollenbach has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Civergy, Dan led the consulting practice in Colorado for Robert Half Management Resources, and was VP of Finance and CFO for Global Employment Holdings. Previously, he served as the Controller and CFO of Imprimis Group. 
Kony, Inc. announced the appointment of John R. Joyce as chief financial officer (CFO) and vice chairman. Joyce served in a variety of senior posts during his 30-year career at IBM, which included successful stints as CFO, head of IBM Global Services and head of IBM’s Asia-Pacific operations. Following IBM, Joyce served as managing director at SilverLake, and most recently served as the vice chairman and CFO of Silver Spring Networks. Joyce continues to serve as vice chairman.
Harvest Power announced that it has named Christian G. Kasper as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Kasper comes to Harvest Power from The Princeton Review, Inc., where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Chris has previously served as CFO for three companies where he partnered with leading private equity and venture capital firms including Bain Capital Ventures, Thomas H. Lee Partners, and Aurora Capital Group.
ZaZa Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: ZAZA) announced that Paul F. Jansen, currently the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer (CAO), assumed the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Prior to joining the Company in March 2013, Mr. Jansen was Controller and CAO for Crimson Exploration Inc., which merged with Contango Oil & Gas Company last year. Previously, he worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Jansen replaces Ian H. Fay. Mr. Fay will continue to serve as an outside strategic advisor to ZaZa, the role he played for ZaZa and other companies prior to assuming the position of CFO.
WhiteHorse Finance, Inc. (NASDAQ: WHF) announced that its Board of Directors has promoted Gerhard Lombard to the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, effective June 15, 2014. Alastair Merrick, WhiteHorse Finance’s current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will be stepping down in order to pursue other opportunities. Mr. Merrick will remain with the Company as a consultant until December 31, 2014 to ensure an orderly transition. Gerhard Lombard currently serves as WhiteHorse Finance’s Controller. He joined the Company in September 2012 prior to the Company’s December IPO. Previously, Mr. Lombard was Group Controller for Churchill Financial Group from 2007 until joining WhiteHorse Finance. Earlier in his career, he spent approximately 11 years at Ernst & Young LLP, rising to the level of Senior Manager.
Code42 announced the appointment of Jason Bristow as its chief financial officer (CFO). Bristow joins Code42 from Amazon.com, where he served as vice president and treasurer. Prior to his time with Amazon, Bristow held senior financial roles at General Electric, both domestically and internationally.
Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. (OTC: AMEH) announced the appointment of Mitchell R. Creem as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Creem is a seasoned healthcare executive with more than 30 years of experience as both a CEO and CFO including: CEO for Keck Hospital of USC and USC Norris Cancer Hospital; CFO for UCLA Medical Center; CFO for Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center; CFO for Tufts Medical Center. Mr. Creem replaces Kyle Francis, former CFO and Executive Vice President.
RF Surgical Systems Inc. announced the appointment of Ron Wangerin as CFO. Wangerin has over 25 years of diverse financial experience, including 10 years as CFO of ViaSat, Inc.; two years as CFO with NexusData, Inc.; three years as CFO with Hughes/Raytheon Training LLC, a subsidiary of Raytheon Company, and nine years with Deloitte & Touche LLP.
APT Group, Inc. announced the resignation of Chief Financial Officer Alexander Kramer, who is leaving to pursue an opportunity in another industry out of state. Mr. Kramer’s resignation is effective May 30, 2014. William Maher, SVP Corporate and Legal Affairs, will step in as interim-CFO.  
Global Payments Inc. (NYSE: GPN) announced the promotion of David E. Mangum to President and Chief Operating Officer. Mangum joined Global Payments in 2008 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was promoted to Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2011. He will assume his new role on June 30, 2014. Cameron M. Bready has accepted the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Global Payments, also effective June 30, 2014. Since 2011, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for ITC Holdings Corp. Bready joined ITC Holdings in April 2009 as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
ITC Holdings Corp. (NYSE: ITC) announced that Cameron M. Bready , executive vice president and CFO, will resign from the company effective June 20, 2014 to accept a senior leadership position with a technology firm based in Atlanta, Ga.  Rejji P. Hayes, the current vice president of Finance and Treasurer of ITC, has been named the company’s interim CFO. 
AMC Health announced that Walter D. Hosp has been appointed to the newly created position of Chief Financial Officer, starting on July 7, 2014. Mr. Hosp currently serves as a Director and Chair of the Audit Committee for the Trustwave Holdings, Inc. Board and was formerly on the boards of Bostwick Laboratories, Inc., Hexcel Corporation and the United Way of Westchester and Putnam Counties where he served as Chairman of the Board. Hosp comes to AMC Health after serving seven years as Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer of HMS Holdings Corporation. Previously, Mr. Hosp spent five years as Vice President and Treasurer of Medco Health Solutions, Inc. (now Express Scripts). His extensive resume also includes six years as CFO and President of the Business Support Center at CIBA Specialty Chemicals Corporation (now BASF Corporation), as well as six years as Vice President and Treasurer of CIBA-Geigy Corporation (now Novartis Corporation).
Avalanche Biotechnologies, Inc. announced the appointment of Linda C. Bain as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Avalanche, Ms. Bain was Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President of Finance and Business Operations, and Treasurer at bluebird bio in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Preceding her tenure at bluebird bio, Ms. Bain was at Genzyme Corporation, where she held multiple roles, including Vice President of Finance, Global Manufacturing & Operations and Vice President of Finance of Genzyme Genetics. Previously, she held various senior leadership positions in finance at Fidelity Investments, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals and positions in audit at Deloitte & Touche.
Nasuni announced that Steve Boulanger, who previously served as chief financial officer at Care.com, has joined the company to serve as its CFO. Before joining Nasuni as CFO, Boulanger managed the corporate finance and accounting functions for six years at Care.com. Prior to Care.com Boulanger held similar positions at Tagsys RFID Group; OpenPages, Inc. (acquired by IBM); Cimaron Communications (acquired by AMCC); and FASTech Integration, Inc. (acquired by Brooks Automation).
Gordon Brothers Group announced that Michael P. Muldowney has joined the firm as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Gordon Brothers Group, Mr. Muldowney was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Foxford Capital. Prior to this role, he served as Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of global education leader, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Muldowney held various positions including President, at Nextera Enterprises, Partner at Oliver Wyman, (formerly Mercer Management Consulting) and various management positions at Marsh & McLennan Companies.
IEC Electronics Corp. (NYSE: IEC) announced the promotion of Michael T. Williams to Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Effective June 1, 2014 Mr. Williams will replace Vincent A. Leo, who will return to Insero & Company, the CPA consulting firm at which he is a principal. Mr. Williams previously served in a number operations and finance roles during his career at Bausch & Lomb Incorporated. Before that, Mike was a financial analyst with Harris Corporation. 
Acquia announced the appointment of software industry veteran Bill Sorenson as chief financial officer. Sorenson was previously the CFO of Qlik Technologies. Sorenson also led finance operations for companies as CFO at EMI Music Publishing and the Bertlesmann eCommerce Group, which funded Napster, as well as at several early stage start ups. Prior to that he served as senior VP of global finance at News Corporation.
CFEngine, Inc. announced the appointment of Eoin O’Connor to the post of Chief Financial Officer. Eoin brings diverse industry experience and skillset having successfully led various finance functions at large enterprises such as Oracle and Siebel Systems, as well as at early stage startup companies. Eoin began his career at KPMG, and has spent 25 years in leadership roles across both finance and operations functions. Most recently he was at ON24 and Space-Time Insight Inc.
MuleSoft announced that it has appointed Matt Langdon as chief financial officer. Matt most recently served as CFO of TIBCO Software Inc. In his 11-year tenure with TIBCO, he held key leadership positions, including senior vice president of strategic operations, CMO, vice president of corporate development and director of sales enablement. His earlier career experience includes positions in product management at Siebel Systems, investment management at an affiliate of Bass Brothers Enterprises, and investment banking at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
MYOS Corporation (OTC: MYOS) announced the appointment of Joseph C. DosSantos, as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. DosSantos joins MYOS from Actavis plc, where he served as Executive Director, Finance Operations. Previously, he served as Vice President, Corporate Controller, of Alvogen. Mr. DosSantos has also served as Senior Director, Assistant Corporate Controller at Celgene Corporation. Additionally he has held positions of increasing responsibilities at Cytec Industries and National Starch & Chemical.
Ocwen Financial Corporation appointed Michael R. Bourque, Jr. as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 2, 2014.  The Board appointed our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John V. Britti, as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Ocwen, effective as of June 2, 2014. Prior to joining Ocwen, Mr. Bourque spent fifteen years in various financial leadership positions in the General Electric Company, spanning both GE’s industrial businesses as well as GE Capital.  Most recently, from 2013 to April 2014, Mr. Bourque served as Chief Financial Officer for GE Distributed Power, a business within GE Power & Water.  Prior to that he served in other CFO, financial planning and analysis and internal audit roles at General Electric.
Vocera Communications, Inc. (NYSE: VCRA) announced that its chief financial officer, William Zerella, plans to leave the company on June 6, 2014. Mr. Zerella will become CFO of a consumer wearable devices company in Silicon Valley. 
Neural ID announced the appointment of Will Frederick as Chief Financial Officer. He joins Neural ID from Entelos, where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Entelos, Mr. Frederick’s nearly 25 years of experience includes serving as CFO of the Global Communications Solutions division at Avaya Inc, as well as CFO roles at NovaRay Medical, Pharsight Corp., and Versata Inc.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,405 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:





William Zerella, Fitbit Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





William "Bill" Zerella

Chief Financial Officer,
Fitbit Inc






Career History




Chief Financial Officer
Fitbit Inc, 6/2014-PRESENT


Chief Financial Officer
Vocera Communications Inc, 10/2011-6/2014


VP:Fin & Administration/CFO
Force10 Networks Inc, 7/2006-9/2011


Chief Financial Officer
Infinera Corp, 12/2004-6/2006



Iggt Global Solutions Corporat, FORMER



Deloitte & Touche LLP, FORMER


Chief Financial Officer
Ictv Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.fitbit.com






Corporate Information
Address:

405 Howard Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States


Phone:
1-415-513-1000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.fitbit.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Leonard N Stern School of Business
MBA, Finance


New York Institute of Technology
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Xad Inc


Board Member, 3/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































