




ZVNBRGN

Zevenbergen Funds – Zevenbergen Funds employ the same disciplined growth investment focus that Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI) has held since inception in 1987. The investment philosophy is predicated on the belief that company revenue, cash flow and earnings growth are the essential catalysts of stock price appreciation combine with financial flexibility and experienced company management offering competitive advantages during market downturns. Investments meeting these criteria are uncovered using a research intensive, bottom-up strategy.




















 





 











You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering E*TRADE web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


IMPORTANT NOTICE
You are now leaving Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site and will be entering the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") Web Site. Schwab provides recordkeeping and shareholder services for shares purchased through its Mutual Fund MarketPlace® and OneSource® services. Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Schwab. The Zevenbergen’s Web Site has not been reviewed by Schwab and Schwab makes no representations regarding its content. The information available through this link should not be considered either a recommendation by Schwab or a solicitation of any offer to purchase or sell any securities.

Click here to access the Schwab Web Site

Click here to go back
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering Scottrade web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


You are leaving the Zevenbergen Funds site and entering the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


















Embrace change and
disruption.
We are curious investors. Zevenbergen seeks out new technologies, services and innovations that create ground breaking opportunities. We uncover the drivers of growth with a keen eye on who is at the helm. Investing in growth and visionary management teams is the winning combination.


No pebble left
unturned.
Screening for strong revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth, Zevenbergen looks for successful businesses that invest for the future. The focus is on companies with solid business plans and management teams that can drive growth for the next decade. We pay attention to every detail.


Partners for the
long-term.
We are not a huge corporation where you are just another number, our passion for investing extends to our relationships and communications. Our clients are our partners and appreciate the power of maintaining a long-term investment horizon. We do not take this trust lightly and maintain a client-first culture operating with the highest ethical standards.


Your biggest risk is
not taking one.
Thirty years has provided Zevenbergen with an established, long-term track record in growth equity investing. Defining risk in terms of short-term volatility lacks imagination and foresight. We welcome market moves as opportunities to create conviction-weighted portfolios geared for unpredictability.







Quick Links 
How to Invest
Zevenbergen Funds

News & Updates 
ZCI Featured in the Seattle Times

Subscribe to blog 

 
  
linkedin
twitter
facebook

 















ZVNBRGN

People – Zevenbergen Funds



















 





 











You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering E*TRADE web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


IMPORTANT NOTICE
You are now leaving Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site and will be entering the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") Web Site. Schwab provides recordkeeping and shareholder services for shares purchased through its Mutual Fund MarketPlace® and OneSource® services. Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Schwab. The Zevenbergen’s Web Site has not been reviewed by Schwab and Schwab makes no representations regarding its content. The information available through this link should not be considered either a recommendation by Schwab or a solicitation of any offer to purchase or sell any securities.

Click here to access the Schwab Web Site

Click here to go back
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering Scottrade web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


You are leaving the Zevenbergen Funds site and entering the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site.

I Agree

Close
 
 

















INVESTMENT TEAM

BROOKE DE BOUTRAY
LinkedIn

JOSEPH DENNISON
LinkedIn

KEVIN KNAPP
LinkedIn

LESLIE TUBBS
LinkedIn

ANTHONY ZACKERY
LinkedIn

NANCY ZEVENBERGEN
LinkedIn


CLIENT PORTFOLIO TEAM

HERB ALBIN
LinkedIn

LISA FOLEY
LinkedIn

STEIN HUGUS
LinkedIn

SUSAN SCHMATZHAGEN
LinkedIn

BILL COOK
LinkedIn


OPERATIONS TEAM

DANI BLANCHARD
LinkedIn

JIM FASANO
LinkedIn

LEA GARIANDO
LinkedIn

ANN KUBALANZA
LinkedIn


COMPLIANCE AND BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

JUSTIN BULLER
LinkedIn

BARBARA FRANK
LinkedIn

ALEXA PARKER
LinkedIn







Managing DirectorInvestment Officer

Mr. Albin joined ZCI in 1999 and is responsible for portfolio and fixed-income analysis, as well as client communications.  Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Albin worked with several companies over a 15-year period developing wide-ranging expertise in the investment industry.  Those firms included Wertheim Schroder in New York, where he traded fixed-income securities and provided portfolio strategies for institutional clients, CIBC Oppenheimer in Seattle as Fixed Income Manager, and McDonald Investments, Inc. where he served as an adviser recommending investment and retirement plan strategies for corporate clients.  Mr. Albin received a BA in Business Administration from Seattle Pacific University with an emphasis in Finance.  Outside of ZCI, he is an Edmonds Underwater Park Docent, PADI Scuba Instructor and a mentor for Seattle University.
Sector Expertise:  Comprehensive Portfolio Analysis









Investment Associate

Ms. Blanchard joined Zevenbergen Capital in the Operations team in August 2014 with primary responsibilities for trade settlement, daily custodial reconciliation and creation of marketing materials. Her additional duties include processing portfolio company corporate actions and supporting the investment and client portfolio teams with research and analysis. Prior to Zevenbergen, Ms. Blanchard worked at PitchBook Data Inc. as a Research Intern focused on analysis of private equity and venture capital deals. Ms. Blanchard holds a BBA in Finance & Entrepreneurship from the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business and is a 2017 Level II candidate of the CFA program.









Chief Compliance Officer

Prior to joining Zevenbergen Capital’s Operations group in 1997, Mr. Buller was employed with Seattle-Northwest Securities Corp. as a Trading Assistant. While at ZCI, his roles have included trade settlement, trading, operations and client service support. Mr. Buller was promoted to Investment Operations Manager and Senior Compliance Assistant, supervising administrative and organizational functions as well as serving as primary compliance support. In 2009, Mr. Buller was promoted to serve as ZCI’s Chief Compliance Officer. In addition, Mr. Buller serves as the firm’s MIS Director. Mr. Buller has earned a BA in Business Administration from Seattle University and holds the Investment Adviser Certified Compliance Professional® designation.









Controller

Ms. Parker joined ZCI in 2016. In her role as Controller, Ms. Parker is in charge of accounting functions, accounting processes and financial reporting.  Prior to joining ZCI, Ms. Parker worked at Moss Adams LLP as a Senior Associate in its audit department.  While at Moss Adams, she was in charge of project management of financial statement audits and technical training of staff.  She worked primarily with privately and publicly held financial service and technology companies.  Ms. Parker received a BA in Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting and a BA in Spanish at the University of Washington.  She serves as Treasurer on the University Vision Leadership Board of Directors. Ms. Parker is a CPA and a member of both the AICPA and the WSCPA.









Managing DirectorPortfolio Manager

Ms. de Boutray joined ZCI in 1992 with primary responsibilities in portfolio management and equity research.  Her lengthy career in the financial industry includes positions as Portfolio Manager, Research Analyst and Trust Officer for First Interstate Bank, as well as Portfolio Manager and Director of Marketing for M.T. Associates Investment Council.  Ms. de Boutray has spent much time abroad, living in both France and Canada, which provides valuable international perspective to the investment process.  As a Portfolio Manager, she helps define ZCI’s investment policy and has responsibility for selecting equity holdings.  Ms. de Boutray received a BA in Business Administration from the University of Washington and a MBA from the University of Puget Sound.   She is also a CFA charterholder and is a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle.  Ms. de Boutray serves on the Department of Finance and Economics Advisory Board at Seattle University, the Finance Committee of the ARCS Foundation, Inc. (Achievement Rewards for College Scientists), the Pacific Northwest Ballet Advisory Board and the HR and Benefits Committee of the Washington Athletic Club Board of Governors.
Sector Expertise:  Consumer Discretionary, Consumer Staples and Utilities









Associate Portfolio Manager

Mr. Dennison joined Zevenbergen Capital in 2011.   In his current capacity he supports ZCI’s portfolio managers with active recommendations on security selection and portfolio construction through original research, which includes financial statement analysis, forecasting, and management assessments. Prior responsibilities at ZCI have included assistance in trading, settlement, client service and research. Prior to joining ZCI, Mr. Dennison worked for Seattle’s largest public defender, as well as serving as Grant Awards & Investment Associate for Anduin Foundation.  In his role with The Defender Association, Mr. Dennison was a primary source of communication with clients, specializing in conflict resolution, scheduling, and case assignment.  For Anduin, Mr. Dennison was responsible for researching and contacting potential grant recipients, as well as assisting in determining long-term gifting and investment strategies.  He received his BA in Political Science from Yale University.  Mr. Dennison is a CFA charterholder and is a member of both the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Seattle.









Managing DirectorInvestment Officer

Mr. Fasano joined ZCI in 1995 as an Investment Associate, tasked with operations and administrative responsibilities.  Currently, he serves as the firm’s MIS Director, conducts performance attribution and portfolio analysis, and is a key contributor to client communications.  Additionally, he assumed the role of Operations Manager in 2007.  Prior to joining ZCI, Mr. Fasano worked for a business consulting firm, emphasizing the creation, implementation and management of growth and marketing plans.  As a Consultant Planner, he extended a high level of personal service to clients seeking greater revenues and operational efficiencies.  Mr. Fasano’s education includes a BA from the University of Washington and a MBA with a concentration in Operations Management from Seattle University.









Managing DirectorInvestment Officer

Ms. Foley joined Zevenbergen Capital in 1992.  Possessing 30 years of experience in the investment industry, Ms. Foley has assumed many critical roles at ZCI:  Equity Research Analyst, Equity Trader, Compliance Officer and Operations Manager.  As an Investment Officer, she is responsible for portfolio and statistical analysis, directing client investment strategies and serves as key client contact for communicating investment decisions and policy.  Ms. Foley holds a BA in Psychology from the University of Montana and is currently a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle.
Sector Expertise:  Comprehensive Portfolio Analysis









Associate

Barbara joined ZCI in 2013 as a bookkeeper.  Additionally, she provides support in various aspects of the company.  Previously Barbara worked as an Account Executive and Associate Local Sales Manager at KING Television in Seattle.  Some of her responsibilities included managing inventory, management of special events, pricing, sales, new business development and account management.  She also worked in an accounting and marketing capacity at Dale Frank & Associate, Inc. – a private real estate development firm.  Barbara graduated with a BA in Communications-Advertising from the University of Washington and received her MBA from Seattle University.  Barbara volunteers in the community for a variety of organizations and has served in a number of positions including Board President for National Charity League – Lake Washington Chapter.  For numerous years she has been a Patrons of Cystic Fibrosis guild member.









Investment Associate

Ms. Gariando worked at Clearwater Analytics in a client service role prior to joining Zevenbergen Capital. While there her key responsibilities included daily reconciliation of fixed income transactions and addressing client questions regarding custom reporting, investment accounting, performance, compliance and risk. Lea joined ZCI’s Operations team in 2013. Her responsibilities include research support for the investment and client services teams, account reconciliation, and operations. Lea received her BA in Economics from Whitman College and was a trustee of the Whitman Investment Company, a student-managed equity portfolio. Ms. Gariando is a CFA charterholder and is a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle.









Senior Investment Associate

Mr. Hugus was formerly employed with The Boeing Company, as an Industrial Analyst, producing graphical and statistical flow charts for mechanic manufacturing estimates and then as a Cost Management Analyst, compiling and coordinating divisional reports for use in 10 year business plan forecasting.  Mr. Hugus joined ZCI in 2000 as a member of the operations team, assisting with trade settlement and reconciliation.  He was promoted to Senior Investment Associate, assisting with fixed-income administration, compliance, marketing and client service support.  Mr. Hugus serves as the firm’s primary resource for the production of presentation, graphic and marketing materials, as well as investment performance reporting, including ZCI’s composites.  He holds a BA in Business Administration from Western Washington University with an emphasis in Finance.  Mr. Hugus has earned the Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement (CIPM) from the CFA Institute and is a member of the CIPM Association.









Senior Trading Associate

Mr. Knapp joined Zevenbergen Capital in 2004 as the firm’s senior security trader.  Bringing over 18 years trading experience to the team, Mr. Knapp previously worked as a NASDAQ Trader at Ragen MacKenzie/Wells Fargo and as Securities Trading Manager for Metropolitan Investment Securities, Inc.  During his tenure with Ragen MacKenzie, Mr. Knapp was responsible for making a market in 30 different securities and reliably committed capital on the firm’s behalf.  As ZCI’s senior trader, Mr. Knapp works closely with the investment management team, communicating critical market information and trade reporting, as well as contributing to client reporting and operational support.  Mr. Knapp holds a BA in Political Science from the University of Washington.









Investment Associate

Ms. Kubalanza joined ZCI’s operations team in 2015.  She is responsible for trade settlement, account reconciliation and acts as a liaison between brokers and custodians in operational support.  Ms. Kubalanza also works in client service, supporting and creating presentation materials for meetings as well as coordinating company events.  Ms. Kubalanza graduated from the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business Magna Cum Laude in March 2015 with a BBA in Finance.  Prior to ZCI, Ms. Kubalanza worked at Nordstrom, Inc. in sales and accounts payable/receivable.  Ms. Kubalanza is a 2016 Level I Candidate in the CFA Program.









Senior Investment Associate

Ms. Schmatzhagen joined Zevenbergen Capital in 2000 as part of the Operations team.  Upon promotion to Senior Investment Associate, her responsibilities now include completing Request for Proposals for manager searches and consultant database questionnaires, as well as providing client service and marketing support.  Prior to joining ZCI, Ms. Schmatzhagen was an Assistant Property Manager for Regency Centers, a Real Estate Investment Trust specializing in retail property management.  Ms. Schmatzhagen holds a BBA in Business Administration from St. Norbert College.









Managing DirectorPortfolio Manager

Ms. Tubbs joined Zevenbergen Capital in 1994, after working for eight years in commercial lending, credit analysis, marketing, administration and senior-level management at Key Bank of Washington.  In addition to her primary responsibilities as a Portfolio Manager and Research Analyst with specific sector responsibilities, she also oversees financial management of the firm.  She holds a BA in Business Administration from the University of Washington with a concentration in Finance.  Ms. Tubbs is a CFA charterholder and is a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle.  She is also a finance committee member of the national Delta Delta Delta Foundation.
Sector Expertise:  Health Care and Financial Services









Associate Portfolio Manager

Mr. Zackery joined ZCI in 2011.  In his current capacity, he supports portfolio managers with active recommendations on security selection and portfolio construction through original research, which includes financial statement analysis, forecasting, and management assessments.  Prior responsibilities at ZCI have included operations and client service.  Before joining ZCI, Mr. Zackery worked as a Credit Analyst for Banner Bank, where he evaluated the creditworthiness of existing and prospective bank clients.  He graduated magna cum laude with a BA in Business Administration, finance concentration, and minor in economics from Western Washington University, where he was a Presidential Scholar.  He currently serves as an advisory board member to the Western Washington University College of Business and Economics Investment Management and Scholarship Endowment Fund.  Mr. Zackery is a CFA charterholder and is a member of both the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Seattle.









PresidentChief Investment Officer

Ms. Zevenbergen established Zevenbergen Capital in 1987, creating a responsive, research-focused investment firm.  Prior to founding ZCI, Ms. Zevenbergen was a Portfolio Manager and Research Analyst for Rainier National Bank for six years.  She was responsible for supervising trust assets for individuals and organizations with diverse investment goals and varying constraints.  Currently, Ms. Zevenbergen oversees the firm’s investment policy and portfolio management decisions, maintaining a strong commitment to original research.  She graduated from the University of Washington, earning a BA in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance, is a CFA charterholder and a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle.  Ms. Zevenbergen serves as an Independent Trustee of the Smead Funds Trust.  Furthermore, she serves on the Seattle Pacific Foundation Board of Directors as chair of the Investment Committee, and is a member of the University of Washington Foster School of Business Advisory Board.
Sector Expertise:  Technology, Energy, Materials/Processing and Producer Durables









PresidentNational Director Mutual Fund Sales

Mr. Cook joined Zevenbergen Capital in 2017 and is responsible for nationwide mutual funds sales for the Zevenbergen Funds.  He began his career in Institutional Equity Sales at AG Becker in New York over 35 years ago.  Since that time, he has worked for some of the country's leading investment banks including Shearson Lehman Brothers, Piper Jaffray, and most recently, CLSA America. Mr. Cook's broad knowledge and deep understanding of U.S. equities give him a unique perspective into market trends, durable business models and the long-term investment process.  He graduated from Virginia Tech with a BS in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance.  Outside of ZCI, he is an active member of the Mayacama Volunteer Fire Department.










Quick Links 
How to Invest
Zevenbergen Funds

News & Updates 
ZCI Featured in the Seattle Times

Subscribe to blog 

 
  
linkedin
twitter
facebook

 















ZVNBRGN

How to Invest in Zevenbergen Funds – Zevenbergen Funds



















 





 











You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering E*TRADE web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


IMPORTANT NOTICE
You are now leaving Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site and will be entering the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") Web Site. Schwab provides recordkeeping and shareholder services for shares purchased through its Mutual Fund MarketPlace® and OneSource® services. Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Schwab. The Zevenbergen’s Web Site has not been reviewed by Schwab and Schwab makes no representations regarding its content. The information available through this link should not be considered either a recommendation by Schwab or a solicitation of any offer to purchase or sell any securities.

Click here to access the Schwab Web Site

Click here to go back
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering Scottrade web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


You are leaving the Zevenbergen Funds site and entering the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site.

I Agree

Close
 
 

















How to Invest in Zevenbergen Funds






ZEVENBERGEN GROWTH FUND




Ticker:
ZVNBX
ZVNIX


Share Class
Investor
Institutional


Minimum Investment
$2,500
$250,000




 









ZEVENBERGEN GENEA FUND




Ticker:
ZVGNX
ZVGIX


Share Class
Investor
Institutional


Minimum Investment
$2,500
$250,000







Opening a Bank Account for Direct Purchase
Zevenbergen Funds are available at U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC. One benefit of direct investment is there are no transaction fees for all share classes. Accounts are setup by mailing a printed application to U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC. While no online access is currently available, your account can be accessed via telephone along with mailed quarterly statements.
If you need help opening, funding an account or placing a trade, please contact U.S. Bancorp:



U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC
Phone: (844) 986-2746


To print new account documents, please visit:
www.zci.com/documents




Opening a Brokerage Account
If you don’t already have one, it’s easy to setup an account with any of the following brokers. It can be done either online or at a local branch.
If you need help opening, funding an account or placing a trade, please contact the following brokers:



Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.


Website: www.schwab.com
Phone: (866) 855-9102


Transaction Fees:Investor Share Class: None
Institutional Share Class: $76.00/buy, $0.00/sell


E*Trade


Website: us.etrade.com
Phone: (800) 387-2331


Transaction Fees:Investor Share Class: None
Institutional Share Class: $19.99 buy and sell


Scottrade


Website: www.scottrade.com
Phone: (800) 619-7283


Transaction Fees:Investor Share Class: None
Institutional Share Class: $17.00 buy and sell




For Financial Advisors
Zevenbergen Funds are available for purchase on Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., E*TRADE and Scottrade platforms.
If you do not have an existing relationship with the organizations listed, please request that Zevenbergen Funds be added to the platform of your choice.
Additional Questions? Please contact Bill Cook at Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC at (206) 682-8469.

Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC does not endorse any specific brokerages, nor do any brokerages endorse Zevenbergen Funds; provided for information only. Transaction fees shown are provided by brokerages as of April 13, 2016, and may change without prior notice. There may be additional fees charged by U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC, brokerages or advisors that are not detailed on this form. Displayed transaction fees are for online and automated phone trades only.
While funds are no-load, management and other expenses still apply. Please refer to the prospectus for further details.
The Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses must be considered carefully before investing. The statutory and summary prospectus contain this and other important information about the investment company, and may be obtained by calling 1.844.986.2746, or visiting www.zci.com/funds. Read carefully before investing.
Mutual fund investing involves risk, including the loss of principal. The Funds invests in foreign securities which involve volatility and political, economic, and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. Non-diversified funds may hold a significant percentage of their assets in the securities of fewer companies and therefore events affecting those companies have a greater impact on the funds than on a diversified fund. If the Funds invest in a few sectors they may have increased exposure to price movements of those sectors. Small and medium capitalization companies tend to have limited liquidity and greater price volatility than large capitalization companies. The funds are new, with no operating history, and there can be no assurance that the Funds will grow to or maintain an economically viable size, in which case the Board may determine to liquidate the Funds.
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC (ZCI) is the investment advisor of the Zevenbergen Funds which are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.


Bill Cook National Director Mutual Fund Sales 206.682.8469 funds@www.zci.com.php56-4.dfw3-2.websitetestlink.com
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC  601 Union Street, Suite 4600  Seattle, Washington 98101






Quicklinks 
News
How to Invest
Growth Fund Newsletter
Genea Fund Newsletter
GROWTH FUND FACT SHEET
GENEA FUND FACT SHEET
STATUTORY PROSPECTUS
GROWTH SUMMARY PROSPECTUS
GENEA SUMMARY PROSPECTUS
SAI
XBRL Risk/Reward Summary

 
Daily NAV as of 7/21/2017Fund NameTickerNAV$ ChangeGrowth FundZVNBX$12.71$-0.01Growth FundZVNIX$12.78$-0.01Genea FundZVGIX$14.99$-0.03Genea FundZVGNX$14.89$-0.03

  
linkedin
twitter
facebook

 
















Disclaimer




































































You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site






















































Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























zevenbergen capital investments llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and consulting services. Zevenbergen Capital Investments serves clients in the State of Washington.




Corporate Information
Address:

601 Union Street
Suite 4600
Seattle, WA 98101
United States


Phone:
1-206-682-8469


Fax:
1-206-682-9625


Web url:
www.zci.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Nancy Zevenbergen
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Nancy Zevenbergen


President/Chief Invsmt Officer




Justin Wyatt Buller


Chief Compliance Officer




Brooke de Boutray


Managing Director/Portfolio Mgr




Leslie Campbell Tubbs


Managing Director/Portfolio Mgr




Elise Christine Foley "Lisa"


Managing Director




James A Lenford Fasano "Jim"


Managing Director




Herbert Wallace Albin "Herb"


Managing Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Error Page






























































Skip to main content.




















Search







Search








 
 


 


Virtus Investment Partners












(404) The page you requested could not be found.
We're sorry, but a recent reorganization may have moved the content you were looking for to a new area.  Please use the navigation bars to view how we currently have things organized.
 
If you'd like assistance, please contact us.
 
 



 















Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 22, 2017 12:00 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC (ZCI) is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for pension and profit sharing plans, banking or thrift institutions, investment companies, charitable organizations, public funds, endowments, corporations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It invests in growth stocks from the technology, communications and media sectors, as well as any industries benefiting from the latest advan...
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC (ZCI) is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for pension and profit sharing plans, banking or thrift institutions, investment companies, charitable organizations, public funds, endowments, corporations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It invests in growth stocks from the technology, communications and media sectors, as well as any industries benefiting from the latest advancements in research and development to create its equity portfolio mix. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It was founded in 1987 and is based in Seattle, Washington. Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC operates as a subsidiary of RidgeWorth Capital Management, Inc.
Detailed Description


601 Union StreetSuite 4600Seattle, WA 98101United StatesFounded in 1987



Phone: 206-682-8469

Fax: 206-682-9625

www.zci.com







Key Executives for Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC




Ms. Nancy Ann Zevenbergen CFA, CIC


      	President, Chief Investment Officer, Director, and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Donna Brooke De Boutray CFA


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Leslie Campbell Tubbs CFA


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. James Lenford Fasano


      	Managing Director and Investment Officer
      








Ms. Lisa Foley


      	MD, Investment Officer, Equity Research Analyst, Equity Trader, Compliance Officer, and Ops Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC Key Developments

Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC Announces Launch of Two Mutual Funds
Jan 15 16
Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC announced launch of two mutual funds: Zevenbergen Growth Fund and Zevenbergen Genea Fund. The Zevenbergen Growth Fund invests in companies that have a sizeable addressable market, product differentiation and strong competitive  advantages, regardless of market capitalization. While both funds are based on the firm's long-term, high conviction investment strategies, the Zevenbergen Genea Fund seeks to invest earlier in the growth cycle, is more sector concentrated and focuses on companies benefiting from technological advancements.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC, please visit www.zci.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC






























































Skip to main content.




















Search







Search








 
 


 


Virtus Investment Partners


















Zevenbergen Capital Investments
The investment team at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI) has worked together for over a decade, applying rigorous fundamental research to build high-growth equity portfolios.

View all Investment Partners
Concentrated positions in well-researched companies
By maintaining an independent, fundamental research focus, the team is able to identify and capitalize on potential investment opportunities that may enhance performance results. ZCI believes that concentrated positions in well-researched companies, combined with active management decisions, will outperform broadly diversified benchmarks given an appropriate time horizon.
Visit the firm’s website


Mutual Funds


Virtus Zevenbergen Innovative Growth Stock Fund
View






Investment Professionals







Nancy Zevenbergen, CFA, CIC
President and Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager

Industry Start Date: 1981

Show More

Nancy Zevenbergen is president and chief investment officer at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI). Ms. Zevenbergen oversees the firm’s investment policy and portfolio management decisions, maintaining a strong commitment to original research. She serves as portfolio manager of the RidgeWorth Innovative Growth Stock Fund, subadvised by ZCI.


Prior to founding ZCI in 1987, Ms. Zevenbergen served as a portfolio manager and research analyst for Rainier National Bank, where she was responsible for supervising trust assets for individuals and organizations with diverse investment goals and varying constraints.


Ms. Zevenbergen earned a B.A. in business administration with a concentration in finance from the University of Washington, Seattle. She holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute, CFA Society of Seattle, and is a board member for the Seattle Pacific Foundation. Ms. Zevenbergen has worked in the financial services industry since 1981.



 






Brooke de Boutray, CFA, CIC
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager

Industry Start Date: 1982

Show More

Brooke de Boutray is managing director and portfolio manager at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI). She serves as portfolio manager of the RidgeWorth Innovative Growth Stock Fund, subadvised by ZCI. In this role, Ms. de Boutray helps define the Fund’s investment policy and is responsible for selecting equity holdings. Her investment focus is on finding companies that are transformative and disruptive to the status quo. She seeks strong management that defines the culture and creative innovation required of growth companies.


Ms. de Boutray began her career in the financial industry with First Interstate Bank of Washington as portfolio manager, research analyst, and trust officer. She also was a portfolio manager and director of marketing at M.T. Associates Investment Council.


Ms. de Boutray earned a B.A. in business administration from the University of Washington, Seattle, and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Puget Sound. She holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation and is a member of both the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle. In addition, Ms. de Boutray serves on the Department of Finance and Economics Advisory Board at Seattle University Albers School of Business and is a board member of the Achievement Rewards for College Scientists (ARCS) Foundation Inc., Seattle Chapter. She has worked in the financial services industry since 1982.



 






Leslie Tubbs, CFA, CIC
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager

Industry Start Date: 1994

Show More

Leslie Tubbs is managing director and portfolio manager at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI). Ms. Tubbs oversees the financial management of the firm. She serves as portfolio manager of the Virtus Zevenbergen Innovative Growth Stock Fund, subadvised by ZCI, where her primary responsibilities include portfolio management and research analysis with specific sector responsibilities.
Prior to joining ZCI, Ms. Tubbs spent eight years in commercial lending, credit analysis, marketing, administration, and senior-level management at Key Bank of Washington.
Ms. Tubbs earned a B.A. in business administration with a concentration in finance from the University of Washington, Seattle. She holds the Chartered Financial Analyst®(CFA®) designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Seattle. She is also a finance committee member of the Delta Delta Delta Foundation. Ms. Tubbs has worked in the financial services industry since 1994.



 






Joseph Dennison, CFA
Associate Portfolio Manager

Industry Start Date: 2011

Show More

Joe Dennison is an associate portfolio manager at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI). He supports ZCI’s portfolio managers with active recommendations on security selection and portfolio construction through original research, which includes financial statement analysis, forecasting, and management assessments. Prior responsibilities at ZCI have included assistance in trading, settlement, client service, and research. 
Prior to joining ZCI in 2011, Mr. Dennison worked for Seattle’s largest public defender, as well as serving as Grant Awards & Investment Associate for Anduin Foundation. In his role with The Defender Association, Mr. Dennison was a primary source of communication with clients, specializing in conflict resolution, scheduling, and case assignment. At Anduin, Mr. Dennison was responsible for researching and contacting potential grant recipients, as well as assisting in determining long-term gifting and investment strategies.
Mr. Dennison earned a B.A. in political science from Yale University. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder and a member of both the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Seattle. He has worked in the investment industry since 2011. 



 






Anthony Zackery, CFA
Associate Portfolio Manager

Industry Start Date: 2011

Show More

Anthony Zackery is an associate portfolio manager at Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI). He supports ZCI’s portfolio managers with active recommendations on security selection and portfolio construction through original research, which includes financial statement analysis, forecasting, and management assessments. Prior responsibilities at ZCI have included operations and client service. 
Prior to joining ZCI in 2011, Mr. Zackery worked as a credit analyst for Banner Bank, where he evaluated the creditworthiness of existing and prospective bank clients. 
Mr. Zackery graduated magna cum laude with a B.A. in business administration (concentration in finance, minor in economics) from Western Washington University, where he was a Presidential Scholar. He currently serves as an advisory board member to the Western Washington University College of Business and Economics Investment Management and Scholarship Endowment Fund. Mr. Zackery is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder and a member of both the CFA Institute and CFA Society of Seattle. He has worked in the investment industry since 2011.



 



 




 



 


































 



 Zevenbergen Capital Launches Two Mutual Funds 
         










    










 






 











 









Zevenbergen Capital Launches Two Mutual Funds

Jan 15, 2016, 10:02 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







ZVNBRGN Funds    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




ZVNBRGN Funds
 


 

 




 





 


SEATTLE, Jan. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC (ZCI) proudly announces the launch of two mutual funds: Zevenbergen Growth Fund (Tickers: ZVNBX, ZVNIX) and Zevenbergen Genea Fund (Tickers: ZVNGX, ZVGIX). 
"The funds were created to provide ZCI's growth offerings to a broader audience of investors," said Elliott Cain, CFA, Manager-Shareholder Relations. The Zevenbergen Growth Fund invests in companies that have a sizeable addressable market, product differentiation and strong competitive advantages, regardless of market capitalization. While both funds are based on the firm's long-term, high conviction investment strategies, the Zevenbergen Genea Fund seeks to invest earlier in the growth cycle, is more sector concentrated and focuses on companies benefiting from technological advancements.
ZCI was founded with a single purpose: to partner with our clients for the long-term and build portfolios of great companies across growth stage and sector. Companies of interest are challenging large, traditional industries with disruptive products and services. Combining experience and open-mindedness, ZCI values unique ideas, extraordinary management teams (which see opportunities where others see obstacles) and the intense commitment required for companies to develop and grow. 
The portfolio management team averages sixteen years of experience at ZCI and includes Portfolio Managers, Brooke de Boutray, CFA, CIC, Leslie Tubbs, CFA, CIC, and Nancy Zevenbergen CFA, CIC along with Associate Portfolio Managers, Joseph Dennison, CFA and Anthony Zackery, CFA. "The finance industry is driven by numbers and well-defined style boxes," said Ms. Zevenbergen. "While numbers matter, it's people who create performance." 
About ZCI:
ZCI is an SEC-registered investment adviser, specializing in high growth-equity investment advisory services for separately managed portfolios and mutual funds. With operations dating back to 1987, ZCI strictly adheres to a fundamental, bottom-up investment process serving public funds, endowments, corporations and individuals alike - those seeking an active growth equity component to broaden their return potential. Growth is the cornerstone of ZCI's philosophy, the focus of research and the foundation for building relationships. ZCI's culture is structured to instill teamwork firm-wide, from portfolio management to trade execution, and to foster unwavering "client-first" service and high ethical standards.
For more information visit www.zci.com/funds or contact Elliott Cain, CFA, Manager – Shareholder Relations at cain@zci.com or (206) 682-8469. 
Mutual Fund Investing involves risk, including the loss of principal. The Funds invest in foreign securities which involve greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. Non-diversified funds may hold a significant percentage of their assets in the securities of fewer companies and therefore events affecting those companies have a greater impact on the funds than on a diversified fund. If the Funds invest in a few sectors they may have increased exposure to price movements of those sectors. Small and medium capitalization companies tend to have limited liquidity and greater price volatility than large capitalization companies. The Funds are new with no operating history, and there can be no assurance that the Funds will grow to or maintain an economically viable size, in which case the Board may determine to liquidate the funds.                                                             
The fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses must be considered carefully before investing.  
The statutory and summary prospectus contains this and other important information about the investment company, and may be obtained by calling 1.844.986.2746, or visiting www.zci.com/funds. Read carefully before investing.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) does not approve or disapprove of any investment.
Zevenbergen Capital Investments, LLC (ZCI) is the investment advisor to the Zevenbergen Funds which are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160114/322488LOGO 
 
 SOURCE  Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.zci.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC                                                                                      - Seattle                                           , WA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Seattle



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC
                                    



 





















Z 


Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



601 UNION ST STE 4600 SEATTLE, WA 98101
Get Directions



(206) 682-8469
www.zci.com                                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,193,384.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Nancy Zevenbergen                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zevenbergen Capital Investments Llc                                                                                      was founded in 1987. Zevenbergen Capital Investments Llc                                                                                      specializes in Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 


Zevenbergen Capital Investments LLC
 | LinkedIn
 




























































































































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.

















































ZVNBRGN

Funds – Zevenbergen Funds



















 





 











You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering E*TRADE web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


IMPORTANT NOTICE
You are now leaving Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site and will be entering the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") Web Site. Schwab provides recordkeeping and shareholder services for shares purchased through its Mutual Fund MarketPlace® and OneSource® services. Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Schwab. The Zevenbergen’s Web Site has not been reviewed by Schwab and Schwab makes no representations regarding its content. The information available through this link should not be considered either a recommendation by Schwab or a solicitation of any offer to purchase or sell any securities.

Click here to access the Schwab Web Site

Click here to go back
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering Scottrade web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


You are leaving the Zevenbergen Funds site and entering the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


















FUNDS
Zevenbergen Funds employ the same disciplined growth investment focus that ZCI has held since inception. Screening for strong revenue, earnings and cash flow growth, Zevenbergen Funds look for successful businesses that invest for the future. The focus is on companies with solid business plans and management teams that can drive growth for the next decade. 



ZevenbergenGrowth Fund

The Zevenbergen Growth Fund utilizes a broad industry lens to hand-select a portfolio of 30-60 high quality growth companies. The Growth Fund invests in seasoned pioneers across all market capitalizations with the ability to sustainably manage growth for the long-term.

Learn More





ZevenbergenGenea Fund

The Zevenbergen Genea Fund takes a decade-long perspective, pursuing innovative global companies transforming industries open for disruption. With concentrated positions in 15-40 companies, the Genea Fund seeks to capture an earlier inflection point of growth. 
Learn More










Quicklinks 
News
How to Invest
Growth Fund Newsletter
Genea Fund Newsletter
GROWTH FUND FACT SHEET
GENEA FUND FACT SHEET
STATUTORY PROSPECTUS
GROWTH SUMMARY PROSPECTUS
GENEA SUMMARY PROSPECTUS
SAI
XBRL Risk/Reward Summary

 
Daily NAV as of 7/21/2017Fund NameTickerNAV$ ChangeGrowth FundZVNBX$12.71$-0.01Growth FundZVNIX$12.78$-0.01Genea FundZVGIX$14.99$-0.03Genea FundZVGNX$14.89$-0.03

  
linkedin
twitter
facebook

 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   









ZVNBRGN

Zevenbergen Funds – Zevenbergen Funds employ the same disciplined growth investment focus that Zevenbergen Capital Investments (ZCI) has held since inception in 1987. The investment philosophy is predicated on the belief that company revenue, cash flow and earnings growth are the essential catalysts of stock price appreciation combine with financial flexibility and experienced company management offering competitive advantages during market downturns. Investments meeting these criteria are uncovered using a research intensive, bottom-up strategy.




















 





 











You are leaving the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site and entering the Zevenbergen Funds site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering E*TRADE web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


IMPORTANT NOTICE
You are now leaving Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site and will be entering the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") Web Site. Schwab provides recordkeeping and shareholder services for shares purchased through its Mutual Fund MarketPlace® and OneSource® services. Zevenbergen Funds’ Web Site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Schwab. The Zevenbergen’s Web Site has not been reviewed by Schwab and Schwab makes no representations regarding its content. The information available through this link should not be considered either a recommendation by Schwab or a solicitation of any offer to purchase or sell any securities.

Click here to access the Schwab Web Site

Click here to go back
 
 


You are leaving the zci.com web site and entering Scottrade web site.

Continue

Go Back
 
 


You are leaving the Zevenbergen Funds site and entering the Zevenbergen Capital Investments adviser site.

I Agree

Close
 
 


















Embrace change and
disruption.
We are curious investors. Zevenbergen seeks out new technologies, services and innovations that create ground breaking opportunities. We uncover the drivers of growth with a keen eye on who is at the helm. Investing in growth and visionary management teams is the winning combination.


No pebble left
unturned.
Screening for strong revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth, Zevenbergen looks for successful businesses that invest for the future. The focus is on companies with solid business plans and management teams that can drive growth for the next decade. We pay attention to every detail.


Partners for the
long-term.
We are not a huge corporation where you are just another number, our passion for investing extends to our relationships and communications. Our clients are our partners and appreciate the power of maintaining a long-term investment horizon. We do not take this trust lightly and maintain a client-first culture operating with the highest ethical standards.


Your biggest risk is
not taking one.
Thirty years has provided Zevenbergen with an established, long-term track record in growth equity investing. Defining risk in terms of short-term volatility lacks imagination and foresight. We welcome market moves as opportunities to create conviction-weighted portfolios geared for unpredictability.







Quick Links 
How to Invest
Zevenbergen Funds

News & Updates 
ZCI Featured in the Seattle Times

Subscribe to blog 

 
  
linkedin
twitter
facebook

 























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


