






























Zevin Asset Management LLC Has $1.89 Million Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Shares Sold by Eads & Heald Investment Counsel
American National Insurance Co. TX Has $11,411,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX)
Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) Shares Bought by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL
State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Freightcar America, Inc. (NASDAQ:RAIL)
Swiss National Bank Holds Stake in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 16,766 Shares of Yelp Inc. (YELP)
Swiss National Bank Holds Stake in LGI Homes, Inc. (LGIH)
Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) Position Held by Swiss National Bank
CACI International, Inc. (CACI) Stake Boosted by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (SBGI) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Sterling Bancorp (STL) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $2.47 Million Stake in Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS)
Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 16,156 Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (MDRX)
Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $207,000 in Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (CORE)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 28,808 Shares of Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 15,615 Shares of Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (HMC)
Engineers Gate Manager LP Boosts Position in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB)
Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases New Position in Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR)
Zevin Asset Management LLC Has $1.89 Million Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)



 


Zevin Asset Management LLC Has $1.89 Million Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 29th, 2017 // No Comments 



Zevin Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 0.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 31,523 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 265 shares during the period. Zevin Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $1,887,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 29.9% in the first quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 47,850 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,864,000 after buying an additional 11,003 shares in the last quarter.  Commerce Bank raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 1.7% in the first quarter. Commerce Bank now owns 681,356 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $40,786,000 after buying an additional 11,527 shares in the last quarter.  Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 10.2% in the first quarter. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. now owns 100,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $5,992,000 after buying an additional 9,225 shares in the last quarter.  Tdam USA Inc. raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 6.5% in the first quarter. Tdam USA Inc. now owns 348,331 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $20,851,000 after buying an additional 21,312 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 1.8% in the first quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,877,147 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $112,366,000 after buying an additional 33,576 shares in the last quarter. 68.88% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric Company (EMR) traded down 0.63% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $59.53. 2,887,463 shares of the company traded hands. Emerson Electric Company has a 12-month low of $49.22 and a 12-month high of $64.36. The company has a market cap of $38.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.43 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $59.85 and a 200-day moving average price of $59.67. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. Emerson Electric’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.57 earnings per share.  On average, analysts predict that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This piece of content was first  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/29/emerson-electric-company-emr-stake-increased-by-zevin-asset-management-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently issued reports on EMR shares. TheStreet upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Emerson Electric from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Cowen and Company  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, JMP Securities started coverage on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, June 19th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 price target for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and three have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




United Technologies Corporation  Shares Sold by Eads & Heald Investment Counsel





American National Insurance Co. TX Has $11,411,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation 





State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Freightcar America, Inc. 





Comcast Corporation  Shares Bought by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL





UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 16,766 Shares of Yelp Inc. 





Swiss National Bank Holds Stake in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿






























Zevin Asset Management LLC Maintains Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

KAMES CAPITAL plc Acquires Shares of 10,349 Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRUS)
Bio-Techne Corp (TECH) Stake Raised by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Has $982,000 Stake in Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL)
Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Shares Sold by Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc.
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stake Boosted by First Command Financial Services Inc.
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Acquires 500 Shares of Patterson Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ:PDCO)
Eastman Chemical Company (NYSE:EMN) Stake Lowered by Point72 Asset Management L.P.
First National Bank of Hutchinson Sells 685 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT)
Dominion Energy Inc. (NYSE:D) Position Cut by YHB Investment Advisors Inc.
Fmr LLC Acquires 13,296,056 Shares of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)
Lucus Advisors LLC Purchases New Position in Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET)
BlackRock Inc. Increases Position in Southern Copper Corporation (NYSE:SCCO)
Broderick Brian C Decreases Position in Fiserv, Inc. (FISV)
United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund Has $62,601,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP)
Aviva plc (LON:AV) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
$0.63 Earnings Per Share Expected for Enterprise Financial Services Corporation (EFSC) This Quarter
HighTower Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Opko Health, Inc. (OPK)
Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Position Cut by Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio
1,175 Shares in LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Acquired by Harbour Capital Advisors LLC
American International Group Inc. Acquires 293 Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX)







Zevin Asset Management LLC Maintains Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 5th, 2017 // No Comments




Zevin Asset Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 3,675 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Zevin Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $497,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. iAB Financial Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at approximately $100,000.  Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $103,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at approximately $109,000.  Westport Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $115,000.  Finally, Webster Bank N. A. increased its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  89.14% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) traded down 1.16% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $142.61. 719,366 shares of the stock were exchanged. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $127.02 and a 1-year high of $150.45. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $144.33 and a 200 day moving average price of $142.11. The firm has a market capitalization of $31.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.86 and a beta of 1.26. 





Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.84 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 19.26%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.82 EPS.  Equities analysts predict that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.15 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 14th. Investors of record on Monday, July 3rd will be issued a $0.95 dividend. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.66%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. Air Products and Chemicals’s dividend payout ratio  is 26.28%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/05/air-products-chemicals-inc-apd-stake-maintained-by-zevin-asset-management-llc-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of analysts recently issued reports on APD shares. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $148.00 to $160.00 in a report on Monday, May 1st. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $152.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $155.00 target price on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $153.71.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.







Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for CA Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CA Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Chairman Sells $1,781,400.00 in Stock
Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd.
Laffer Investments Buys New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
Northgate plc (NTG) Insider Acquires £21,400 in Stock
Godfrey Sullivan Sells 40,000 Shares of Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Stock
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Position in Ply Gem Holdings, Inc. (PGEM)
HighTower Advisors LLC Invests $561,000 in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB)
WILLIAM HIL ADR (WIMHY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
$0.15 Earnings Per Share Expected for Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) This Quarter
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Boosts Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC)
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) Shares Sold by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 5,881 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
72,662 Shares in HP Inc. (HPQ) Acquired by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 250 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) to Release Earnings on Wednesday
athenahealth’s (ATHN) Market Perform Rating Reiterated at William Blair
Citigroup Inc. Trims Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) Target Price to $118.00
Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)
Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT)
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Buys 1,333 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG)







Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Highland Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 5,871 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000. 
Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Country Club Trust Company n.a. increased its stake in  CA by 1.8% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 300,164 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $9,521,000 after buying an additional 5,361 shares in the last quarter.  First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services increased its stake in  CA by 18.2% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services now owns 62,163 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,972,000 after buying an additional 9,575 shares in the last quarter.  Creative Planning increased its stake in  CA by 43.9% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 5,989 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $190,000 after buying an additional 1,828 shares in the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners increased its stake in  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC increased its stake in  CA by 9.6% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 81,859 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,595,000 after buying an additional 7,188 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.50 and its 200 day moving average is $32.46. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. CA Inc. has a 12 month low of $30.01 and a 12 month high of $36.54. 





CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.60 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/highland-capital-management-llc-takes-position-in-ca-inc-ca.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on shares of CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of CA in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.10.
In other news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 168,455 shares in the company, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).







Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Home — Zevin Asset Management, LLC
























Skip to Content[X] CLOSEMAIN MENUHome
Invest
Who We AreAbout Us
Our Clients
Our People
Careers

How We InvestInvestment Philosophy
Constructing Portfolios
Selecting Securities
Maintaining Portfolios

Social ResponsibilityOverview
Investment Considerations
Negative Screens
Positive Screens
Shareholder Advocacy
Proxy Voting
Implementation

Investment Commentary
Investment ResultsOverview
Global Appreciation — Nontaxable
Global Appreciation  — Taxable
Global Appreciation with Income — Nontaxable
Global Appreciation with Income — Taxable

News
Contact

HomeInvestWho We AreAbout UsOur ClientsOur PeopleCareersHow We InvestInvestment PhilosophyConstructing PortfoliosSelecting SecuritiesMaintaining PortfoliosSocial ResponsibilityOverviewInvestment ConsiderationsNegative ScreensPositive ScreensShareholder AdvocacyProxy VotingImplementationInvestment CommentaryInvestment ResultsOverviewGlobal Appreciation — NontaxableGlobal Appreciation  — TaxableGlobal Appreciation with Income — NontaxableGlobal Appreciation with Income — TaxableNewsContact


Com­mit­ted to serv­ing our clients’ finan­cial needs with com­pet­i­tive invest­ment performance
Ded­i­cated to social change
Zevin Asset Man­age­ment, LLC is a global top-​down invest­ment man­age­ment firm whose phi­los­o­phy is rooted in the idea of avoid­ing major losses rather than seek­ing big gains. Our dis­ci­plined approach removes the emo­tion from invest­ing by iden­ti­fy­ing attrac­tive regions and sec­tors from around the world while expe­ri­enced ana­lysts con­cen­trate on stock selec­tion. For both social and invest­ment rea­sons, we focus our stock selec­tion on well-​managed com­pa­nies with sus­tain­able busi­ness practices.



Social Respon­si­bil­ity
For both social and invest­ment rea­sons, we focus on well-​managed com­pa­nies with sus­tain­able busi­ness prac­tices capa­ble of deliv­er­ing worth­while returns for a num­ber of years. The secu­ri­ties that we man­age are screened for a wide range of social cri­te­ria and are voted in a con­sci­en­tious way. Our share­holder activism includes ini­ti­at­ing com­pany dia­logues and co-​filing share­holder res­o­lu­tions on behalf of our clients. . . . MORE




follow @ZevinAssetMgmt




follow at LinkedIn





Zevin Views at Medium.com



 
 





News
July 12, 2017Q2 Advocacy Update.  READJuly 5, 2017Zevin Announces New Chief Investment Officer.  READJune 20, 2017Financing the Future.  READJune 2, 2017What now? Investors respond to Trump's climate chaos.  READMay 31, 2017Pay Fairness at TJX Companies.  READ


invest­ment commentary
April 20, 2017Return of the Dreaded Deadlock?By Robert Brooke Zevin, Chairman, Senior Portfolio ManagerThe primary reason we were optimistic about the outlook for stock markets after the U.S. election was that one party had control of both Congress and the White House, thus hopefully eliminating the plague of Washington deadlock which had crippled President Obama’s policies as well as many previous presidents. Now we are confronting Deadlock 2.0; and it could be even worse than the versions we have already seen.
President Trump’s narcissism and combativeness leave him ill-suited to master a process in which other people’s opinions matter. At times these same traits seem to render him . . . MORE







follow @ZevinAssetMgmt




follow at LinkedIn





Zevin Views at Medium.com



 
 




© 2017 Zevin Asset Management, LLC  |  Disclaimers  |   Back to Top







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Zevin Asset Management LLC                                                                                               - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Zevin Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















Z 


Zevin Asset Management LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11 BEACON ST STE 1125 BOSTON, MA 02108
Get Directions



(617) 742-6666
www.zevin.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $850,000.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Robert Zevin                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zevin Asset Management Llc                                                                                               is located at 11 Beacon St Ste 1125 in Boston and has been in the business of Investment Advisory Service since 1997. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Zevin Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Zevin Asset Management, LLC


Zevin Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 165269) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $584,718,255 in 286 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 10 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Zevin Asset Management, LLC




11 Beacon Street, Suite 1125,
Boston,
MA
02108
617-742-6666
http://www.zevin.com




http://www.zevin.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

585
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

286
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$2,044,469







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, IL, MA, MD, ME, NH, NY, TX, VT, WA






Financial Advisors at Zevin Asset Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Benjamin C. Lovell



CRD#:
1685416



11 Beacon Street, Suite 1125,
Boston,
MA
02108




96

Wealthminder
score








Benjamin Lovell (CRD# 1685416) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Zevin Asset Management, LLC in Boston, MA and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Robert B. Zevin



CRD#:
4367618



11 Beacon Street, Suite 1125,
Boston,
MA
02108




87

Wealthminder
score








Robert Zevin (CRD# 4367618) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Zevin Asset Management, LLC in Boston, MA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































