




Ziegler Fund - LPC, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Baumgartner  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ziegler Fund - LPC, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    200 South Wacker Drive Suite 2000 
    Chicago, IL, 60606Phone: 414-978-6405 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-23


New


$15,000,000


$15,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Mark Baumgartner 
 Executive 


 Angelique David 
 Executive 


 Thomas Paprocki 
 Executive 


 Katie M Schmitz 
 Executive 


 Jeffrey Vredenbregt 
 Executive 












	LPC Trademark of LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC. Serial Number: 85021980 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
LPC










 
Get FREE email alerts













LPC  Trademark Information
 LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC
Investment services, namely, investing the funds of others in securities and real property; investment management; financial analysis and consultation; financial management; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial research; financial asset management; investment portfolio administration; consulting services in the banking, securities, financial asset management and insurance industries; financial modeling; financial risk ...




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   services         investing   funds   securities   real   property   investment   management   financial   analysis   consultation   financial   management   financial   planning   financial   portfolio   management   financial   research   financial   asset   management    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LPC trademark by LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC 
                                in Glencoe, IL, 60022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LPC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC of the LPC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LPC trademark.
                           






On Friday, April 23, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LPC by 
                        LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC, Glencoe, IL  60022.
                        The USPTO has given the LPC 
                        trademark serial  number of  85021980.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for LPC is 
                        
                        
                                            LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC of 
                                            107 South Avenue,  Glencoe IL 60022,  
                                .
                            The LPC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LPC 
                            is Investment services, namely, investing the funds of others in securities and real property; investment management; financial analysis and consultation; financial management; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial research; financial asset management; investment portfolio administration; consulting services in the banking, securities, financial asset management and insurance industries; financial modeling; financial risk management, namely, risk analytics and quantification of performance, risk and projected outcomes; banking services; trust services, namely, investment and trust company services; mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment. 
                            





Word mark:
 LPC


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

3/18/2016



  Serial Number:  
85021980


  Filing Date:  
4/23/2010


 Registration Number:  
3893108 


 Registration Date:  
12/21/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Investment services, namely, investing the funds of others in securities and real property; investment management; financial analysis and consultation; financial management; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial research; financial asset management; investment portfolio administration; consulting services in the banking, securities, financial asset management and insurance industries; financial modeling; financial risk management, namely, risk analytics and quantification of performance, risk and projected outcomes; banking services; trust services, namely, investment and trust company services; mutual fund services, namely, mutual fund brokerage, distribution and investment


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/5/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLCGlencoe, IL  60022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC
107 South Avenue
Glencoe IL 60022







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LPC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/18/2016
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LINCOLN PARK CAPITAL, LLC


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LPC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search lpc on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LPC 




LPC is providing Investment services, namely, investing the funds of others in securities and real property; investment management; financial analysis and consultation; financial management; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial research; financial asset management; investment portfolio administration; consulting services in the banking, securities, financial asset management and insurance industries; financial modeling; financial risk management, namely, risk analytics and quantificat....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Amy Ziegler, LPC, JD, 7700 Clayton Rd, #109, Clayton, MO






























 Home
 Cities
 Countries










Home
            >
            United States            >
            Clayton, MO            >
            Businesses            >
            Amy Ziegler, LPC, JD        



Amy Ziegler, LPC, JD 














Nearby businesses







OhSudz 
                                        230 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 1107                                    










The Fat Loss Code 
                                        212 S Bemiston Ave                                    










Careers at CHAN Healthcare 
                                        231 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 300                                    










20 Minutes to Fitness 
                                        130 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 130                                    










Center for Integrated Health, LLC 
                                        130 S Bemiston, Suite 404, St. Louis                                    










Home Care Services of Metropolitan St. Louis 
                                        201 S Central, Suite 108, St. Louis                                    










Clayton Mental Health, LLC 
                                        7710 Carondelet Ave                                    










Mind/Body/Soul Holistic Psychological Services 
                                        126 E. Jefferson Avenue                                    










Cedarhurst Living 
                                        8025  Bonhomme Ave                                    










St. Louis County Children's Service Fund 
                                        222 S Meramec Ave Ste 202, St. Louis                                    





Nearby hair salons







The Clayton 230 Barber Stylist 
                                            230 S Bemiston Ave                                                                                    










Clare's of Clayton Salon & Spa 
                                            7751  Carondelet Ave, St. Louis                                                                                    










Christy Vincent Hair Stylist 
                                            7751 Carondelet Ave                                                                                    










Adrian Fox Hair 
                                            7751 Carondelet Suite 110                                                                                    










Salon Marosie 
                                            225 S Meramec, Suite 100                                                                                    










Salon Ethos 
                                            173 Carondelet Plz                                                                                    





Nearby nail salons







Mani and Pedi, Nail spa 
                                            511 S Hanley Rd                                                                                    










Ladue Nail and Spa 
                                            7737 Clayton Rd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Polished 
                                            950 Francis Pl, Ste 102                                                                                    










Stylist Kelly - Cupcake - Knight 
                                            1051 South Big Bend Blvd, Richmond Heights                                                                                    










Le Nails 
                                            8472 Eager Rd, Brentwood                                                                                    










Forever Nails 
                                            6648 Clayton Rd, St. Louis                                                                                    





Nearby clothing stores







Lusso 
                                            165 Carondelet Plz, St. Louis                                                                                    










St. Louis Suit Company 
                                            7903 Forsyth Blvd                                                                                    










Byrd Designer Consignment Boutique 
                                            8825 Ladue Road, St. Louis                                                                                    










Savile Row Custom Clothier & Shirtmaker 
                                            8101 Maryland Ave                                                                                    










The Fur and Leather Centre 
                                            7901 Clayton Rd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Karen Morrow - Worth Personal Stylist 
                                            8001 Clayton Road, St. Louis                                                                                    





Nearby taxis







St. Louie Low Rates Taxi Cab Services 
                                            25 Windermere Place, St. Louis                                                                                    










St. Louis County and Yellow Cab 
                                            9930 Meeks Blvd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Unlimited Transportation Services 
                                            5021 Waterman Blvd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Chesterfield Taxi & Car Service 
                                            10770 Indian Head Industrial Blvd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Nikki Sweets at St. Louis American Cab Company 
                                            4242 Lindell Blvd, St. Louis                                                                                    










Laclede Cab 
                                            600 S Vandeventer Ave, St. Louis                                                                                    




















Private psychotherapy practice specializing in relationship conflict. Specialized training in trauma therapy, domestic violence.  Licensed attorney.




Counseling for improving unhealthy relationships with intimate partner, family or friend, colleague, or "ex".  Specialize in abuse and trauma treatment, depression, anxiety, substance abuse and general life issues.  My training is in trauma treatment, domestic violence and abuse.  I have spent my career  working in social services including ten years' practice as a public interest lawyer.  I believe that effective counseling is a blend of chemistry, sensitivity and knowledge--a combination that often leads to amazing changes in a relatively short time. I welcome prospective clients to call or email for a free initial conversation.





    A new twist on mental health: Running with the therapist while discussing life's problems    


    This makes sense to me.    
latimes.com
    Most people who seek therapy expect to sit in a quiet room with a box of tissues, facing the therapist. In Redondo Beach, Sepideh Saremi takes clients for runs or walks, which helps some open up.    




    How to Stay Sane if Trump is Driving You Insane: Advice From a Therapist    


    Here's how you can use skills of Dialectical Behavioral Therapy to cope with fear, anger, depression, etc. you might be having brought on by current politics. What do you think?    
medium.com
    “I feel like I’ve lost faith in humanity, in our country, in myself,” a client told me recently. “Is this depression, or is this the…    



    Vagus Nerve Stimulation Dramatically Reduces Inflammation    


    A fascinating article for anyone suffering from depression or anxiety. Now, new scientific evidence that deep mindful breathing also can reduce arthritis symptoms. The amazing human body.    
psychologytoday.com
    Stimulating the vagus nerve reduces inflammation and the symptoms of arthritis.    





    The Body Keep Score Bessel van der Kolk    


    The research outlined in this book is laying the foundation for the future of psychotherapy, if not neurosciences in general.  A fascinating account of how traumatic events- acute or chronic- stay with our bodies long after our memories have shut them out. 

http://www.psychotherapy.net/article/body-keeps-score-van-der-kolk 
psychotherapy.net
    Read an excerpt from the book "The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma" by acclaimed trauma expert Bessel van der Kolk.    







Telephone

 (314) 727-1903










Website
http://www.amyziegler.com


Address





                7700 Clayton Rd, #109 
                Clayton, MO  
                63117            


Opening Hours



Wednesday
8am - 12pm


Thursday
8am - 12pm


Saturday
8am - 3pm

















                            Other Clayton businesses (show all)
                    





Jennifer's Whole Health Pharmacy

        141 N Meramec #315                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        A compounding pharmacy specializing in natural healing.  Compounding prescriptions for you and your pets. Nutrition and supplement counseling. 



                
        





Angie Kester Hair Designs

        14 S Meramec Ave                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        The eye is sharper than the scissor!~B.B.                
        





Karson Kelley The Work

        620 North Skinker Blvd                    
                Clayton, 63130        
        Ready for something new? Ready for something creative? Ready for something like you've never had before?  Come see me!                
        





Cedarhurst Living

        8025  Bonhomme Ave                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        At Cedarhurst, we believe our communities are more than just a place to live, it’s a place to call home.                 
        





Careers at CHAN Healthcare

        231 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 300                    
                Clayton, 63105        
                                                        Imagine working for a company that is driven by its Mission, Vision and Core Values; a company that asks "What is the right thing to do?”

Imagine that you have:

MORE AUTONOMY: ...        
        





OhSudz

        230 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 1107                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        All Natural Skincare and makeup, paraben and sulfate free.
Made in small batches for sensitive skintypes, Rosacea and
acne prone skin.                
        





Clayton Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery

        922 S Brentwood Blvd                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        Welcome to  Clayton Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery. We provide full scope Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery services to include: general anesthesia, wisdom teeth removal. biopsies, dental and facial implants, jaw surgery, and cosmetic facial  surgery.                
        





Triad Sports and Family Chiropractic

        225 S Meramec Ave Ste 920T                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        Triad Sports and Family Chiropractic was established in 2006 to provide health and wellness services.                
        





Cori Lee Hair Design

        104 Gay Ave.                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        Aveda trained stylist with expert experience in naturally radiant hair color and carefree texturized hairstyles.                
        





Emily Miller Makeup & Hair LLC

        710 N. Tucker Suite 310                    
                Clayton, 63101        
        Professional Makeup Artist for Bridal, Event and Commercial                
        





Clayton Wellness Center

        7751 Carondelet Ave, Ste 606                    
                Clayton, 63105        






20 Minutes to Fitness

        130 S Bemiston Ave, Ste 130                    
                Clayton, 63105        
        20 Minutes to Fitness is a doctor-recommended workout for people of all ages who want to build strength and get fit in just one 20-minute session a week.                
        




















About                                 
                Privacy                 
                                    Login 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Ziegler Closes $122.45 Million Aberdeen Heights Financing 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Ziegler Closes $122.45 Million Aberdeen Heights Financing



Share Article


















Ziegler, a specialty investment bank, is pleased to announce the successful closing of the $122,450,000 tax-exempt, fixed-rate&nbsp;Series 2017A&nbsp;financing for Ashfield Active Living and Wellness Communities, Inc. dba Aberdeen Heights, a Missouri nonprofit corporation (Ashfield). Aberdeen Heights is a life plan community (LPC) located on a 21-acre site in Kirkwood, Missouri.








With this financing, Aberdeen Heights generated over $18M in net present value savings or approximately 17% of par amount of bonds refunded. Investors responded favorably to the experienced management team, the community’s high occupancy levels...


Chicago, IL (PRWEB)
June 08, 2017
 Ziegler, a specialty investment bank, is pleased to announce the successful closing of the $122,450,000 tax-exempt, fixed-rate Series 2017A financing for Ashfield Active Living and Wellness Communities, Inc. dba Aberdeen Heights, a Missouri nonprofit corporation (Ashfield). Aberdeen Heights is a life plan community (LPC) located on a 21-acre site in Kirkwood, Missouri. 
Aberdeen Heights, which opened in September 2011, currently consists of 243 independent living apartments, 30 assisted living apartments, 15 memory support suites, and 30 skilled nursing beds. Ashfield is a controlled affiliate of Presbyterian Manors of Mid-America, Inc. (PMMA), a Kansas not for profit corporation. PMMA is also the sole member of Presbyterian Manors, Inc. (PMI), a Kansas not for profit corporation which owns 16 senior living communities and two hospices throughout Kansas and Missouri. Aberdeen Heights is co-managed by PMMA and Greystone.
 
Proceeds of the 2017A Bonds will be used to (i) advance refund the Series 2010A Bonds, (ii) fund a debt service reserve fund, and (iii) pay costs of issuance. The 2017A Bonds are rated “BB” with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings. The Bonds were structured to provide level net debt service, and consists of serial bonds from 2018 – 2032 and 2042, a 2037 term bond, 2042 term bond, and 2050 term bond. 
  
Ziegler originally provided seed capital for Aberdeen Heights’ development through its Ziegler Equity Funding private equity funds, and later financed the Series 2010 Bonds which funded the construction of Aberdeen Heights. PMMA is a long-time Ziegler client and the 2017A Bonds represent our 12th underwriting in support of PMMA.
Bruce H. Shogren, President and CEO, stated, “With the assistance of Ziegler and the rest of our financial team, PMMA was well-positioned to move quickly and capture a uniquely low interest rate environment that saved millions of dollars to Aberdeen Heights and our PMMA organization. This refinancing improves cash flow, strengthens our balance sheet and positions Aberdeen Heights for a sound financial future.”   
“With this financing, Aberdeen Heights generated over $18M in net present value savings or approximately 17% of par amount of bonds refunded. Investors responded favorably to the experienced management team, the community’s high occupancy levels, the solid operating performance, and the positive credit profile as evidenced by a stable ‘BB’ rating from Fitch Ratings,” commented Will Carney, Managing Director in Ziegler’s senior living practice.
Ziegler is one of the nation's leading underwriters of financing for not-for-profit senior living providers. Ziegler offers creative, tailored solutions to its senior living clientele, including investment banking, financial risk management, merger and acquisition services, investment management, seed capital, FHA/HUD, capital and strategic planning as well as senior living research, education, and communication.
For further information on the structure and use of this issue, please see the Official Statement located on the Electronic Municipal Market Access system's Document Archive.
For more information about Ziegler, please visit us at http://www.Ziegler.com.
About Ziegler:
Ziegler is a privately held investment bank, capital markets, wealth management and proprietary investments firm, celebrating its 115th anniversary this year. Ziegler is ranked No. 1 in the country in healthcare/senior living underwriters by issuance and No. 4 by par amount (Thomson Reuters, 2016), and is ranked in the top 20 municipal underwriters in the country by volume (Bloomberg, 2016). Specializing in the healthcare, senior living, education and religion sectors, as well as general municipal and structured finance enables Ziegler to generate a positive impact on the communities it serves. Headquartered in Chicago with regional and branch offices throughout the United States, Ziegler provides its clients with capital raising, strategic advisory services, equity and fixed income sales & trading, wealth management and research. To learn more, visit http://www.ziegler.com.
Certain comments in this news release represent forward-looking statements made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This client’s experience may not be representative of the experience of other clients, nor is it indicative of future performance or success. The forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, in particular, the overall financial health of the securities industry, the strength of the healthcare sector of the U.S. economy and the municipal securities marketplace, the ability of the Company to underwrite and distribute securities, the market value of mutual fund portfolios and separate account portfolios advised by the Company, the volume of sales by its retail brokers, the outcome of pending litigation, and the ability to attract and retain qualified employees.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Leslie Weir
Ziegler +1 (312) 596-1646
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center




Ziegler Capital Management, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Ziegler Capital Management, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Ziegler Capital Management, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (60)
CIK Number: 0001307617IRS Number: 272347077

Ziegler Capital Management, LLC address70 WEST MADISON STREETSUITE 2400CHICAGO 60602Former nameFormer name of this company was B.C. Ziegler & CO, date of change: 2004-11-02.
Earliest known filing
November 2004
Latest known filing
May 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Ziegler Capital Management, LLC has 60 filings. View Ziegler Capital Management, LLC filings.
Similar companiesZiegler David S, Ziegler Fund - LPC, LLC, ZIEGLER DAVID E., ZIEGLER LINK-AGE LONGEVITY FUND, L.P., Ziegler J J, Ziegler Lynda L., Ziegler John A., Ziegler Peter, Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC, ZIEGLER'S NYPD LLC, ZIEGLER HEALTHVEST PARTNERS (PARALLEL) LP, ZIEGLER HEALTHVEST PARTNERS LP, Ziegler Marie Z., Ziegler John K Jr, ZIEGLER HEALTHCARE REAL ESTATE FUND IV LP, ZIEGLER HEALTHCARE REAL ESTATE FUND III LLC, Ziegler Equity Funding V LLC, ZIEGLER HEALTHCARE MEZZANINE LOAN FUND LLC, Ziegler Lynda L, ZIEGLER EQUITY FUNDING IV LLC, Ziegler Healthcare Real Estate Fund II LLC, ZIEGLER MEDITECH EQUITY PARTNERS LP, Ziegler Investment Fund I LLC, Ziegler Francis G, Ziegler Healthcare Real Estate Fund I LLC, Ziegler Healthcare Fund III LLC, ZIEGLER EQUITY FUNDING III LLC, ZIEGLER HEALTHCARE FUND II LLC, ZIEGLER FLORENCE M, ZIEGLER SCOTT E, ZIEGLER MICHAEL A, ZIEGLER BERNARD C II, ZIEGLER JOHN B, ZIEGLER RICHARD F, ZIEGLER ANN ELIZABETH, ZIEGLER WILLIAM A, ZIEGLER ROY A, ZIEGLER EQUITY FUNDING II LLC, ZIEGLER DOUGLAS F, ZIEGLER PAUL A, ZIEGLER CARLENE M, ZIEGLER ANDREW A, ZIEGLER PETER D, ZIEGLER WILLIAM R, ZIEGLER LEASING CORP /WI, ZIEGLER COLLATERALIZED SECURITIES INC, ZIEGLER B C & CO /WI/                                   /TA, ZIEGLER MORTGAGE SECURITIES INC II, ZIEGLER COMPANIES INC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Ziegler Capital Management, LLC. 







Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC  Funding details


Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC Industry: InvestingCIK Number: 0001476280IRS Number: 271220259Address: 250 EAST WISCONSIN AVENUE SUITE 1900 MILWAUKEE 53202Phone number: 414-978-6400



Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2009-11-12New Form D$1,400,000Yet To Sell$1,400,000$0006 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC
Key People in Ziegler Equity Funding - GreenFields, LLC:

. The Ziegler Companies, Inc.
Similar companiesZIEGLER LINK-AGE LONGEVITY FUND, L.P., Ziegler Fund - LPC, LLC








Last visited companies: EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII, L.P., EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII-B, L.P., EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII-D, L.P., FLIXLAB INC, FRANKLIN MENA FUND (CAYMAN) LTD

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.









































LPC Announces its Investment in Artistic Holdings, Inc. | Long Point Capital










































 













LPC Announces its Investment in Artistic Holdings, Inc.02/10/06

Long Point Capital, Inc., in partnership with management and RockWood Capital, is pleased to announce the formation of Artistic Holdings, Inc., a company focused on consolidating the fragmented staircase and railing industry. Artistic Holdings, Inc., with offices in six key markets, was formed through the recapitalization and combination of Artistic Stairs of Calgary, and Staircase & Millwork Company of Atlanta. Artistic Holdings, Inc. is North America's largest provider of turnkey staircase and railing solutions to large and custom homebuilders, providing unmatched service quality, breadth of product and geographic coverage for its customers. 

Joseph "JW" Williams, President of Artistic Holdings, indicates, "Working with Long Point has been an absolute pleasure. In particular, I was impressed with their quick understanding of our investment thesis and our growth strategy. Long Point provides what every Private Equity firm says, but may not deliver -- value added resources above and beyond the capital deployed." 

Artistic represents Long Point Capital's second investment from LPC Fund II, L.P. 

Randy Fenton, Long Point Capital Senior Advisor and former CEO of Inrecon LLC, will act as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Artistic Holdings, Inc. 

Long Point Capital is a Michigan and New York based investment fund which partners with growth oriented companies to provide both equity capital and management support. Our principals have been involved in more than 50 transactions with an aggregate value exceeding $15 billion. Long Point Capital has approximately $315 million in invested and committed capital and focuses on investments in manufacturing, distribution, or industrial service companies, with revenues between $30 million to $200 million. 

Long Point's leading investor is Masco Corporation, a diversified Fortune 500 Company. Where appropriate, Masco provides Long Point Capital and its portfolio companies with access to certain of Masco's corporate services, allowing Long Point to combine the flexibility of a financial investor with the strength of a major industrial company. 



« Back to News

Recent Articles

07/14/17
Long Point Announces Its Newest Team Members
04/05/17
Long Point Capital Announces New CEO at HCMC Legal, Inc.
01/18/17
Another Professional Services Transaction and Seeking Candidates for Associate Position
11/14/16
Long Point Capital Announces Sale of Investment in Cumming Group, Inc.
07/22/16
Long Point Capital Announces the Successful Sale of St. George Logistics



Public Relations



New York
										747 Third Ave 22nd FL.
										New York, NY 10017
Tel: 212-593-1800
Fax: 212-593-1888




Michigan
										26700 Woodward Ave
										Royal Oak, MI 48067
Tel: 248-591-6000
Fax: 248-591-6001


















Specialty Investment Bank | Ziegler





















 800 366 8899










        Established in 1902...
    


                CELEBRATING 115 YEARS OF SERVICE
            




Learn more






        A Specialty Investment Bank
    


                RANKED #3 IN HEALTHCARE M&A
            




Learn More






        Healthcare Advisory Specialists
    


                HOLISTIC HEALTHCARE APPROACH
            




Learn More






        A Specialty Investment Bank
    


                #1 IN SENIOR LIVING FINANCING
            




Learn More






        A Specialty Investment Bank
    


                RANKED #4 IN HEALTHCARE FINANCING
            




Learn More






        Healthcare/Senior Living
    


                TOP 20 MUNICIPAL UNDERWRITERS
            




Learn More






        Ziegler Financing Corporation
    


                FHA/HUD EXPERTISE
            




Learn More






        Invested In You
    


                WEALTH MANAGEMENT
            




Learn More






        Bringing Two Worlds Together
    


                CAPITAL MARKETS
            




Learn More



 











WHO WE ARE
Ziegler is a privately held investment bank, capital markets, wealth management and proprietary investments firm. Specializing in the healthcare, senior living, education and religion sectors, as well as general municipal and structured finance, enables us to generate a positive impact on the communities we serve. Headquartered in Chicago with regional and branch offices throughout the U.S., Ziegler provides its clients with capital raising, strategic advisory services, equity and fixed income sales & trading, wealth management and research.

 







CLIENTS WE SERVE THROUGH
INVESTMENT BANKING, CORPORATE FINANCE & FHA/HUD MORTGAGE LENDING

 





                HOSPITALS & HEALTH SYSTEMS
            











                MULTI-SITE SENIOR LIVING
            











                EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS
            








 





                HEALTHCARE SERVICES & OUTSOURCING  
            











                SINGLE-SITE SENIOR LIVING
            











                RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS
            








 





                HEALTHCARE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (HIT)
            











                POST-ACUTE CARE
            











                GENERAL MUNICIPAL & STRUCTURED FINANCE
            








 


 







INVESTORS WE SERVE THROUGH
CAPITAL MARKETS, ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS & WEALTH MANAGEMENT

 





                INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS
            

Market leaders in fixed income for over 100 years offering innovative and tailored financial solutions to address complex and dynamic challenges.






 





                ALTERNATIVE INVESTORS
            

Building upon its expertise in healthcare, Ziegler manages a variety of private equity offerings led by experienced management teams.






 





                INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS
            

Through our responsive and personal approach to wealth management, we are dedicated to helping our clients grow, manage and protect their financial resources.






 


 







WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY

 







Ziegler was instrumental not only in finding a qualified successor for Harmony, but introduced the Wisconsin assisted living community to a rapidly growing and well-regarded public company like Ensign.*
Mike Smith - General Counsel, Harmony Living 






With deep domain expertise and a fundamental understanding of PhySynergy's value proposition, the Ziegler team provided the key strategic advice and execution- focus that allowed us to efficiently and optimally achieve our desired objective.*
Dr. Tim Adams  - Founder of PhySynergy 






I do not know how we could have done this without Ziegler. They were with us every step of the way. I’ve never heard of an investment bank going so far to support a charter school.*
Matt Shaw - CFO, Intrinsic Schools






Ziegler did a fine job of underwriting, coordination, and negotiation and was able to leverage our strong credit profile to meet our financing needs.*
Jack Wagner - CFO, Adventist Health






The Ziegler team was able to deliver flexible and tailored financial services to Pledgerville. Their passion and commitment to our interests, objectives and principles of integrity truly surpassed our expectations.*
 Leroy Geter - CEO, Pledgerville




        *This client’s experience may not be representative of the experience of other clients, nor is it indicative of future performance or success.
    


 







NEWS ROOM

 






            July 21, 2017
        

Ziegler is mentioned in the McKnight's article "Large nonprofits outperforming smaller organizations on EHR adoption."








            July 20, 2017
        

Ziegler Closes $3.175 Million Financing for Mercy Hill Church








            July 10, 2017
        

Z-News | Senior Living Finance: Project Financings Drive Senior Living Debt Issuance in First Half of 2017








            May 1, 2017
        

Calvary Evangelical Lutheran Church








            March 22, 2017
        

2017 National CFO Workshop







View More News



 











                    Experience the Ziegler difference and get started today.
                

CONTACT US




 








 











Our Funds | Ziegler





















 800 366 8899








        PROPRIETARY INVESTMENTS
    


                OUR FUNDS
            



 
















                    Ziegler Link-Age Longevity Fund
                






                    Ziegler Meditech Equity Partners
                






                    Closed End Funds
                








            Ziegler Link-Age Longevity Fund
        




A joint venture between Ziegler and Link-Age 
Fund description/investment policy
The increasing aging population of the United States presents an attractive investment opportunity, given the size, growth and complexity of needs of this population within a continually evolving healthcare system. While the current venture capital and start-up market generally has a broad focus across the landscape of acute healthcare providers, this fund takes a concentrated approach by investing in companies that serve the Longevity Economy. The fund sponsors, Ziegler and Link-Age, leverage their domain knowledge and relationships to find attractive investment opportunities through an investment management team with relevant experience in the space.
 
The objective of the Fund is to achieve long-term capital appreciation by making equity and equity-like (including convertible debt) investments in early to mid-stage, emerging-growth companies that operate in or develop businesses focused on the Longevity Economy.
 
Key investment themes will include, but are not limited to, the following:

Aging in place;
Coordination of care;
Chronic disease management;
Reduction of hospitalizations and readmissions;
Disease prevention and wellness strategies; and
Government funded programs / public health related matters.

 
Investor Access                    Investor Statements Portal 
 
The fund also provides a unique platform for collaboration and innovation among the limited partners, who are primarily comprised of approximately 70 not-for-profit senior living providers from across the nation and select other healthcare focused organizations, and thus have a direct interest in the companies in which the fund will invest. Not only can the investor base act as a source of information on market needs and operator preferences to the fund managers, but it also represents a potential group of customers for some portfolio companies. The vintage year of the Ziegler Link-Age Longevity Fund is 2014. 
 
Portfolio Companies


  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  

Investment Managers
John Hopper, Chief Investment OfficerJohn Hopper currently serves as the Managing Director of Link•Age Ventures, a wholly owned subsidiary of Link•Age focused on making investments in companies providing products, services and technology to the aging marketplace. John was also the Founder and Partner of Silverstone Advisors – Blackbird Capital Group, LLC (“Silverstone”). Silverstone is a boutique investment banking firm providing merger and acquisition services, including valuation, due diligence, capital raising, buy side engagements and sell side engagements. Prior to the founding of Silverstone, he was the Chief Executive Officer of a regional network servicing company, and held numerous executive positions in the financial services industry with Fifth Third Bank, AmSouth Bank and Mellon Bank. John holds a J.D. degree from The Ohio State University College of Law and an M.B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh. Hopper received his B.A. from Mount Union College.
Neil Borg, Chief Strategic OfficerNeil Borg currently serves as the managing director and head of Ziegler’s Corporate Finance Healthcare efforts and is an advisor to the firm’s principal investing initiatives. Prior to joining Ziegler, Neil was in the Healthcare Services Investment Banking divisions of J.P. Morgan (previously Chase H&Q and Hambrecht & Quist) and Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. While at Hambrecht & Quist, he was associated with an affiliated venture capital fund, H&Q Serv*s Ventures, focused on early stage healthcare investments on behalf of Hambrecht & Quist and Johnson & Johnson. Over his career, Neil has advised on over 65 transactions, including strategic advisory assignments, public and private equity financings and equity investments principally for emerging growth companies in the healthcare services and healthcare information technology sectors. In addition, Neil currently sits on the Board of Directors of Auditz, and was most recently on the Board of Directors of Certify Data Systems prior to its sale to Humana in 2012.
Charles O’Meara, Chief Administrative OfficerCharles O’Meara became senior managing director - Private Equity for Ziegler in 2006. In this capacity, he is responsible for the oversight and development of the firm’s venture capital strategy, which focuses on the healthcare industry. Charles was instrumental in Ziegler’s launch of its venture capital initiative, with approximately $100 million of capital commitments in three venture funds. He serves on the boards of Ridgestone Financial Services, Masterpiece Living, and Orthosensor, Inc., a medical device company. From 1993 until 2006, Charles served as General Counsel of Ziegler.
Scott Collins, Managing DirectorScott Collins is the CEO of Link•Age and is responsible for its strategic direction and growth. Link•Age is comprised of three integrated entities: Link•Age Solutions – providing cost containment services to more than 600 senior living providers, Link•Age Ventures – investing in companies with products, services and technologies for the aging population and Link•Age Connect – delivering market research and insight for organizations seeking to better understand the older adult demographic. Prior to joining Link•Age, Scott was a vice president and senior account executive with GE Capital Commercial Asset Funding and held senior management positions in the commercial real estate as well as textile industries.





            Ziegler Meditech Equity Partners
        




A joint venture between Ziegler and MediTech Advisors  
 
The medical device industry continues to experience growth and provides the basis for improved clinical outcomes for patients world-wide. The approaching wave of over-65 Baby Boomers, combined with developments in fields such as wireless communications, medical imaging, sensor technology, and molecular research are expected to drive continued market expansion. Ziegler Meditech Equity Partners, LP (ZMEP) is invested in the potential of this dynamic through equity investments in emerging medical device technologies. ZMEP invested globally, drawing on the years of investing experience of its management team, and is currently harvesting its outstanding investments. With more than 50 years of experience in medical device development and commercialization, the ZMEP management team worked with leading entrepreneurs in the medical device field in both the United States and Israel. The general partner of Ziegler Meditech Equity Partners is a joint venture between Ziegler and Meditech Advisors, an Israel based healthcare consultancy. The vintage year of the Ziegler Meditech Equity Partners is 2006. 
 
Portfolio Companies
        
  
   
  
   
 

        
      
   
      
   
     

Investment Managers 
Charles O’Meara, Chief Administrative OfficerCharles O’Meara became senior managing director - Private Equity for Ziegler in 2006. In this capacity, he is responsible for the oversight and development of the firm’s venture capital strategy, which focuses on the healthcare industry. Charles was instrumental in Ziegler’s launch of its venture capital initiative, with approximately $100 million of capital commitments in three venture funds. He serves on the boards of Ridgestone Financial Services, Masterpiece Living, and Orthosensor, Inc., a medical device company. From 1993 until 2006, he served as General Counsel of Ziegler.Dr. S. Morry Blumenfeld, Chief Investment OfficerDr. Blumenfeld retired from GE Healthcare in 2002, having been with GE for over 34 years, and finished his career as a Managing Director of GE Medical Systems in Israel. Dr. Blumenfeld has considerable experience in developing and commercializing large scale diagnostic imaging systems, as well as new image guided equipment designed to provide non-invasive and minimally invasive procedures. Among other accomplishments, Dr. Blumenfeld was one of the managers responsible for developing GE’s computed tomography (“CT”) and magnetic resonance imaging (“MRI”) product lines, each of which now have annual sales over $1 billion. Dr. Blumenfeld serves on a number of academic boards as well as the board of some medical device companies.Samual CubacSamual Cubac most recently worked as a vice president of GE Equity, where he managed the Tel Aviv, Israel office of GE Equity and assisted in managing GE’s limited partnership investment in ABS Giza GE Capital Fund II as well as Giza GE Venture Fund III. Both of these funds were global venture capital funds that invested in technology companies. Prior to GE, Samual was the senior vice president of AIG’s leasing & Equipment Financing Group, and prior to that was the CFO of AI Credit Corporation, AIG’s Finance subsidiary. In these positions, he managed over 100 professionals and a portfolio of $700 million of assets.Eitan MachoverEitan Machover was most recently a consultant with GE and has held various positions with GE, including sven years with GE healthcare as general manager of Integration and Business Development as well as a number of positions within the GE Commercial Services Division. He also served as the national executive for General Electric in Israel, where he was generally responsible for GE’s overall operations and growth in Israel. Eithan has held a number of international business development positions with a focus on third party service and technology driven acquisitions.Donald Grande, Chief Administrative OfficerDonald Grande retired from Ziegler in 2014. Donald has over 50 years of experience advising clients in investment banking, corporate finance, tax matters and investments. He co-founded Grande, Schnoll & Associates in 1991, a consulting firm in which he focused on problem solving related to debt and equity transactions, and bank relations, which became GS2 and was ultimate merged into a subsidiary of Ziegler. Prior to founding Grande, Schnoll & Associates, he was a vice president involved in transactions and management of portfolio companies at Zilber, Ltd., a company with diversified real estate and equity interests, and was President of Sampson Investments, Inc., which had diversified interests in real estate, telecommunications and a variety of other industries. Donald is a CPA and has a JD in Law, and spent 15 years with Arthur Young and Company (now Ernst and Young), where he was a partner and director of the Tax Department.





            Closed End Funds
        




Closed Funds

Ziegler Equity Funding Funds I-V: Seed capital funds for senior living developments
Ziegler Healthcare Real Estate Funds I-IV: Funds focused on investing in healthcare real estate, typically leased to physicians, hospitals, dialysis and imaging centers, healthcare delivery systems, and other healthcare providers.
Ziegler Healthcare Fund I: Small Business Investment Company licensed under the SBA, focused on providing financing to small to mid-size privately owned companies that provide long-term care services to seniors in the form of mezzanine debt and preferred equity.
Ziegler Healthcare Fund II: Leveraged senior mortgage fund focused on small to mid-size privately owned companies that provide long-term care services to seniors.
Ziegler Healthcare Fund III: Mezzanine debt and equity fund focused on small to mid-size privately owned companies that provide long-term care services to seniors.
Ziegler Healthvest Partners: Venture capital fund focused on investing in companies that provide services or information technology to healthcare providers, with an emphasis on acute care providers.











KonaRed Enters Into $12 Million Purchase Agreement With Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLCHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballKonaRed Enters Into $12 Million Purchase Agreement With Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLCMarketwiredFebruary 6, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareKALAHEO, HI--(Marketwired - Feb 6, 2014) - KonaRed Corporation (  OTCBB :  KRED ) ("KonaRed" or the "Company"), developers of the powerful coffee fruit wellness beverage which is sold in select Whole Foods, Safeway, Sprouts, 7-Eleven, and many other retail outlets throughout the U.S. and Canada, announced today that it has entered into a purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ("LPC"), a Chicago-based institutional investor, whereby LPC committed to invest, at the Company's sole option, up to $12 million of equity capital over the term of the Purchase Agreement."This access to capital from LPC increases our flexibility to increase product awareness with consumers via marketing and retail expansion, build inventory, pursue additional product development and formula creation, and continue to build the KonaRed brand," stated Shaun Roberts, President and CEO of KonaRed.During the 30-month term of the Purchase Agreement the Company, at its sole discretion, has the right to sell to LPC up to $12 million of its common stock, in amounts as described in the Purchase Agreement and subject to certain conditions, which include the effectiveness of a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") registering the sale of the shares that may be issued to LPC. The Company controls the timing and amount of any future investment and LPC is obligated to make purchases, if and when the Company elects in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.There are no upper limits to the price LPC may pay to purchase KonaRed common stock and the purchase price of the shares related to any future investments will be based on the prevailing market prices of the Company's shares immediately preceding the notice of sale to LPC. LPC has agreed not to cause or engage in any manner whatsoever, any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of the Company's shares of common stock. In consideration for entering into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has issued shares of common stock to LPC as a commitment fee. From the commencement date as set out in the Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time, at its sole discretion, without any monetary cost. It is the Company's intention that the proceeds from this investment will be used to increase brand awareness among consumers and retailers via a variety of marketing and sales strategies and for working capital requirements.A more detailed description of the Purchase Agreement will be set forth in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC which the Company encourages be reviewed carefully.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities in this offering, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer solicitation or sale are unlawful prior to registration or qualification under securities laws of any such jurisdiction.None of the securities issued in connection with the proposed investment have been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), or under the securities laws of any state in the United States, and were issued in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Act. None of the securities may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Act or pursuant to an available exemption from such registration requirements.About KonaRed Corporation KonaRed is in the business of bringing the health and wellness attributes of the coffee fruit to the masses. KonaRed has developed an innovative, state of the art, proprietary process that produces antioxidant-packed extracts and powders from the coffee fruit which are used in its antioxidant juices, organic green teas, and on-the-go packs, as well as ingredients which can be added to food, beverages, and nutritional products. The company is headquartered in Kalaheo, Hawaii, and its products are sold in select Whole Foods, Albertsons, Safeway, Sprouts, Walmart, 7-Eleven, and many other retail outlets throughout the US and Canada. For Investor Relations information about the company, contact IR@KonaRed.com. For Media Inquiries, contact PR@KonaRed.com.Read MoreAbout Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLCLPC is an institutional investor headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. LPC's experienced professionals manage a portfolio of investments in public and private entities. These investments are in a wide range of companies and industries emphasizing life sciences, specialty financing, energy and technology. LPC's investments range from multiyear financial commitments to fund growth to special situation financings to long-term strategic capital offering companies certainty, flexibility and consistency. For more information, visit www.lpcfunds.com.Forward Looking Statements: Statements in this document contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. In particular, this release contains forward-looking statements relating to the registration of the shares that may be issued to LPC, KonaRed's ability to sell any common stock to LPC and the intended use of proceeds from an investment from LPC, if any. These statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of KonaRed to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other factors, the market price of KonaRed and SEC review of the proposed registration statement. KonaRed assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation those set forth as "Risk Factors" in our filings with the SEC. There may be other factors not mentioned above or included in the Company's SEC filings that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by securities laws. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date of this press release and, except as required by applicable laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should also refer to the risk disclosures outlined in the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, annual reports on Form 10-K and the Company's other disclosure documents filed from time-to-time with the SEC at www.sec.gov and the Company's interim and annual filings and other disclosure documents filed from time-to-time on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSnapdeal’s board approves Flipkart offerBusiness Insider UKThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHow Casino Mogul Steve Wynn Lost $10 Million on BaccaratBloombergChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderChrissy Teigen Is ‘So Happy’ Donald Trump Blocked Her on TwitterFortuneCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsored7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)MarketWatchMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoMcCain Is Too Unwell to Take Big Decisions, Like VotingKits: His speech was the sanest thing I have heard come from the Capital in a very very long time.  I am an Independent that was raised Democrat.  I often disagree with his stance on issues, but I have deep respect for the man. To come out of 7 years as a POW, survive torture, and go on to serve his state and country with a backbone (a lot of the time at least).Join the Conversation1 / 5265








