










 


    Dawn Zier | Nutri System Inc | ZoomInfo.com
          Nutrisystem® Senior Management and Directors
                nutrisystem | mindset makeover
                      ALL-NEW!     REFER A FRIEND & SAVE      Learn More  >
                Call Now:1-800-435-4074  Shop Plans  How It Works View Menu Our Food
                   Success Stories  Tools Order NowUniquely Yours PlanCore PlanBasic PlanVegetarian PlanDiabetes Uniquely Yours Plan Diabetes Core PlanDiabetes Basic Plan
              Auto-Delivery Saves You Time & Money!
              *Offer good on 28-Day Auto delivery programs only. With Auto-Delivery you receive an additional 10% discount off our regular 28-Day Program price and free shipping to Continental U.S. only. Shipping charges apply to Select program. With Auto-Delivery, you are automatically charged and shipped your 28-Day program once every 4 weeks unless you cancel. You can cancel Auto-Delivery at any time by calling 1-877-338-8446. However for this offer you must stay on Auto-Delivery for at least two consecutive 28-Day program deliveries to receive the discounted Auto-Delivery price and free shipping within the Continental US. If you delay the second shipment for more than 30 days or if you cancel prior to paying for your second consecutive 28-Day program delivery, your payment method will be charged for Continental U.S. shipping (if applicable) and the amount of any auto-delivery discount received on your first 28-Day program delivery. Other restrictions apply. Call or see website for details. Cannot be combined with any prior or current discount or offer. Limit one offer per customer.
            My Account   |  FAQInvestor RelationsCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileSenior Management and DirectorsGovernance DocumentsCommittee ChartingStock InformationStock QuoteHistoric PricesDividendsSEC FilingsDocumentsAnnual ReportsQuarterly ResultsInsider FilingsInsider OwnershipNews & Market DataPress ReleasesAnalyst CoverageOnline Investor KitPresentationsCompany TearsheetOther InformationInformation RequestEmail NotificationFAQsRSS FeedsContact InformationIR Site MapInvestor Search
              Entire IR Site
              Press Releases Only 
              Filings Only
            Senior Management and Directors Click on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.Senior ManagementDawn M. ZierPresident and Chief Executive OfficerDawn Zier is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nutrisystem, Inc. Ms. Zier joined Nutrisystem in November 2012 and oversees all aspects of Nutrisystem operations, including strategic partnerships, new product development, marketing and retail expansion. Since taking the helm, Dawn has led the turnaround of Nutrisystem by successfully changing the trajectory of the business and delivering customer and shareholder value with nine consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. An engineer by education, Ms. Zier has spent most of her career in marketing, keeping her finger on the pulse of global consumers.

Ms. Zier came to Nutrisystem from Reader’s Digest Association (RDA), a leading global, multi-brand and multi-platform media and direct marketing company. A 20-year veteran of that organization, Ms. Zier served in a range of leadership positions, most recently as president of the company’s international business, with responsibility for $750 million of revenue and a team of 1,000 employees across Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America.

Ms. Zier has over 20 years of senior-level accomplishments across both US and international operations accompanied by a strong and consistent track record of delivering results and driving efficiencies. She has significant expertise leading domestic and international marketing-driven organizations and in turning around and restructuring businesses. Ms. Zier has managed all parts of an integrated marketing organization, including direct-to-consumer, digital, database/analytics, retail, and brand positioning, and has product-based experience across both the food and health affinities.

In addition to being a member of Nutrisystem’s Board of Directors, Ms. Zier currently serves on the boards of Spirit Airlines and Velo Holdings, and was most recently elected as a member of C200, an invitation-only organization of the world’s most successful women corporate innovators and entrepreneurs. She previously served on the board of the Direct Marketing Association (DMA), the leading industry trade association, where she was a voting director from 2008 to 2015 and served as an Officer. She was a Board Trustee for the Direct Marketing Educational Foundation from 2010 to 2012. From 2005 to 2009, Ms. Zier chaired the Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC) Magazine Directors’ Advisory Committee and was an active member of the Association of Magazine Media’s (MPA) Marketing Committee. Before joining RDA, Ms. Zier held positions at AT&T, Chase Manhattan Bank, and Prodigy Services Corporation. She has an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management as well as a Master’s of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. She received her Bachelor’s of Engineering degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the State University of New York at Stony Brook.Ralph J. MauroSenior Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryRalph Mauro is Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary of Nutrisystem, joining the company in June 2010.  From 1997 to June 2010, Mr. Mauro was a Partner with Kleinbard Bell & Brecker LLP, a Philadelphia corporate boutique law firm, where he represented many businesses in a variety of matters, including private equity and senior debt financing, joint ventures and strategic alliances, contract negotiation and documentation, and mergers and acquisitions. From September 1990 to December 1996, Mr. Mauro was an associate in the Business Departments of Kleinbard Bell & Brecker, Dechert LLP and Montgomery McCracken Walker & Rhoads LLP. 

Mr. Mauro received his law degree magna cum laude in 1990 from Villanova University School of Law, where he served as Editor-in-Chief of the Villanova Law Review. Prior to attending law school, Mr. Mauro practiced as a CPA at Arthur Andersen LLP. He received his undergraduate degree maxima cum laude from La Salle University in 1984. Mr. Mauro is admitted to the Bars of Pennsylvania and New Jersey.  Mr. Mauro also serves on the Boards of La Salle University, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (Eastern PA/DE Chapter), and Huntingdon Valley Country Club.Keira KrauszChief Marketing OfficerKeira Krausz is Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer.  Ms. Krausz joined Nutrisystem in February 2013 and leads Nutrisystem’s marketing and communications functions. 
 
A 25-year marketing veteran with extensive experience across a variety of direct marketing channels, Ms. Krausz is a proven marketing leader with a track record of building profitable businesses, executing effective turnaround strategies, and identifying and monetizing new revenue streams in the direct consumer response sector.  From 2005 to 2012, Ms. Krausz served as Vice President of Marketing for QSP, Inc., a subsidiary of Time Inc. and the largest youth fundraising company in America.  During her tenure at QSP, she led the growth in e-commerce from nothing to over 25% of revenues, revamped the catalog and direct mail channels, developed social media strategies to drive customer engagement and sales, and ultimately worked with senior leadership to execute on the sale of the company in 2012.  Following the sale, she became head of new business development for Animated Storyboards, the largest global independent provider of television test spots to the advertising industry.

Prior to her tenure at Time Inc., Ms. Krausz was at Reader’s Digest Association (RDA) where she held a number of progressively-responsible positions in product management, marketing and business management, ultimately ascending to Vice President, General Manager of RDA’s Books & Music Business.  As the General Manager and Vice President of Marketing for Reader’s Digest’s Books & Music Direct Marketing, Ms. Krausz took the business from losing money to profitability by quickly assembling top talent, revitalizing product, developing new channels, and building a new book business in the health affinity that leveraged the company’s database.  

Ms. Krausz has an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, and did her undergraduate work at the College of Arts and Sciences at Cornell University.Michael P. MonahanChief Financial OfficerMichael Monahan is Executive Vice President Administration and Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Monahan joined Nutrisystem in May 2013.
  
Prior to his current role, Mr. Monahan served as Chief Financial Officer of PetroChoice Holdings, Inc., a privately-held distributor of industrial, commercial, and automotive lubricants. During his tenure, he was a member of the management team that grew the company organically and completed nine acquisitions that increased value for the shareholders. His appointment as Nutrisystem’s CFO represents a return to the company for Mr. Monahan, who served as Vice President of Finance from 2006 to 2009. Prior to this he served in financial roles at Exelon Corporation, Accenture and Arthur Andersen LLP.
 
Mr. Monahan earned an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business and a B.A. from Villanova University.Board of DirectorsMichael J. HaganChairman of the BoardMr. Hagan has served as non-executive Chairman of the Board since April 2012.  He recently served as Lead Director of the Board of Directors from February 2012 until his appointment as Chairman.  Mr. Hagan is co-founder and Managing Partner of Hawk Capital Partners. Hawk Capital Partners, founded in December 2014, is a private equity firm focused on lower middle market businesses.  Prior to that, Mr. Hagan served as President and CEO of Lifeshield, Inc. from December 2009 until May 2014.  Lifeshield was acquired by DirecTV in June 2013. Prior to joining LifeShield, Mr. Hagan served as Chairman of the Board of Nutrisystem, Inc. from December 2002 to November 2008 and as CEO from December 2002 to May 2008.
 
Previously, Mr. Hagan co-founded Verticalnet, Inc. in 1995, a technology firm that provides supply management software and also created and managed industry specific “vertical” marketplaces. He served in a wide variety of roles at Verticalnet, including COO, CEO, and Chairman of the Board.
 
Prior to founding Verticalnet, Mr. Hagan served as a Vice President and Senior Manager at Merrill Lynch Asset Management from 1990 to 1995. He currently serves as a Director at Internet Capital Group, Inc.; Franklin Square Investment Corp. (FSIC); and Greater Philadelphia YMCA. 
 
Mr. Hagan has served as a member of the board of trustees of Saint Joseph’s University and various other private and public companies. He received a BS from St. Joseph’s University and was formerly a Certified Public Accountant.Robert F. BernstockMr. Bernstock has served as a Director since December 2005. He is currently self-employed as an independent consultant. 
 
Mr. Bernstock was named president of the Mailing and Shipping Services division of the United States Postal Service in June 2008 and served until June 2010. The division that he led produced more than $70 billion in annual revenue.  
Mr. Bernstock served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SecureSheet Technologies, LLC from October 2006 through May 2008. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro Company from October 2005 through September 2006. Mr. Bernstock was President of North America for The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company from May 2003 to September 2005. From October 2002 to April 2003, Mr. Bernstock was Senior Vice President and General Manager of The Dial Corporation. Earlier in his career, he was the President of the North American and International Divisions of Campbell Soup Company and was President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of both Vlasic Foods International and Atlas Commerce Inc. Mr. Bernstock is also a director of The Pantry, Inc. and a number of other private companies.Paul GuyardoMr. Guyardo has served as a Director since June 2012. Currently, Mr. Guyardo is the Chief Commercial Officer for Discovery Communications, the world’s #1 pay-TV programmer reaching nearly 3 billion cumulative subscribers in more than 220 countries and territories. In this role, he oversees U.S. ad sales, digital media, licensing and consumer products, consumer insights and data analytics.

Prior to Discovery Communications, Mr. Guyardo served most recently as Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue and Marketing Officer for DIRECTV, holding various positions from 2005 to 2015. In this role, he was responsible for all functions that drove the company’s $22 billion in U.S. Revenue including sales and distribution, marketing, product management, advertising, public relations, customer retention, the sports & entertainment businesses, pricing & packaging, consumer research, business analytics and ad sales. Under his leadership, DIRECTV’s subscriber base grew from 15.1 million in 2005 to nearly 20 million and revenue increased from $12 billion to $22 billion. Initiatives that he launched include reducing churn to the lowest level in the industry, rebranding DIRECTV as a premium brand in the pay-television category, growing direct sales from 25 percent to 50 percent of total enterprise sales, transforming directv.com into a major sales channel of highly profitable customers and a destination for more than 50 million self-care and entertainment transactions each year, rebuilding a network of more than 2,000 authorized dealers, substantially growing the Commercial business and brokering a national, multi-year agreement that enabled AT&T to sell DIRECTV to its customers as part of a bundle of telecommunication services. 

Prior to joining DIRECTV, Mr. Guyardo was Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Kmart Corporation. He joined Kmart following the retail giant’s emergence from bankruptcy and was part of the senior management team that quickly returned the mass retailer to sales growth and profitability within 12 months. 

Before Kmart, Mr. Guyardo was Executive Vice President of Television and Marketing for HSN (formerly Home Shopping Network), an operating business unit of Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp. During his tenure, HSN experienced eight consecutive years of sales and profit growth. 

He began his career in advertising and brand management, holding positions at AT&T, Johnson & Johnson, Saatchi & Saatchi and Tracy Locke/BBDO. 

Mr. Guyardo is the recipient of the 2010 Brand Builders Award (awarded by Broadcasting & Cable, Multichannel News and Promax/BDA), sits on the Board of Directors for Living Social, serves on the National Advisory Council for Northwestern University and is an executive mentor for the New York and New Jersey All-Stars Project. 

Mr. Guyardo holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Northwestern University.Jay HerrattiMr. Herratti has served as a Director since April 2013.  He currently serves as the Executive Director of TEDx, a global event and digital media platform formed to discover 'ideas worth spreading” and supported by the private non-profit Sapling Foundation. He also serves on the Board of Directors at Constant Contact, which helps more than half a million small organizations connect with their customers through a suite of online engagement marketing tools. Mr. Herratti is also the Principal of Jay Herratti Ventures where he is an investor and advisor to early-stage ventures.   
Mr. Herratti is an experienced strategic leader and digital expert with extensive experience in managing consumer, b2b, and nonprofit businesses.  Prior to his current position he was the CEO of CityGrid Media, an online media company that connects web and mobile publishers with local advertisers. CityGrid Media owns and operates CityGrid, a local content and advertising network, as well as leading local consumer brands such as Urbanspoon, Citysearch and InsiderPages.
 
Prior to that he served as SVP Strategic Planning at IAC as well as CEO of Evite and Interim CEO of IAC Advertising Solutions. Before joining IAC, Mr. Herratti held the position of Senior Vice President of e-Business Strategy and Development for Federated Department Stores and prior to that he held senior positions with The Boston Consulting Group and GE Capital.
  
Mr. Herratti has a B.S. in Business & Management from the University of Maryland at College Park, and an MBA from INSEAD in Fontainbleu, France.Michael D. ManganMr. Mangan has served as a Director since July 2015.

Mr. Mangan currently serves as the lead director at McCormick & Co. A veteran of a number of high profile consumer facing companies, Mr. Mangan has held various leadership roles during his tenure at Black & Decker Corp. from 2000 to 2010, including President of Worldwide Power Tools & Accessories, Chief Financial Officer and head of Investor Relations. Prior to joining Black & Decker, Mr. Mangan served as an Executive Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of Ryland Group, Inc. Earlier in his career, he worked at General Motors and its GMAC subsidiary in various positions involving strategic and business planning, corporate finance and investments and new business activities.

Mr. Mangan has an MBA from Dartmouth College Amos Tuck School of Business and holds a Bachelor of Mechanical engineering degree from General Motors Institute.Brian P. TierneyMr. Tierney has served as a Director since February 2003. He is a nationally recognized expert in marketing and communications, an accomplished entrepreneur, and a veteran of several publicly traded corporations where he served as a senior officer. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Realtime Media LLC, a digital marketing services firm. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Brian Communications, a strategic communications firm. Prior to this, Mr. Tierney was Publisher of the Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News and Chief Executive Officer of its parent company, Philadelphia Media Holdings LLC from June 2006 and August 2006, respectively, until October 2010. He previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tierney Holdings LLC, a private investment firm.  
From June 2004 to March 2005, he was Vice Chairman of Advanta Corp (NASDAQ: ADVNB). Prior to joining Advanta, he launched several successful advertising and public relations companies, including T2 Group and Tierney Communications, which he grew to $275 million in billings and sold to the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG). The firm remains one of the largest advertising agencies in the mid-Atlantic region. Mr. Tierney serves on a variety of civic, educational and charitable boards of directors.Andrea WeissAndrea M. Weiss has been a director since March 2013. Ms. Weiss has extensive specialty retail experience having served in several senior executive positions with dELiA*s Inc., The Limited, Inc., Intimate Brands, Inc., Guess, Inc., and Ann Taylor Stores, Inc. She is the founder and current President and Chief Executive Officer of Retail Consulting, Inc., a boutique consulting practice focused on product and brand development, consumer contact strategies, operational improvements, and turnarounds, and has served as its President and Chief Executive Officer since its formation in October 2002. Ms. Weiss is also the co-founder and current Managing Member of The O Alliance LLC, a new branch of Retail Consulting, Inc., which provides consulting serves with respect to omni-channel retailing.

Ms. Weiss currently also serves on several private boards as well as the boards of directors of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc., Chico’s FAS, Inc. and Pep Boys. Previously, Ms. Weiss served on the boards of directors GSI Commerce, Inc. from 2006 to 2011, Ediets.com, Inc. from 2004 to 2009 and Brookstone, Inc. from 2002 to 2005.Dawn M. ZierDawn Zier is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nutrisystem, Inc. Ms. Zier joined Nutrisystem in November 2012 and oversees all aspects of Nutrisystem operations, including strategic partnerships, new product development, marketing and retail expansion. Since taking the helm, Dawn has led the turnaround of Nutrisystem by successfully changing the trajectory of the business and delivering customer and shareholder value with nine consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. An engineer by education, Ms. Zier has spent most of her career in marketing, keeping her finger on the pulse of global consumers.

Ms. Zier came to Nutrisystem from Reader’s Digest Association (RDA), a leading global, multi-brand and multi-platform media and direct marketing company. A 20-year veteran of that organization, Ms. Zier served in a range of leadership positions, most recently as president of the company’s international business, with responsibility for $750 million of revenue and a team of 1,000 employees across Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America.

Ms. Zier has over 20 years of senior-level accomplishments across both US and international operations accompanied by a strong and consistent track record of delivering results and driving efficiencies. She has significant expertise leading domestic and international marketing-driven organizations and in turning around and restructuring businesses. Ms. Zier has managed all parts of an integrated marketing organization, including direct-to-consumer, digital, database/analytics, retail, and brand positioning, and has product-based experience across both the food and health affinities.

In addition to being a member of Nutrisystem’s Board of Directors, Ms. Zier currently serves on the boards of Spirit Airlines and Velo Holdings, and was most recently elected as a member of C200, an invitation-only organization of the world’s most successful women corporate innovators and entrepreneurs. She previously served on the board of the Direct Marketing Association (DMA), the leading industry trade association, where she was a voting director from 2008 to 2015 and served as an Officer. She was a Board Trustee for the Direct Marketing Educational Foundation from 2010 to 2012. From 2005 to 2009, Ms. Zier chaired the Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC) Magazine Directors’ Advisory Committee and was an active member of the Association of Magazine Media’s (MPA) Marketing Committee. Before joining RDA, Ms. Zier held positions at AT&T, Chase Manhattan Bank, and Prodigy Services Corporation. She has an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management as well as a Master’s of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. She received her Bachelor’s of Engineering degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the State University of New York at Stony Brook.Andrea M. Weiss  Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseMarket SummaryTrading SymbolNTRIExchangeNASDAQMarket Value ($M)NaNStock Quote
              $ 56.45
            Change 
            $ 1.051.9%
          Volume1,190,804
            As of 7/28/2017Minimum 20 minute delay.
          Investor ToolkitEmail pagePDF viewPrint viewRSS FeedsEmail AlertMobile IR SiteTearsheetSocial Media Sharing  Express Buy
                        Women's PlansBasicSilverVegetarian
                        Men's PlansBasicSilverVegetarian
                        Diabetic PlansWomenMen    Select Your Version
                            USA -
                            English
                          
                            Canada -
                            English
                              Member Log In    Forgot Password  About UsContact UsSite MapGuaranteePrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsInvestor RelationsAffiliatesCorporate PartnershipHealthcare ProfessionalsMedia InquiriesCareersFAQ  NUTRISYSTEM and related trademarks are registered trademarks and trademarks in the United States and/or other countries, used under license from Nutri/System IPHC, Inc.
                  © 2017 Nutrisystem, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                Nutrisystem, Inc., 600 Office Center Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034

Dawn M. Zier: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:33 AM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of Nutrisystem, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Dawn M. Zier  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Nutrisystem, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships52$4,492,169As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Dawn M. Zier has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Nutrisystem, Inc. since November 15, 2012. Ms. Zier served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Direct Holdings U.S. Corp. from June 2009 To October 2009 and again since July 2010. She served as an Executive Vice President at RDA Holding Co. from February 2011 to November 14, 2012 and as its President of International from April 2011 to November 14, 2012. Ms. Zier served as the President ... of International and Executive Vice President at Reader's Digest Association, Inc. from April 2011 to November 14, 2012 and served as its President of Global Consumer Marketing from June 2008 To October 2009 and also as its President of Europe Operations from November 2, 2009 to April 2011. While at Reader's Digest, Ms. Zier established a consumer-centric and affinity marketing model, developing new product offerings and marketing strategies specifically targeted to the demographics and psychographics of key groups of customers and prospects. She has a strong track record of driving growth across the food affinity and digital channels. As president of the international business, she has been actively building its portfolio of licensing arrangements in countries outside the U.S., while significantly reducing operating costs. She is a respected thought leader in the direct marketing business. She served as the President of North American Consumer Marketing of Reader's Digest Association Inc. from August 15, 2005 to June 2008 and from December 2005 to March 2007, she oversaw Reader's Digest's Canadian subsidiary. She served as Secretary of Direct Marketing Association from October 2012 to October 2014. Ms. Zier served as the President of Consumer Marketing of Reader's Digest Association Inc. since March 21, 2007. Ms. Zier also served on the direct marketing education foundation's board of trustees from October 2010 to October 2012. Ms. Zier served as the President of North American U.S. Books and Home Entertainment at Reader's Digest Association from August 2005 to March 2007. She joined Reader's Digest in February 1992. She served as Vice President of Consumer Marketing, U.S. Magazines from February 2001 to August 2005. She headed Consumer Marketing for the North American division, playing a critical role in ensuring that it takes full advantage of Circulation and Marketing best practices and synergies across all businesses and media. Her responsibilities also includes U.S. Books and Home Entertainment and all North American retail initiatives. She served as Vice President of Circulation Marketing. She served as Marketing Director for the General Books Division of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Ms. Zier served as General Manager of Circulation with responsibility for the Reading division and Young Families. Before joining The Reader's Digest Association, Inc., she held positions at&T Bell Labs, Chase Manhattan Bank and Prodigy. Ms. Zier has led a successful four-year effort to stabilize the rate base of Reader's Digest magazine and to drive circulation profitability. She helped the magazine to diversify its marketing and phase out of the use of sweepstakes promotions in the United States. Her Marketing Strategies have enhanced the profitability of its Reading Series as well as growth initiatives for the Children's Market. Earlier, she worked at Chase Manhattan Bank in the Credit Card Division and at&T Information Systems. She has been a Director of Direct Marketing Association Inc. since 2008. She has been a Director of Spirit Airlines, Inc. since June 16, 2015 and Nutrisystem, Inc. since November 15, 2012. She served as Co-Chair of the Magazine Director's Advisory Committee for the Audit Bureau of Circulations from 2005 to 2009. Ms. Zier represents Reader's Digest Association Inc. on MPA's Consumer Marketing Steering Committee, ABC's Magazine Director's Advisory Committee, where she serves as a Co-chair and other industry committees. Ms. Zier is a 20-year veteran of Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Ms. Zier holds an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management, a Masters of Science from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a Bachelor's of Engineering from SUNY Stony Brook.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Fort Washington Executive CenterFort Washington, Pennsylvania 19034United StatesPhone: 215-706-5300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorDirect Marketing Association Inc.2012-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorNutrisystem, Inc.2015-PresentDirectorSpirit Airlines, Inc.
Education
MS Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyBE State University of New York at Stony BrookMBA MIT Sloan School of Management
Other Affiliations
Trusted Media Brands, Inc.Spirit Airlines, Inc.Direct Marketing Association Inc.Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyState University of New York at Stony BrookMIT Sloan School of ManagementRDA Holding Co.Direct Holdings U.S. Corp.


Annual Compensation
Salary$750,000Total Annual Compensation$750,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$2,109,965All Other Compensation$19,704Exercised Options$174,003Exercised Options Value$3,728,318Exercisable Options$52,631Exercisable Options Value$742,736Unexercisable Options$211,266Unexercisable Options Value$3,624,611Total Value of Options$8,095,664Total Number of Options$437,900
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$2,007,204Total Short Term Compensation$750,000Other Long Term Compensation$2,129,669Total Calculated Compensation$4,492,169




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDaniel R. Chard Chief Executive Officer and DirectorMedifast, Inc.$172.3KKevin G. Guest Chief Executive Officer and DirectorUSANA Health Sciences, Inc.$626.6KMindy F. Grossman President, CEO & DirectorWeight Watchers International, Inc.--Menderes  Akdag Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorPetMed Express, Inc.$600.0KColin Frederick Watts Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVitamin Shoppe, Inc.$780.8KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nutrisystem, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 












Dawn M Zier, NutriSystem, Inc. President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Dawn M Zier
President & CEO, NutriSystem, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Dawn M Zier at NutriSystem, Inc.. Dawn M Zier works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  NutriSystem, Inc. is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


Nutrisystem reports strong second quarter

Revenue was up 30 percent, to $194.9 million.
It's the 16th consecutive quarter of growth for the company, which has experienced a strong turnaround under president and CEO Dawn Zier. The company reported double-digit growth in customer revenues from both new and reactivated customers, and is seeing demand for its newly launched South Beach Diet.
.....

People In This Article:
Dawn M Zier
 

07/18/2017:


ASK Blog: Engineering a Turnaround, Engineer or Not

..... All you need to do is think like one.
Dawn Zier is President and Chief Executive Officer of Nutrisystem, an innovative provider of weight loss programs offering a wide variety of home-delivered, nutritionally balanced meal plans, retail products and advanced digital tools. Since taking the helm in late 2012, Dawn has embarked on an ambitious 4-point turnaround and growth plan for Nutrisystem. .....

People In This Article:
Dawn M Zier
 






Learn more about Dawn M Zier  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Dawn M Zier and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






































Dawn M. Zier - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Dawn M. Zier
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Nutrisystem, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Dawn M. Zier? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dawn M. Zier's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dawn M. Zier's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dawn M. Zier's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dawn M. Zier through your network of contacts.
												








Dawn M. Zier's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Nutrisystem, Inc.


Board Member, 
Spirit Airlines, Inc.


Past
To view Dawn M. Zier's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Dawn M. Zier's Biography



Dawn M. Zier has been a member of the Board since June 2015. Since November 2012, Ms. Zier has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nutrisystem Inc., a commercial provider of weight loss products and services, and as a member of its board of directors. Before joining Nutrisystem, Ms. Zier served as the President of International at the Reader's Digest Association, Inc., a global media and direct marketing company (the "Reader's Digest Association"), from April 2011 to November 2012 and as an Executive Vice President of the Reader's Digest Association from February 2011 to November 2012. Prior to that, she served in various other ...
(Read More)

			Dawn M. Zier has been a member of the Board since June 2015. Since November 2012, Ms. Zier has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nutrisystem Inc., a commercial provider of weight loss products and services, and as a member of its board of directors. Before joining Nutrisystem, Ms. Zier served as the President of International at the Reader's Digest Association, Inc., a global media and direct marketing company (the "Reader's Digest Association"), from April 2011 to November 2012 and as an Executive Vice President of the Reader's Digest Association from February 2011 to November 2012. Prior to that, she served in various other management positions at the Reader's Digest Association. RDA Holding Co., the holding company and parent of Reader's Digest Association, underwent a reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code beginning in 2013. Ms. Zier also served on the Direct Marketing Education Foundation's Board of Trustees from October 2010 to October 2012 and on the Direct Marketing Association's Board of Directors from October 2008 to October 2015, and also as its Secretary from October 2012 to October 2014. From 2005 to 2009, she chaired the Magazine's Director's Advisory Committee for the Audit Bureau of Circulations. The Board has concluded that Ms. Zier should serve on the Board and on the Audit and Safety, Security and Operations Committees based on her leadership, consumer marketing expertise and general business experience.
		
Source: Spirit Airlines, Inc. on 03/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dawn M. Zier's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Dawn M. Zier. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dawn M. Zier's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dawn M. Zier's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dawn M. Zier through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Dawn M. Zier


















Dawn M. Zier's Connections (72)





Sign up now to view Dawn M. Zier's 72 connections »









Robert D. Johnson
Board Member, Roper Technologies, Inc.









Thomas O. Ryder
Board Member, Amazon.com, Inc.









Walter S. Isaacson
Board Member, United Continental Holdings, Inc.









Stephen T. Zarrilli
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.









Horacio Scapparone
Former Board Member, Spirit Airlines, Inc.









Andrea M. Weiss
Board Member, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.









Albert L. Perruzza
Former Senior Vice President, Global Operations and Business Redesign, Readers Digest Association









Barclay G. Jones
Board Member, Spirit Airlines, Inc.









David D. Clark
Chief Financial Officer, The Meet Group, Inc.









Michael F. Devine
Board Member, Express, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Q&A with Nutrisystem CEO Dawn M. Zier


































































Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers








 







 

 
 


Search icon

 





SectionsClose
 
 
 
 
 

 







Search
Search








Search
Search icon

 
 

 
 


 
 



 Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints   

Powered By


Inquirer logo

Subscribe
 

Daily News logo

Subscribe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
 



  

business
— Jane M. Von Bergen  
Q&A with Nutrisystem CEO Dawn M. Zier 

 

Updated: December 30, 2013 — 3:01 AM EST




Facebook icon
2Share


Twitter icon
Tweet


Tumblr icon

Tumblr


Mail icon
Email



Reprints & Permissions
REPRINTS


 
 









Popular Stories





The end is here for 3 Philly-area Penneys on Monday  Jul 28 - 9:15 AM



Judge scoffs at 'Chip' Fattah's $3 million demand  Jul 27 - 7:29 PM 
 





 
  












 
Shopping Cart icon
 Buy Photo

 

Dawn M. Zier  
  






  by Jane M. Von Bergen, Inquirer Staff Writer
      	  	              
 
 
 
 
 

When Dawn M. Zier arrived at Nutrisystem Inc. as its new chief executive last year, she came with decades of executive-level experience in direct-to-consumer marketing, which is how the Fort Washington diet company sells most of its products.









 Slideshow
 
 

Q&A with Nutrisystem CEO Dawn M. Zier
 
 
 






Advertisment


of



Gallery: 



Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Pinterest
Mail icon










But Zier had another qualification, unmatched by any previous CEO of Nutrisystem. Then 47, she precisely matched the company's target customer - a woman in her 40s struggling to lose 40 pounds.
Conversely, Nutrisystem, looking gaunt, desperately needed to fatten up. With 2012 revenue at $396.9 million, down from $776.7 million in 2007, its shares were trading at $7.23, a tenth of what they commanded in 2007. Nutrisystem lost $2.8 million in its last fiscal year.

Question: Do you think your special qualification matters on Wall Street?
Answer: I don't tend to talk about being a female CEO because I don't think it's relevant in the investor world, but in terms of understanding the customer, it's very relevant.
Q: How so?



 


A: I have a deeper understanding for how people, largely women, struggle with weight and how it's an emotional issue, a nutritional issue, and a physical issue. It all has to come together in the [diet] experience. I'm very empathetic toward that because as a female, I've also struggled with that.
Q: Shares have gone up - with Nutrisystem now trading in the upper teens. Your weight is down. By how much?



A: Over the last 18 months, I lost 30 pounds.
Q: Using Nutrisystem?
A: I've tried Weight Watchers. I've tried Jenny Craig. I've tried Nutrisystem. I've tried them all. Obviously, I recommend Nutrisystem.
Q: Any New Year's resolutions?



  

A: I would like to lose 10 pounds.
Q: How about the company's weight problem?
A: When I came in November 2012, the company had been suffering revenue declines for the last five years. I'm a big believer that it's easy to drive revenue, but you have to make sure it's profit-generating revenue. One of my first focuses was to get the margins back in place.
Q: Did you immediately try to change the product in time for the all-important New Year's diet resolution first-quarter?
A: I came in November, so I had no ability to impact diet season. So this is my first diet season, which we are very excited about.
Q: You came to Nutrisystem after 20 years at Reader's Digest. Publishing? Diets? What's the link?


A: Reader's Digest was a great training ground for direct marketers - database marketing. That's so important to Nutrisystem.
Q: How so?
A: When we look at the diet for diet season 2014, it's really about Nutrisystem My Way, a more personalized and customized weight-loss experience. To build on that, we need to do more in the area of database marketing.
Q: What motivated your weight loss?
A: I think my wake-up moment was seeing a photo of myself. I decided enough was enough - if this was a business problem, I would solve it.
Q: What's your nemesis?


A: Ice cream.
Q: How do you cope?
A: There are [Nutrisystem] ice cream sandwiches, which really help me. Ice cream sandwiches are 150 calories instead of an ice cream sundae, which is about 1,000 calories.
 

NUTRISYSTEM

Headquarters: Fort Washington.


Business: Weight loss.
Ticker: NTRI.
Friday's close: $16.48, down 2.6%.
2012 Revenue:
$396.9 million.
2012 Net Income:


-$2.8 million.
Employees: 440.


MORE ONLINE

Dawn M. Zier on the value of her MIT engineering degree. www.inquirer.com/jobbing




DAWN M. ZIER

Title: Chief executive, president, Nutrisystem Inc.
Hometown: Hopewell Junction, N.Y.
Weekdays: Willow Grove.
Family: Husband, Steven; children, Kyle, 18; Kirsten, 15.
Diplomas: State University of New York, electrical engineering and computer science; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, master's degrees in electrical engineering, computer science, and business administration.



 

Resumé: Reader's Digest Association, last heading its international division.
On the side: Bakes 12 kinds of Christmas cookies. Best cookie: Peanut butter blossom.

 jvonbergen@phillynews.com
 215-854-2769
 @JaneVonBergen



 








 Read more by Jane M. Von Bergen  
 
 




 


Published:  December 30, 2013 — 3:01 AM EST

                                                  The Philadelphia Inquirer
                        
 
 



Thanks for your continued support...
We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as  25¢ per day.
We're thankful for your support in every way.


 
 


 

 
 
  
 








  
 









 



 



Dawn M. Zier to Join Nutrisystem as President and Chief Executive Officer | Business Wire


























































Dawn M. Zier to Join Nutrisystem as President and Chief Executive 
      Officer






Reader’s Digest veteran brings analytics-driven multi-channel 
      marketing approach, turnaround and leadership skills to the top job at 
      Nutrisystem










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Dawn M. Zier to Join Nutrisystem as President and Chief Executive Officer; Reader's Digest veteran brings analytics-driven multi-channel marketing approach, turnaround and leadership skills to the top job at Nutrisystem (Photo: Nutrisystem, Inc.)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Dawn M. Zier to Join Nutrisystem as President and Chief Executive Officer; Reader's Digest veteran brings analytics-driven multi-channel marketing approach, turnaround and leadership skills to the top job at Nutrisystem (Photo: Nutrisystem, Inc.)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














November 05, 2012 04:00 PM Eastern Standard Time



FORT WASHINGTON, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nutrisystem, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRI), a leading provider of weight 
      management products and services, today announced that Dawn M. Zier will 
      join the company as president and chief executive officer. She will also 
      serve on the Nutrisystem board of directors. She replaces Joe Redling, 
      who is stepping down as president and chief executive officer and 
      resigning from the company’s board of directors.
    

      Ms. Zier is a 20-year veteran of Reader’s Digest Association, Inc., a 
      leading global, multi-brand and multi-platform media and direct 
      marketing company. At Reader’s Digest, she served in a range of 
      leadership positions across the United States and internationally, most 
      recently as president of the company’s international business, with 
      responsibility for $750 million of revenue and a team of 1,000 employees 
      across Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America.
    

      While at Reader’s Digest, Ms. Zier established a consumer-centric and 
      affinity marketing model, developing new product offerings and marketing 
      strategies specifically targeted to the demographics and psychographics 
      of key groups of customers and prospects. She has a strong track record 
      of driving growth across the food affinity and digital channels. As 
      president of the international business, she has been actively building 
      the company’s portfolio of licensing arrangements in countries outside 
      the U.S., while significantly reducing operating costs. She is a 
      respected thought leader in the direct marketing business, and has 
      served on the board of directors of the Direct Marketing Association 
      since 2008.
    

      Mike Hagan, chairman of the Nutrisystem board of directors stated, 
      “We’re excited to announce the appointment of Dawn Zier as Nutrisystem’s 
      next president and chief executive officer. Dawn’s experience and 
      accomplishments fit our requirements perfectly, as she has led Reader’s 
      Digest Association’s transformation to a customer-centric business 
      model, built new products and developed new revenue streams in the 
      digital arena, and demonstrated a clear ability to manage costs and 
      drive efficiencies to deliver strong financial results. We believe that 
      she will be a powerful agent for change, and we look forward to her 
      contributions, perspective, and leadership at Nutrisystem.”
    

      Dawn Zier added, “Joining Nutrisystem is a wonderful opportunity for me 
      personally, and the logical next step in my career. The company has a 
      strong portfolio of products that help consumers lose weight, improve 
      their health, and live better lives. It has significant name recognition 
      as a result of several decades of marketing investment in the brand. And 
      it’s universally seen as one of the leaders in the weight loss sector. 
      With a fresh and creative approach to the consumer, a thoughtful eye to 
      new product development, and a careful effort to contain costs, I 
      believe we can improve financial performance and build shareholder 
      value. I look forward to working with Mike Hagan, the board of 
      directors, and the entire Nutrisystem team to make this happen.”
    

      Ms. Zier holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the MIT 
      Sloan School of Management, as well as a Master of Science degree in 
      electrical engineering and computer science from MIT. She received her 
      Bachelor of Engineering degree from the State University of New York at 
      Stony Brook.
    

      Ms. Zier will join Nutrisystem on November 15, 2012. Joe Redling will 
      remain with the company as chief executive officer through disclosure of 
      the company’s third quarter financial results on November 9, 2012. David 
      Clark, the company’s chief financial officer, will serve as interim 
      chief executive officer between Mr. Redling’s departure date and Ms. 
      Zier’s arrival at the company.
    

About Nutrisystem


      Having helped Americans lose millions of pounds over the last 40 years, 
      Nutrisystem, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRI) develops evidence-based programs for 
      healthy weight management, and is the leading provider of home-delivered 
      weight loss meal plans. Nutrisystem offers balanced nutrition in the 
      form of low glycemic index meal plans designed for men and women, 
      including seniors, vegetarians and the Nutrisystem® D® 
      program for people with diabetes or at risk for type 2 diabetes. 
      Nutrisystem® plans include a wide variety of pantry and 
      fresh-frozen entrees and snacks to aid in program satisfaction and 
      adherence, as well as transition plans to support long-term success. The 
      Fort Washington, PA-based company also provides weight management 
      support and counseling by trained weight-loss coaches and registered 
      dietitians, as well as through an engaged online community, online tools 
      and trackers, mobile apps, cookbooks and more. Healthcare professionals 
      may learn more about the programs by visiting www.nutrisystem.com/hcp. 
      Nutrisystem® weight loss plans are available directly to 
      consumers through www.nutrisystem.com, 
      by phone (1-800-435-4074) and at select retailers. The Company has also 
      introduced a new in-store retail line, Nutrisystem® Everyday™ 
      products, comprised of nutritionally balanced bars, smoothies, bakery 
      and breakfast items aimed at consumers who aspire to eat healthier.
    

Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer


      This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are made 
      pursuant to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements regarding Nutrisystem's growth 
      plans and other statements that are not statements of historical fact 
      constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
      involve a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in 
      Nutrisystem, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other filings 
      with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The actual results may 
      differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to such risks 
      and uncertainties. Nutrisystem, Inc. undertakes no obligation to revise 
      or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or 
      circumstances that may arise after the date of this release.
    

      Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=50466515&lang=en



Contacts

      Nutrisystem, Inc.InvestorsGregory FCAJoe 
      Crivelli, 610-228-2100orMediaImpression PartnersTricia 
      Primrose, 917-679-9585
    















Release Summary
Dawn M. Zier to Join Nutrisystem as President and Chief Executive Officer; Reader’s Digest veteran brings analytics-driven multi-channel marketing approach, turnaround and leadership skills to the top







Contacts

      Nutrisystem, Inc.InvestorsGregory FCAJoe 
      Crivelli, 610-228-2100orMediaImpression PartnersTricia 
      Primrose, 917-679-9585
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















How Dawn Zier engineered a healthy turnaround for Nutrisystem | SmartCEO






















































 



















































































 














 
About
Contact







 
SmartCEO lead educated. lead inspired.

 









 

How Dawn Zier engineered a healthy turnaround for Nutrisystem




By Samantha Drake

Photography by Mitro Hood
When Dawn Zier became president and CEO of the struggling Nutrisystem, Inc. in 2012, she instituted a practice of celebrating employee successes, big and small. The stepped-up recognition helped get the workforce excited about the company and on the road to reversing several years of declining revenue.
A year later, at a quarterly company-wide gathering, four employees took over the Q&A portion of the meeting to express their gratitude for Zier’s leadership and guidance. Then they presented Zier with a sheet cake and a certificate of appreciation to mark her one-year anniversary. The surprise honor was a sign that the once-dispirited workforce had bought into Zier’s philosophy of celebrating the small wins that lead to big successes.
Zier, the first female CEO in Nutrisystem’s 43-year history, is bringing the Fort Washington, PA-based company back to top form. Zier announced on April 30 that Nutrisystem achieved its seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. Total revenue for 2015 is estimated to be in the range of $440 million to $455 million.
Nutrisystem has 420 employees, half of whom work in the company’s customer contact center. In addition to its Fort Washington headquarters, Nutrisystem has distribution centers in Nevada and Pennsylvania. Zier won’t disclose the number of customers Nutrisystem has; she says merely that the company has helped “millions of people lose millions of pounds over the years.”
“As a busy mom and a working professional, it’s hard to find time to do everything. Structured weight-loss programs do help you lose weight,” says Zier, 50, who acknowledges her own issues with weight.
Two-thirds of the American population is considered overweight or obese and at any given time there are 108 million people dieting, says Zier. That means there’s no shortage of potential customers, but there’s no shortage of competition, either.
Nutrisystem sets itself apart from the weight-loss program heavyweights like Weight Watchers and Jenny Craig by providing busy dieters with portion control and a structured plan. Non-dieters may recognize Nutrisystem as the company with the long-time celebrity spokespeople Marie Osmond and Dan Marino.
Nutrisystem sells structured, home-delivered weight-loss meal plans and meals that are frozen and ready to go, including popular bars and shakes. Customers buy food packages containing a month’s supply of breakfasts, lunches, dinners, snacks and desserts that are either pre-selected or determined by the customer. Customers provide their own fresh fruits, vegetables and dairy. Nutrisystem also offers complimentary counseling from trained weight-loss counselors, registered dietitians and certified diabetes educators, with additional support available through its online community and tools. While proponents like the absence of calorie-counting or monthly weigh-ins, critics have said the structured meal plans leave little room for deviation, such as eating out at a restaurant.
FLUCTUATING FORTUNES
Nutrisystem’s fortunes have yo-yo’ed wildly since its founding in 1972 by Philadelphia entrepreneur Harold Katz in Willow Grove, PA. Initially named Shape-Up, the business eventually launched 700 company-owned and franchised locations called Nutri/System Centers, which offered weight-loss products and counseling. Katz sold the business in 1986 and went on to found the H. Katz Capital Group, a private equity firm in Southampton, PA.
Subsequent leadership of Nutrisystem boosted sales to more than $1 billion, according to Forbes magazine. But mounting debt, lawsuits related to food safety, and the fallout from a Federal Trade Commission investigation into Nutrisystem’s claims about the performance and safety of its weight-loss programs ultimately took a heavy toll. Nutrisystem filed for bankruptcy in 1993.
Nutrisystem emerged from bankruptcy that same year under new ownership. The company ventured into selling its products online and went public in 1999. But despite the fresh start and shedding of its system of company-owned and franchised centers, Nutrisystem continued to struggle, Forbes reported.
In 2002, an investor group headed by Michael Hagan acquired the company and named Hagan CEO and chairman of the board. The company had what Hagan calls “a good run” between 2002 and 2008 before he moved on and became CEO at LifeShield Inc. in Langhorne, PA. Under Hagan, Nutrisystem’s revenues grew from $28 million to $777 million.
Forbes named him Entrepreneur of the Year in 2006 for his achievements at the company.
But without Hagan’s leadership, Nutrisystem faltered once again, this time faced with a recession as well as increasing competition.
At the board’s request, Hagan rejoined Nutrisystem’s board of directors in 2012. He led the search to find a new CEO who could turn the company around. Specifically, Nutrisystem needed a leader who possessed a deep knowledge of direct and ecommerce marketing and who could address myriad problems in the organization, Hagan notes.
ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS
Zier came from Reader’s Digest, where she had worked from 1992 to 2012 in a variety of posts. Among them, Zier served as president of the publishing company’s international and European businesses, and oversaw the global and consumer marketing divisions.
Although marketing became her focus, Zier actually started out in engineering. She earned a degree in computer science and electrical engineering from Stony Brook University and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), followed by a master’s in business administration from MIT. Her first job out of Stony Brook was a technical staff position at AT&T, and Zier transitioned into marketing in her next job at Chase Manhattan Corp.
Zier says her engineering background provided the foundation for how she solves problems. “When you’re writing code or designing a circuit, you tend to do it in pieces and modules. So when I problem solve, I tend to break it down into modules or components similar to the way my mind was wired for writing software,” she explains. “You can take a problem that seems big and daunting and break it down into different sub-segments, and all of a sudden it doesn’t seem as scary or as challenging.”
When Zier joined Nutrisystem in November 2012, the organization had more than its share of challenges. These included a stagnating portfolio of weight-loss products, a misguided focus on discounts, and a corporate culture that was adrift, says Hagan. Zier quickly made her mark on the company. “Dawn has over-delivered on all of her promises,” Hagan says, noting that Nutrisystem’s stock has roughly tripled since she took over.
Turning the company around was no small feat, says Keira Krausz, Nutrisystem’s chief marketing officer and a former Reader’s Digest colleague, who joined the company in February 2013. “Almost everything needed to be fixed in some regard,” she notes.
Krausz describes Zier as a very hands-on CEO who can quickly pinpoint problems and issues. “She’s definitely not afraid to roll up her sleeves,” she says. For example, Zier can look at a large Excel spreadsheet of numbers and spot a number that doesn’t look right, saying, “I smell smoke there.” She’ll immediately pull out a calculator to figure out the problem herself, Krausz says, adding, “On any day of the week, she’ll jump in as you need her to.”
CULTURE SHIFT
Understanding the company’s culture was one of Zier’s first priorities. Maintaining a productive culture in a workplace can fall by the wayside in the drive for results, “but if you don’t have the right foundation in place, you’re not going to succeed,” she says.
Zier started by listening to what employees across all departments had to say and heard that several years of declining revenue had resulted in feelings of resignation and defeat in many people. The challenge, Zier realized, was getting employees who hadn’t experienced success in a long time excited and passionate about their work.
“I think the team was a little beaten down,” she says. “They needed hope, but I always say that hope’s not a strategy. So we actually needed results.”
Zier set clear expectations for employees and goals for the company. She gave every person in the company in a leadership role a laminated handout containing the goals for the year and strategies for achieving them. It’s Nutrisystem’s “bible for the year” and helps keep everyone on the same page, says Zier.
To ensure discussions and decisions are supported by numbers and facts, not conjecture and hypothesis, Zier put in place what she calls a “Just the FACTS culture.” “I was really regimented in making sure we had the facts, which I think comes from my engineering background,” she notes. The acronym FACTS stands for Focused, Accountable, Customer-centric, Team-oriented, and Solution-driven, Zier explains, and is intended to remind employees to focus on the priorities, clearly understand their goals, listen to customers without making assumptions, work as a team, and be driven to find solutions.
Recently, Nutrisystem began celebrating employees’ everyday successes in a campaign called “#Makingithappen.” If someone goes above and beyond in the organization or demonstrates passion for the work, he or she is recognized each month, says Zier. The achievement could be anything from a notable number of sales to negotiating a great medical benefit, she adds.
Robert F. Bernstock, a member of Nutrisystem’s board of directors who participated in hiring Zier, credits her with facilitating the company’s new attitude. “A lot of the cultural change comes from Dawn herself,” he says, noting Zier’s strong work ethic, along with her ability to work collaboratively while holding people accountable, were very attractive attributes. She’s “a straight shooter and a good listener” who has a clear sense of the path forward, Bernstock says.
At the same time, Zier says she needed to demonstrate from the top down that “if something didn’t go exactly as planned, it wasn’t game over, it was game starting.” If Plan A didn’t work, they simply had to move on to Plan B and Plan C if necessary, she says.
Bumps still occur, of course, agrees Krausz, “but I see a major difference in how people react to those bumps.”
Kraus says it’s no secret that Zier is very competitive, and competitive people realize that sometimes you lose a game. Except when it comes to playing sports. At company picnics, Zier quickly joins the best volleyball team so she can be on the winning side, Krausz explains, adding, “She can’t just show up like the rest of us and laugh about it. She has to win. For her, everything is full-out.”
PRODUCT PLACEMENT
Nutrisystem’s revenue decline between 2008 and 2012 was attributed, in part, to the recession triggered by the economic crisis in 2008. Ineffective sales and marketing strategies also played a significant role. “A lot of what happened was self-inflicted wounds,” acknowledges Zier.
In an effort to boost sales, the company had started discounting its products, which is not a good sales strategy, says Zier. Nutrisystem was also talking less about weight loss and more about how inexpensive the food was. Both strategies were misguided and sent the wrong message to customers, she says.
Zier took a different direction by making select Nutrisystem products available at certain retail outlets for the first time. The direct-to-consumer channel has a lot of potential for the company, she notes. Nutrisystem’s five-day weight loss kit, for example, is available at Walmart stores and on Amazon.com, and is designed to give consumers who wouldn’t ordinarily buy the product a chance to sample it. Dieters can lose several pounds in just one week, a quick win that lays the groundwork for more success. “Studies show that the initial weight loss is actually very motivating,” says Zier.
Nutrisystem also now offers its snacks as a standalone product in addition to being part of the meal packages. Although Zier is generally very analytical, Krausz says, her reasoning behind making snacks more available was simply: “People snack.”
In addition, the company is focusing on developing more options for dieters with specific needs, including vegetarians and people with diabetes. Nutrisystem’s focus on diabetes isn’t new, but under Zier’s guidance, the company created more options for diabetics and also began selling the diabetic meals through its retail partners.
To meet dieters’ growing desire for more fresh food, Nutrisystem is testing a new delivery program called Simply Fresh. All meals are shipped to customers via FedEx and can be prepared in less than five minutes. The food, including fresh fruits and vegetables, is kept cool during shipment in a specially designed temperature-controlled carrier.
Zier’s efforts to understand and cultivate Nutrisystem’s customer base haven’t gone unnoticed. “Nutrisystem is a little more attuned to what customers want,” says John LaRosa, president at Marketdata Enterprises, Inc. in Tampa, FL, which recently released its biennial study, The U.S. Weight Loss & Diet Control Market. Nutrisystem’s fortunes are on the upswing again because of its focus on good management and serving the customers, he says.
Nutrisystem is well positioned for the future because of its diverse products and services, and its partnerships with retailers, notes LaRosa. Yet Nutrisystem’s biggest competition isn’t from other weight-loss programs, it’s from do-it-yourself dieters with shrinking budgets and increasing time commitments, he says. A decade ago, DIY dieters comprised 70 percent of the dieting market; today that figure is 82 percent, points out La Rosa.
Among its recent initiatives, Nutrisystem launched NuMi, a digital device that integrates with wearable fitness devices and health platforms.
PERSONAL STAKE
If Zier’s leadership style makes her one of Nutrisystem’s most effective CEOs, it also makes her one of its most relatable leaders.
One of Nutrisystem’s marketing themes is “Put yourself first.” Zier puts this idea into practice in her own life by making time for exercise — particularly biking, whether it’s outdoors or in a spin class — and spending time with her husband and two children.
Because Zier’s principal residence is not in Pennsylvania, she spends a lot of time commuting to Fort Washington. Both she and Krausz have lengthy drives to work, so they sometimes use that time to discuss the business.
Zier downplays her role as Nutrisystem’s first female CEO, while emphasizing her insight into the company’s customers. “I really don’t think about female versus male or things like that,” she explains. “But I think certainly as a woman who has also struggled with weight that I do bring a good perspective to the company for really understanding our customers.”
Three-quarters of Nutrisystem’s customers are women, Zier notes. So the ability to spin her experiences into every woman’s experience is an asset to her job. “My issues with my weight are what I think 80 percent of the population has, so I think it’s something we can all relate to,” she notes. “I think most women in America have dieted at one point.”
Whether someone is trying to transform physically or revitalize a company, change is never easy or simple. But, just as Nutrisystem encourages new dieters with small, quick weight-loss victories, Zier is banking on the new culture of innovation and optimism she’s created at the company to continue building a new future. As Zier notes, “Success begets success.” CEO
Samantha Drake is a freelance writer based in Lansdowne, PA. Contact us at editorial@smartceo.com.





TURNAROUND TIPS
Nutrisystem, Inc. president and CEO Dawn Zier has been on the job for just a few years but has already put the company well on the road back to success. Turning an organization around financially and culturally is a tall order, and means the new leader has to hit the ground running. Zier gives the following advice to CEOs facing big challenges:
Listen closely. In typical turnaround situations, the company culture has contributed to inhibiting the company’s growth. Zier says listening to the employees across all departments is the key to understanding the culture and what the company’s issues are. In fact, a CEO’s first month on the job should be all about listening.
Build a team. Zier brought several former colleagues with her to Nutrisystem to help her assess the situation and reinvigorate the company. But she was careful to create a diverse team. “I was really big on making sure I had a melded team of newcomers as well as people who had been valuable to the company over time,” Zier points out. “I didn’t want to create an ‘us versus them’ culture.”
Move fast. Importantly, Zier didn’t wait to start launching new initiatives. She relied on what she calls the “90-day rule.” A new leader has just 90 days to start enacting change. “You’ve got to move fast and you’ve got to be brave,” says Zier.
Take chances. Turning a company around is the time to be bold. Zier says she decided not long after she joined Nutrisystem that the company should start selling selected products at Wal-Mart. Going into retail for the first time was a risk, but Zier says she knew Nutrisystem had to strike out in a promising new direction.




FOCUS ON THE FACTS
Given her engineering background, Dawn Zier, president and CEO of Nutrisystem, Inc., approaches problems with an analytical eye. She built a “FACTS” culture at the company to base decisions on numbers and facts, not just gut feelings and speculation.
FOCUSED
We prioritize our activities and act with a sense of urgency on those initiatives which will meaningfully move our business forward.
ACCOUNTABLE
We take responsibility for our commitments, decisions and actions and own the results regardless of the outcome.
CUSTOMER-CENTRIC
We honor our customers with a commitment to genuine service.
TEAM-ORIENTED
We are “all hands in” — we work, win and overcome trials as one company.
SOLUTION-DRIVEN
When faced with problems, we come equipped with solutions.
Source: www.nutrisystem.com





cover Dan Marino Dawn Zier Diet feature Jenny Craig Leadership Marie Osmond NutriSystem Philadelphia Turnaround Weight loss Weight Watchers 2015-06-29





Related Posts





 

‘I just want to be one of the guys:’ Excuses to avoid managing, and the harm they can do





 

Reviving troubled companies: Phases and actions in the turnaround process





 

Navigating the unique challenges of a family business, sponsored by St. Joseph’s University







Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 



How can SmartCEO help you?
 
I need help finding:



FEATURED ROUNDTABLES AND THINK TANKS		
 




Navigating the unique challenges of a family business, sponsored by St. Joseph’s University



More Roundtables






Ready to file: CPAs share the tax facts CEOs need to know in 2017 and beyond






Pricing strategy and tactics, sponsored by Aurynion LLC






The next four years: Where is the economy going, and how does it affect your business? Sponsored by Moritt Hock & Hamroff LLP






Staying ahead of cybersecurity threats, sponsored by Norris McLaughlin & Marcus, P.A. and Wilkin & Guttenplan, PC (part 2)





 

SmartCEO magazine
More Articles		
 




Win over your audience with a well-planned, effective opening and closing to your speech






Businesses are affected by crises and disasters all the time. Are you ready?






Wealth manager Stephen Cohn shares lessons from three decades of running a family business






‘I just want to be one of the guys:’ Excuses to avoid managing, and the harm they can do






The way to prevent death by meeting is to make meetings matter




 

 


 







 

			© Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved			







 

















































































































































