

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bruce Zipf, Realogy Holdings Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Bruce Zipf

Pres & CEO:NRT LLC,
Realogy Holdings Corp






Career History




President/CEO
Nrt Inc, 9/2012-PRESENT


Pres & CEO:NRT LLC
Realogy Holdings Corp, 9/2012-PRESENT


President/CEO:NRT LLC
Domus Holdings Corp, UNKNOWN-9/2012


President/COO
Nrt Inc, 2/2004-3/2005


Exec VP/CAO
Nrt Inc, 1/2003-2/2004


Senior VP:Eastern Operations
Nrt Inc, 1998-12/2002


President/COO
Coldwell Banker Residential, 1996-1998


President/CEO
Nrt Inc, 3/2005-UNKNOWN


Senior Audit Manager
Ernst & Young LLP, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.realogy.com






Corporate Information
Address:

175 Park Avenue
Madison, NJ 07940
United States


Phone:
1-973-407-2000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.realogy.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Bruce Zipf - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Bruce Zipf
President and Chief Executive Officer, NRT LLC at Realogy Holdings Corp.


View Full Profile
Are you Bruce Zipf? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bruce Zipf's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bruce Zipf's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bruce Zipf's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bruce Zipf through your network of contacts.
												








Bruce Zipf's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Executive Officer, NRT LLC, 
Realogy Holdings Corp.


Past
To view Bruce Zipf's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Bruce Zipf's Biography




			Bruce Zipf, 60, has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of NRT LLC since March 2005 and as President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2004 to March 2005. From January 2003 to February 2004, Mr. Zipf served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of NRT and from 1998 through December 2002 he served as NRT's Senior Vice President for most of NRT's Eastern Operations. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Zipf served as President and Chief Operating Officer for Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage-New York.
		
Source: Realogy Holdings Corp. on 02/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bruce Zipf's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Bruce Zipf. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bruce Zipf's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bruce Zipf's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bruce Zipf through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Bruce Zipf


















Bruce Zipf's Connections (44)





Sign up now to view Bruce Zipf's 44 connections »









Anthony E. Hull
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Realogy Holdings Corp.









Cheryl D. Mills
Board Member, BlackRock, Inc.









Sherry M. Smith
Board Member, Deere & Company









Donald J. Casey
President and Chief Executive Officer, Title Resource Group, Realogy Holdings Corp.









Richard A. Smith
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, Realogy Holdings Corp.









Alexander E. Perriello
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Realogy Franchise Group, Realogy Holdings Corp.









Ralph Alvarez
Board Member, Lilly









V. Ann Hailey
Board Member, W.W. Grainger, Inc.









W. Brett White
Board Member, Edison International









Kevin J. Kelleher
President and Chief Executive Officer, Cartus Corporation, Realogy Holdings Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993








































Bruce Zipf, President & Chief Executive Officer | NRT LLC – The Nation’s Largest Residential Real Estate Brokerage


































Jump to navigation







Search form

Search 








WHO WE AREExecutive LeadershipA Realogy CompanyEthicsValuesDiversityFair HousingOUR COMPANIESResidential Real EstateCommercial Real EstateMortgageRelocation ServicesREOTitleInsuranceProperty ManagementAcquisitionsCAREERSCorporateSalesReferral RewardsIN THE NEWS





 

Senior Leadership



  
 

Bruce Zipf

 

 

M. Ryan Gorman

 

 

Peter j. Sobeck

 

 

Kevin Greene

 

 

Dina Di Maria

 

 

Dan Barnett

 

 

Lauren De Simon Johnson

 

 

Ken Hoffert

 

 

Monty D. Smith

 

 

Kathryn A. Korte

 

 

Pamela Liebman

 

 

Greg Macres

 

 

Kate Rossi

 
 





 




 Bruce Zipf

	President & Chief  Executive OfficerNRT LLC 
Bruce Zipf was named president and chief executive officer for NRT in 2005. In this capacity, Zipf focuses on guiding the strategic direction of the organization, including the company’s finance, acquisitions, marketing, legal and human resources functions. 
Prior to assuming his current role, Zipf held the role of president and chief operating officer, where he was responsible for the business operations of NRT’s local operating companies, concentrating on the organization’s day-to-day responsibilities. He also previously served as executive vice president and chief administrative officer for NRT, and headed a region that spanned from Boston to Atlanta. Before that, Zipf was president of NRT's New York metro region for four years. He previously served as NRT senior vice president, responsible for the financial and administrative sectors that included acquisitions and mergers, financial planning, human resources and facilities. Earlier on, Zipf was responsible for the development of the organization’s Real Estate Support Services area, which includes the Coldwell Banker Previews luxury marketing program; its new homes division; relocation; asset management (REO); the Referral Network; and the innovative HomeMatch telephone counseling service.
Zipf has held senior management positions since he joined Schlott, Realtors as controller in 1986. In 1994, he was promoted to senior vice president of Coldwell Banker Schlott, Realtors.
Prior to entering the real estate industry, Zipf was in public accounting and held the position of senior audit manager for Ernst and Young, where he served a variety of Fortune 500 companies as well as privately held companies.
Zipf graduated magna cum laude from Albright College in Reading, Pa., with a bachelor's degree in accounting. He became a Certified Public Accountant in 1980.

















WHO WE AREExecutive LeadershipSenior
Local
Real Estate Services

A Realogy Company
Ethics
Values
Diversity
Fair Housing













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











 










Bruce Zipf























































« Previous
Next »



							                             Brokerages, Franchisors, Brokerage Organizations
                             




Bruce Zipf
President and CEO
NRT LLC
Bruce Zipf has been guiding NRT LLC, the nation’s largest residential real estate brokerage company (both in sales volume and closed transaction sides), since he was named president and CEO in 2005. Realogy Holdings Corp. subsidiary NRT owns and operates about 710 brokerage offices with approximately 41,300 independent sales associates doing business under the Coldwell Banker, Coldwell Banker Commercial, ERA, Sotheby’s International Realty, CitiHabits and The Corcoran Group brand names. Its $3 billion in revenues for the first three quarters of 2013 represented a 19 percent increase from the revenue through the same quarters in 2012. Zipf became a certified public accountant in 1980, working for Ernst & Young before joining Schlott, Realtors as controller in 1986. He became senior vice president of Coldwell Banker Schlott, Realtors in 1994. At NRT, Zipf’s numerous posts have included chief operating officer, chief administrative officer, and president of NRT’s New York City metro region.

Twitter: @brucezipf							  							  LinkedIn or other bio: Click here





« Previous
Next »


Categories of 100 Leaders:

Brokerages, Franchisors, Brokerage Organizations
Economists and Consultants
Industry trade groups, MLSs
Media, Blogging, Social Media, Marketing
Mortgage, Title, Ancillary Services 
Technology


 





Back to top 










Welcome back. Log in to access Inman Select.












Email



Password

I forgot


Log in
Not a member?  Sign Up.




 

        Forgot your password?        
        No problem.    


Simply enter the email address you used to create your account and click "Reset Password". You will receive additional instructions via email.
Forgot your username? If so please contact customer support at (510) 658-9252


Email



Reset Password






Password Reset Confirmation
Password Reset Instructions have been sent to .



Close





Subscribe to Inman Weekly
Get the week's leading headlines delivered straight to your inbox.



Top headlines from around the real estate industry. Breaking news as it happens.
15 stories covering tech, special reports, video and opinion.
Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews.
Special reports on commissions, agent tech, brokerages and much more.


Your Email





Subscribe





It looks like you're already a Select Member!
To subscribe to exclusive newsletters, visit your email preferences in the account settings.
Account Settings

 


























