 



The Hartford Names Lizabeth H. Zlatkus Chief Financial Officer and John C. Walters President of Life Operations | Business Wire


























































The Hartford Names Lizabeth H. Zlatkus Chief Financial Officer and 
      John C. Walters President of Life Operations












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Lizabeth H. Zlatkus, The Hartford (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Lizabeth H. Zlatkus, The Hartford (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












John C. Walters, The Hartford (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














February 25, 2008 08:55 AM Eastern Standard Time



HARTFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: HIG), one of the 
      nation’s largest diversified financial 
      services companies, today announced the promotions of two of its most 
      accomplished senior executives to new leadership roles in the 
      organization. Lizabeth H. Zlatkus, 49, has been named executive vice 
      president and chief financial officer of The Hartford, and John C. 
      Walters, 46, has been named president and chief operating officer of the 
      company’s life operations. Zlatkus will report 
      to Ramani Ayer, The Hartford’s chairman and 
      chief executive officer. Walters will continue to report to Thomas 
      Marra, The Hartford’s president and chief 
      operating officer. Both leaders will continue to serve as members of the 
      Office of the Chairman.
    


      The promotions are effective May 1, 2008, following a transition period 
      during which Walters and Zlatkus, who are presently co-chief operating 
      officers of The Hartford’s life operations, 
      will prepare to assume their new roles. Zlatkus will succeed current CFO 
      David M. Johnson, who announced in January his intention to leave the 
      company by mid-year. In his new position, Walters will oversee all of 
      The Hartford’s life operations. The Hartford’s 
      life operations have contributed significantly to the company’s 
      growth over the past decade and provide the platform for future global 
      expansion.
    

“Liz and John have both compiled an 
      exceptional record of achievement and we are pleased that our deep 
      reservoir of internal talent has filled two of the most important posts 
      in our organization,” said Ayer. “With 
      Liz leading our finance team, we will continue our focus on capital and 
      enterprise risk management and excellence in financial reporting. And 
      with John at the helm of our life operations, we will continue to 
      leverage our tremendous strengths in distribution and product to fortify 
      our industry leadership in asset accumulation and protection solutions.”


LIZABETH H. ZLATKUS


      Following varied and successful roles in both operations and finance, 
      Zlatkus will now have responsibility for corporate strategy, finance, 
      capital and enterprise risk management, investor relations, real estate, 
      and corporate information systems functions. Her most recent assignment 
      was co-chief operating officer of The Hartford’s 
      life operations and president of International Wealth Management and 
      Group Benefits. Prior to that, Zlatkus held positions of increasing 
      responsibility throughout the company, including chief financial officer 
      for the company’s life operations. Under 
      Zlatkus’s leadership of International Wealth 
      Management and Group Benefits, The Hartford is the leader in variable 
      annuity assets under management in Japan and the number two seller of 
      fully insured group disability and group life insurance in the U.S. 
      Zlatkus joined The Hartford in 1983 and originally served in an 
      accounting capacity for the company’s 
      property and casualty operations.
    

      Zlatkus began her professional career at Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co. 
      (now KPMG). Named to the President’s 
      Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities in 1999, she was 
      appointed to the LOMA board of directors in 2005, and was selected one 
      of the top one hundred “Women to Watch” 
      by Business Insurance in 2000 and 2006. Zlatkus earned a B.S. 
      from Pennsylvania State University and was selected as an alumni fellow 
      in 2003. She serves on the Pennsylvania State University board of 
      visitors.
    

“Liz is a dynamic leader with a wealth of 
      experience in building successful teams across several areas of our 
      company." Ayer said. “In every instance, 
      she has compiled a remarkable record of achievement in driving results, 
      especially in the company’s group benefits 
      and international businesses. With her operational background and proven 
      financial expertise, Liz is an excellent choice for CFO of The Hartford.”


JOHN C. WALTERS


      In his new role, Walters will lead an organization with more than $370 
      billion in assets under management and a mission to develop and 
      distribute superior wealth management products for customers in key 
      markets around the world. Walters joined The Hartford in 2000 from First 
      Union Securities, the brokerage subsidiary of First Union Corp. In 2006, 
      he became president of the company’s U.S. 
      Wealth Management division, and was named co-chief operating officer of 
      life operations in 2007. Under Walters’s 
      leadership, The Hartford successfully built the fastest-growing, 
      non-proprietary, retail mutual-fund family in history to reach $50 
      billion in assets under management. The funds were recently ranked first 
      in the U.S. equity category for 2007 by Barron’s. 
      The company is also a market leader in retail variable annuity assets 
      under management.
    

“For nearly eight years, John has played an 
      integral role in driving the growth and diversification of our life 
      business,” said Marra. “He 
      has an unrelenting focus on winning in this marketplace and has strong 
      vision and foresight on The Hartford’s 
      opportunities in the global retirement landscape. Under John’s 
      leadership, The Hartford has become a major player in the mutual fund 
      business and has made key acquisitions to propel our retirement plans 
      business.”


      Walters earned a B.S. in business and finance from the University of 
      North Carolina, Chapel Hill, and an M.B.A. from Duke University’s 
      Fuqua School of Business. He is also a member of the board of governors 
      of the Investment Company Institute (ICI) and a member of the board of 
      trustees for the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art in Hartford, Conn.
    

CEO SUMMARY


“Today’s 
      announcement is further evidence of The Hartford’s 
      deep bench strength. Liz is an exceptional candidate to fill this 
      critical corporate role and I am equally certain that our life 
      operations will continue to perform well under John’s 
      expanded leadership. Together, these appointments strengthen The Hartford’s 
      position to succeed as we focus on our global leadership in insurance 
      and investments,” Ayer said.
    

      The Hartford, a Fortune 100 company, is one of the nation's largest 
      diversified financial services companies, with 2007 revenues of $25.9 
      billion. The Hartford is a leading provider of investment products, life 
      insurance and group benefits; automobile and homeowners products; and 
      business property and casualty insurance. International operations are 
      located in Japan, the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, and Brazil. The 
      Hartford's Internet address is www.thehartford.com.
    

      HIG-F
    

      Some of the statements in this release may be considered forward-looking 
      statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
      1995. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not 
      guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ 
      materially. Investors should consider the important risks and 
      uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ. These important 
      risks and uncertainties include those discussed in our Quarterly Reports 
      on Form 10-Q, our 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other filings 
      we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no 
      obligation to update this release, which speaks as of the date issued.
    




Contacts

      The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.MediaJoshua 
      King, 860-547-2293joshua.king@thehartford.comorShannon 
      Lapierre, 860-547-5624shannon.lapierre@thehartford.comorInvestorsKim 
      Johnson, 860-547-6781kimberly.johnson@thehartford.comorJR 
      Reilly, 860-547-9140jr.reilly@thehartford.com





















Contacts

      The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.MediaJoshua 
      King, 860-547-2293joshua.king@thehartford.comorShannon 
      Lapierre, 860-547-5624shannon.lapierre@thehartford.comorInvestorsKim 
      Johnson, 860-547-6781kimberly.johnson@thehartford.comorJR 
      Reilly, 860-547-9140jr.reilly@thehartford.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Lizabeth Zlatkus | Hartford Life , Inc. | ZoomInfo.comLizabeth H. Zlatkus, Co - COO, Hartford Life, Pres., International Wealth Management, Group Benefits, Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Lizabeth Zlatkus 





 


Lizabeth Zlatkus

 

Co - COO, Hartford Life, Pres., International Wealth Management, Group Benefits - Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.

 


Lizabeth Zlatkus Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.thehartford.com 

 

Company Address : 
Hartford Plz.690 Asylum Ave., Hartford, CT,United States, 


 


Lizabeth Zlatkus Profile :
Co - COO, Hartford Life, Pres., International Wealth Management, Group Benefits - Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. 

 


Lizabeth Zlatkus Biography :


Lizabeth H. Zlatkus is co-chief operating officer of The Hartford's life operations a position she was elected to in June 2007. She is also president of International Wealth Management and Group Benefits where she oversees the Hartford's international operations; Harford Life Insurance K.K. in Japan Icatu Hartford in Brazil and Hartford Life Limited in the United Kingdom as well as the company's Group Benefits Division where the company is a leading provider of group disability life and accident insurance.Zlatkus' professional career began at Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co. (now known as KPMG). She joined The Hartford in 1983 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in finance risk management and business operations. In 1996 she became director of The Hartford's disability and group life business and was elected senior vice president in 1997. In 1999 she was named head of the Group Benefits Division.Zlatkus was named executive vice president of Hartford Life in March 2000 with overall profit-and-loss responsibility for Hartford Life's Group Benefits Division. That year she was named by Business Insurance magazine as one of 100 "Women to Watch." Zlatkus was named chief financial officer in 2003 and was also given responsibility for actuarial risk management and Hartford Life's information technology area. In February 2006 she was named president of International Wealth Management and Group Benefits.In 1999 Zlatkus was named to The President's Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities. Additionally she served on the HP Financial Services board of advisors as well as on the board of directors of the Hartford Action Plan on Infant Health Inc.She was appointed to the LOMA board of directors in 2005. In September 2006 she again was named to Business Insurance's "Women to Watch" list of 80 insurance leaders.A graduate with distinction from Pennsylvania State University Zlatkus was also selected as an alumni fellow in 2003 and serves on the Pennsylvania State University board of visitors. 

 


Lizabeth Zlatkus Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Edward Kelly 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Gail McGovern 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Paul Kirk 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Michael Morris 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Charles Strauss 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.





Lizabeth H. Zlatkus: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:48 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus  Independent Director, Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships58$120,000
Background

		Ms. Lizabeth H. Zlatkus, also known as Liz, served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hartford Life, Inc. until October 2011. Ms. Zlatkus has spent 28 years with The Hartford Financial Services Group where she held many executive leadership positions. Prior to joining Hartford, she was a senior accountant with KPMG. She served as a Co-President, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of Hartford ... Life Insurance Company. She served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. from May 1, 2008 to March 1, 2010 and served as its served as Executive Vice President from June 2007 to December 31, 2011. She served as the Chief Risk Officer of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. from October 2009 to December 31, 2011. She served as the President of International Wealth Management and Group Benefits of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc., from February 23, 2006 to May 1, 2008 and served as its Co-Chief Operating Officers of The Hartford's life operations from June 2007 to May 1, 2008. She was named Chief Financial Officer in 2003 and was also given responsibility for actuarial, risk management and Hartford Life's information technology area. During her time as Chief Financial Officer, she led the development of Hartford Life's industry-leading risk management and hedging program. She joined Hartford in 1983 in the property-casualty area. She moved to Hartford Life in 1990 and held a number of positions with increasing responsibility. She joined GBD in 1996 and was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2000. During her years at the helm of GBD, the division had cumulative earnings of 19 percent, a consistent ROE of better than 15 percent and became the number two seller of group disability insurance. She began her professional career at Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co. (now known as KPMG). She has been a Director of Computer Sciences Corp., since August 10, 2016. She has been Non-Executive Director of Indivior PLC since September 01, 2016. Ms. Zlatkus has been a Director of Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. and Boston Private Bank & Trust Company since July 1, 2015. She served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Legal & General Group Plc since December 1, 2013 until August 31, 2016. She served as Director of Hartford Life Insurance Company. She was a member of the Hewlett Packard Financial Services Board of Advisors. She served on the LOMA Board of Directors since 2005. She was recognized by Hillary Clinton for her work supporting the disability community and in 1999, participated as a member of The President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities. She served as the Chair of the Pennsylvania State University Business School Board, Finance Chair of the Connecticut Science Center Trustee Board and is a Trustee of the Connecticut Women’s Hall of Fame. Ms. Zlatkus has also served as a Consultant on acquisition, finance and risk issues and works with universities in a variety of capacities. She was named one of the top 100 women executives by Business Insurance magazine, named to the Women Worth Watching List by the Profiles in Diversity Journal in 2000 and 2006, listed as one of Eight Remarkable Women by the Hartford Business Journal in 2008 and presented with the Community Leader of the Year by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation’s Connecticut Chapter. She served as Regulatory Chair for the North American Chief Risk Officers Council. She served as a Director of Computer Sciences Corporation until April 1, 2017. Ms. Zlatkus graduated (B.S.) with distinction from The Pennsylvania State University in 1981, was selected as an Alumni Fellow in 2003 and served as the commencement speaker for the business school in 2013.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Ten Post Office SquareBoston, Massachusetts 02109United StatesPhone: 617-912-1900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentIndependent DirectorBoston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.2015-PresentDirectorBoston Private Bank & Trust Company2016-PresentNon-Executive DirectorIndivior PLC
Education
BS 1981Pennsylvania State University
Other Affiliations
DXC Technology CompanyThe Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.Hartford Life, Inc.Legal & General Group PlcBoston Private Bank & Trust CompanyPennsylvania State UniversityHartford Life Insurance CompanyIndivior PLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$55,000Total Calculated Compensation$120,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSteven R. Gardner Chairman, CEO, President, Chairman of Pacific Premier Bank and CEO of Pacific Premier BankPacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.$600.0KJohn C. Corbett CEO, President and DirectorCenterState Banks, Inc.$918.8KG. Robert Aston Jr.Chairman & CEOTowneBank$900.0KChristopher P. Martin Chairman, CEO PresidentProvident Financial Services, Inc.$689.1KGregory  Garrabrants CEO, President, Director, CEO of Bofi Federal Bank and President of Bofi Federal BankBofI Holding, Inc.$740.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Lizabeth H. Zlatkus (Photo: Business Wire) - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Lizabeth H. Zlatkus (Photo: Business Wire)






Business Wire




May 17, 2011 4:15 PM EDT













 


















































  The Hartford today announced that Lizabeth Zlatkus, executive vice president and chief risk officer, will retire from the company in the fourth quarter of 2011. The Hartford is launching an internal and external search for her successor.   Lizabeth H. Zlatkus (Photo: Business Wire)   “Liz is a talented executive who is known for building strong teams, as well as for her unique breadth of experience and focus on execution excellence,” said Liam E. McGee, The Hartford’s chairman, president and chief executive officer. “We appreciate and value her contributions to The Hartford over the last 28 years, particularly in her most recent role as chief risk officer. She and her team have made significant progress in improving the company’s overall risk profile and fostering a consistent approach to risk management throughout the company.”  Zlatkus joined The Hartford in 1983 in the company’s property and casualty operations. Throughout her career at the company, she served in a variety of operational and finance roles, including president of International Wealth Management and Group Benefits, co-chief operating officer of life operations and chief financial officer of The Hartford. Zlatkus began her professional career at Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co. (now KPMG).  Zlatkus has been recognized for her professional achievements and contributions to the community. In 1999, she participated as a member of The President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities; Business Insurance magazine named Zlatkus as one of the top 100 women executives in 2000 and 2006; and the Connecticut Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation recognized Zlatkus as its Community Leader of the Year in 2009. Zlatkus formerly served on the HP Financial Services Board of Advisors.  She currently serves as Regulatory Chair of the North American CRO Council, and is a member of the Board of Trustees for the Connecticut Science Center and the Pennsylvania State University SMEAL Business School Board of Visitors.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trump Could Still Unleash an Attack on Amazon Real Soon, Doug Kass Says
Here's the call.



Doug Kass

Jul 22, 2017 10:00 AM EDT
























Stocks Are Guilty by Association: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 7/20/17)
Jim Cramer says these market rotations are crushing good stocks that don't deserve it.



Scott Rutt

Jul 21, 2017 6:14 AM EDT
























Risk Happens Fast: Doug Kass
What you need to know.



Doug Kass

Jul 14, 2017 9:43 AM EDT
























Tesla Remains Substantially Overvalued, Doug Kass Warns
Here's what's up.



Doug Kass

Jul 10, 2017 7:15 PM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Lizabeth Zlatkus - Indivior -









































This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site without disabling them, you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more about the types of cookies we use, please view our cookie policy.
Continue using the site

















About >
History
Executive Committee
The Board
Grants








Lizabeth Zlatkus
Non-Executive Director


Liz is a qualified financial and risk expert with international experience, having served on the Boards of large public companies in both the UK and the US. She currently serves as a Non-Executive Director on the Board of Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc., and has experience serving on Audit and Risk Committees. Lizabeth previously served as a Non-Executive Director on the Board of Computer Sciences Corporation, and of Legal & General Group, Plc from December 2013 until August 2016, serving on the Audit, Risk and Nominating Committees.
Lizabeth held a variety of senior roles at The Hartford Financial Services Group during her 28 year tenure from 1983 – 2011, including as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer for the firm. In addition, she held the role of Co-President, Hartford Life Insurance Companies, where she built highly engaged, profitable organizations both domestically and abroad.
Lizabeth has served on a variety of non-profit boards. More recently, she has been a member of the Trustee board of the Connecticut Science Center since December 2010, serving on the executive committee; and is a member of the Penn State Business School Board since September 2003, most recently serving as Chair. She recently served as a Trustee of the Connecticut Women’s Hall of Fame.
Lizabeth graduated with distinction from The Pennsylvania State University in 1981, was selected as an Alumni Fellow in 2003, and served as the commencement speaker for the business school in 2013. 
Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee












You are now leaving Indivior.com to visit Suboxone.com a US product site intended for US residents and healthcare professionals.
Continue
			  
			Return






You are now leaving Indivior.com.
Continue
			  
			Return













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Lizabeth H. Zlatkus — Penn State Smeal College of Business









SMEAL COLLEGE OF BUSINESS
Delivering extraordinary educational experiences and providing the expertise, research, and talent to shape the future of business.











Contact Us












Home
 > 


About Smeal
 > 


Board of Visitors
 > 


Board Members
 > 


Lizabeth H. Zlatkus












Info




                    Lizabeth H. Zlatkus
                








Board DirectorPenn State Smeal College of Business Board of Visitors
Lizabeth H. Zlatkus ’81 is a Board Director, currently serving on two public company boards, Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc., and Indivior, Plc, and sits on several committees including audit, governance, and remuneration.  She recently served on two other large public company boards, Computer Sciences Corp, and Legal & General, Plc.  She is highly engaged in the non-profit community, working for a variety of causes.    
Zlatkus spent 28 years at The Hartford Financial Services Group where she held a variety of senior level roles, including as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer of the firm.  She also led many large divisions of the firm, including the international division, and served as Co-President of Hartford Life Insurance Companies. 
Zlatkus has been recognized for her professional achievements and contributions to the community.  She was recognized by Hillary Clinton for her work supporting the disability community and in 1999, participated as a member of The President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities.   She was profiled on the cover of CFO magazine, named to the Women Worth Watching List by the Profiles in Diversity Journal, and presented with the Community Leader of the Year by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation’s Connecticut Chapter.   Zlatkus served as Regulatory Chair for the North American Chief Risk Officers Council. 
She is Development Chair of the Connecticut Science Center Trustee Board, after serving as Finance and Investment Chair.  She recently served as a Trustee of the Connecticut Women’s Hall of Fame.  She is a member of the Penn State Business School Board, most recently serving as Chair.   She has worked with universities in a variety of capacities, including as a guest lecturer at Columbia University and University of Connecticut.
Zlatkus graduated with distinction from The Pennsylvania State University in 1981, was selected as an Alumni Fellow in 2003, and served as the commencement speaker for the business school in 2013.
















Navigation






                   
                   
                   About Smeal
                   




Location




Administration




Employment




History




Lecture Series




Conferences




Board of Visitors



Honorary Members





Rankings









Smeal News




                Preciado brings lessons learned during fellowship to new role as Penn State Smeal associate dean of undergraduate education
                
                      Jul 27, 2017
                




                Penn State Smeal’s Gray receives IACM Lifetime Achievement Award
                
                      Jul 26, 2017
                




                Hammond brings industry, academic expertise to Penn State Smeal marketing analytics graduate certificate
                
                      Jul 17, 2017
                




Smeal News - 
More…






























Shaklee Independent Distributor

























































Lizabeth H. Zlatkus - Commercial Record













































































 









Mortgage Marketshare Module

 Accurately track commercial and residential lending, measure sales performance against competition and market activity, identify high-performing competitors, and locate and target emerging markets.

LEARN MORE >>

Loan Originator Module

 Access the largest and most comprehensive mortgage loan origination database in New England with round-the-clock interactive access and weekly trend updates.

LEARN MORE >>

Marketing Lists

 Gain access to the most accurate and detailed transaction information in the country and offers a range of marketing lists for more than 130 million households (covering 94% of the U.S. population).

LEARN MORE >>

Custom Research

 Powered by one-of-a-kind real estate, mortgage, and loan origination data, The Warren Group provides custom solutions for your research projects, database expansion, and strategic planning. 

LEARN MORE >>

Real Estate Records Search

 Access the largest and most complete real estate database in New England, including sales, price trends, foreclosures, and town statistics.

LEARN MORE >>






  

SUBSCRIBE | ADVERTISE | MEDIA KIT




LOGIN
LOGOUT
  |  
ACCOUNT 


    








  
 

 






 

 



Select Page


 













    Lizabeth H. Zlatkus  

    Executive Vice President/ Chief Risk Officer The Hartford   
 Reprints | Print  

                                    By Nora Lockwood Tooher  | Commercial Record Staff Writer | September 23, 2011              



Lizabeth Zlatkus will soon be retiring from The Hartford, after a 28-year career that brought her to the upper echelon of the financial services firm. 
But she’s not about to stop working. 
Zlatkus, the company’s executive vice president and chief risk officer, said she plans to take some time off after she retires during the fourth quarter of this year. But after a brief respite, she will begin considering career options. 
“I definitely want to pursue other opportunities,” she said. 
She is interested in serving on corporate boards of directors. Other possibilities include working with nonprofits or in academia.  
Zlatkus has been on the move professionally since she graduated from Pennsylvania State University in 1981.  
In 1983, she started at The Hartford in corporate finance and moved into other financial and operational roles. She has held many senior leadership positions, including president of international wealth management and group benefits; co-chief operating officer of life operations; and chief financial officer. In March 2010, she was named executive vice president and chief risk officer. In her current role, she oversees the company’s risk management processes and functions. 
 When she started out, she said, “I was in the financial area, but I was more interested in the overall business. I would latch myself onto a project and take it farther, and learn things that were broader than just finance. I was really interested in all aspects of how insurance was transacted. 
Supports Diversity 
Zlatkus, who expresses continued interest in women’s issues, said she strongly supports corporate diversity efforts. 
“I’m a big supporter of more women moving up into the higher echelons,” she said, “because that diversity of thought brings a better balance to the company.” 
Zlatkus, who grew up in a Pittsburgh family of five girls, never considered her gender an obstacle. 
“I think I’m very driven, and have a lot of passion to do well and make a difference. That was my upbringing,” she said. “I never really thought of what I couldn’t do; I always thought of the next thing I could do. I am blessed with a wonderful family.”  

Related articles:Union Steps Up Opposition To State Budget Cuts With New AdThe Hartford Chief Risk Officer To RetireMargaret Y. LivingstonCarolyn O’ConnellSuper Women: The 2013 Women Of FireKathleen Murphy

 









 
  
  
 Women of FIRE Archive Select Year 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Special Sections Top 
MOST POPULAR |MOST RECENTHartford Attorney Charged With Larceny Former Bankruptcy Attorney Admits To Stealing Millions From Clients Glastonbury Construction Employee Pleads Guilty To Kickback Scheme Ridgefield Realtor Arrested, Charged With Larceny Woman Sentenced For Stealing $1.7M From Employer Commercial Loan Growth Boosts Earnings At Simsbury Bank Industrial Auction Announced In East Hartford Eleven-Building Industry Park Sold In North Haven Wells Fargo To Refund $80M To Customers Hit By Car Loan Insurance Doctors Indicted For Medicaid Fraud  
Special Sections Bottom   






 
 
 


  

 





























Executive Briefing



					Lizabeth H. Zlatkus				
by The Commercial Record
time to read: 1 min









									Executive Briefing								

									Use Of Bridgeport, Stamford Parking Fee Surpluses …								










									Executive Briefing								

									Conn. Median Income Down 6.1 Percent In 2010								







0 







0 



0 



0 



0















































×
Login
This page requires a paid subscription





Username



Password



Forgot Password  
          New Subscriber


Submit









