










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Zomermaand Financial Advisory Services, L.L.C.                                                                           - Tampa                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Tampa



Business Services, Nec



Financial Services



                            Zomermaand Financial Advisory Services, L.L.C.
                                    



 





















Z 


Zomermaand Financial Advisory Services, L.L.C.                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



192 CORSICA ST TAMPA, FL 33606
Get Directions



(813) 250-9356
 





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $243,854.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Financial Services
 Contacts Deborah A Zomermaand                                                                                                    







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zomermaand Financial Advisory Services, L.l.c.                                                                           is located at 192 Corsica St in Tampa and has been in the business of Financial Services since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











ZOMERMAAND FINANCIAL ADVISORY SERVICES, L.L.C. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ZOMERMAAND FINANCIAL ADVISORY SERVICES, L.L.C.











Company number L03000034401
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 200232219
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 9/11/2003
        

Principal Address
            192 CORSICA STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33606
            


Mailing Address 192 CORSICA STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33606
        
ZOMERMAAND FINANCIAL ADVISORY SERVICES, L.L.C. Principals

M, G, R, M
                Zomermaand Deborah A
                 


Address
                192 CORSICA STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33606
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 3/28/2016
            

2016 3/28/2016
            

2015 1/9/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name REGISTERED AGENTS OF FLORIDA, LLC (c)
        

Agent Address
                100 S.E. 2ND ST., STE. 2900, MIAMI, FL, 33131
                

Description
ZOMERMAAND FINANCIAL ADVISORY SERVICES, L.L.C. has been set up 9/11/2003 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ZOMERMAAND FINANCIAL ADVISORY SERVICES, L.L.C. principal adress is 192 CORSICA STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33606. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 192 CORSICA STREET, TAMPA, FL, 33606. 
The company`s registered agent is REGISTERED AGENTS OF FLORIDA, LLC 100 S.E. 2ND ST., STE. 2900, MIAMI, FL, 33131.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Zomermaand Deborah A. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/28/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ZOMERMAAND MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC.
ZOMERSCHOE CORP.
ZOMESA, LLC
ZOMEX CONSTRUCTION, INC.
ZOM FAIRVIEW, LTD.
ZOM FELLS COVE, LTD.

































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide




































Zeutenhorst Financial



























skip navigation





Account & Policy Login


Contact Us


About AXA Advisors












Contact Info


Phone: 712-722-3878
gretchen.zomermaand@axa-advisors.com


Local Office | Branch Office





Schedule an Appointment



Account Access

Log in to AXA
Online Access Registration









Home


Client Resources


AXA Discovery Process


Discovery Survey Form


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Helpful Resources




Client Profile


Individual


Entity




Periodic Review Survey


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Retirement Scope E-Seminar


Family Love Letter


Customer Service Contacts


Consumer Protection


Beneficiary Resources


Newsletters by Mail


Account Resources




About Us


Our Mission


Products & Services


Strategies for Individuals


Strategies for Businesses


Financial Success


Extensive Provider Choices


AXA in the U.S.


AXA Advisors and You




Farm Succession Planning


Meet the Team


Myths of Financial Planning


Health Insurance




Learning Center

Articles
Calculators
Flipbooks
Newsletters
Videos
Tax Library
LPL Commentaries
Life Insurance Resources



Market Watch


Detailed Quote


Markets at a Glance


Charting


Portfolio




Product Profiles


Annuity 


401K Information Request


Disability Insurance  


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Information Request


Education Funding Profile




Contact Us


Have Us Contact You


Email Us


Appointment Sign-up


Office Locations


Local Office Address


AXA Advisors Branch Office Address


Map to Local Office




AXA Product Support



































































































Text Size: A A A











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Life is full of surprises.   Some are welcome, some are not.  Some inevitably catch you off guard.  And while you may know that choices you make now can affect your ability to deal with these surprises in the future, you may not know where to begin.  That's why it's to your advantage to meet with a trusted financial advisor at Zeutenhorst Financial, Inc.
With over twenty years of experience in financial industry, we at ZFI have learned how to ask the right questions to identify your priorities and assess your risk exposure.  Most people don't realize the extent of their exposure to financial risk until they sit down with us and review their situation carefully and in detail.  It's important to us that you know where you are financially and that you understand the steps you can take to prepare for the unexpected.
Products and Services
ZFI is affiliated with AXA Advisors, LLC, a respected financial services firm and one of the largest companies in the world.  Through that affiliation, we are able to offer you a wide variety of products and services.
ZFI understands that one of our clients' most pressing concerns is Social Security.  Gretchen is knowledgeable about Social Security planning and helps clients figure out when to take Social Security, how to take it, and how to take advantage of the many different Social Security strategies available.
We have also implemented a cutting-edge data integration tool that will allow us to capture your entire financial life in one place.  This gives you simplicity, knowing you can check in one place to see where you are financially.  It also assists us in assessing any gaps in your current financial situation and proposing plans to reduce those risks.
Our specialties include farm and business succession planning.   Gretchen Zomermaand, in coordination with Tom Voorhees, a charted financial consultant who also specializes in farm succession planning, are committed to helping clients find ways to work for the best interests of both their business and their family.





Newsletters




Tax Tips on Capital Gains

Tax season is an opportunity to look at the tax implications of investment strategies and plan for the year ahead.



Student Loans Meet Retirement

Considering a higher-education loan for yourself or others? Here are some factors older adults should keep in mind.



Surprise! It’s Retirement Time

Consider these tips to prepare for the possibility that you might retire earlier than planned.



The State of Social Security

The current state of the Social Security program and possible solutions to address the program's projected shortfall.



More Newsletters »




Calculators




Life Insurance

How much life insurance would you need to produce a sufficient income stream for your family?



Life Expectancy

Knowing your likely life expectancy is an important factor in making long-term financial plans.



Mortgage Acceleration

This calculator can help you determine how soon you can pay off your mortgage.



Lease Payment

How much would your monthly lease payment be?



More Calculators »











Account Access

Log in to AXA
Online Access Registration




Contact Info


Phone: 712-722-3878
gretchen.zomermaand@axa-advisors.com


Local Office | Branch Office





Schedule an Appointment





Career Perspectives


								Helping people is what AXA Advisors is all about.  We are a growing network of more than 5,000 financial professionals throughout 
								America who connect consumers and businesses in their communities with 
								investment products
								and other financial products and services to help them address the futures they build for themselves and their families.
							

								Choosing a company to help you as you build your success is a big decision.  With so many financial services and life insurance 
								companies to choose from, you want to make sure youve aligned yourself with an organization that has history of success and one 
								that presents career opportunities that are right for you.  To discover the various opportunities available with AXA Advisors, 
								explore these recruiting pieces:
							

How will you draw your future?
Experienced Hire Program
A World of Opportunity
Build Your Career


Learn more




Connect with AXA
























AXA Group


								AXA Group is #3 in terms of sales according to statistics compiled by Forbes magazine for its Forbes Global 2000 list of the 
								world’s biggest public entities (Diversified Insurance category) for 2016.*  AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company (AXA Equitable) 
								(NY, NY) is a subsidiary of AXA Financial, Inc., a member of the global AXA Group.  AXA Equitable has sole responsibility for its
								life insurance and annuity obligations.  AXA Group refers to AXA S.A., a French holding company for a group of international 
								insurance and financial services companies, together with its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries.
							

AXA Group - Size and Strength You Can Trust


103 million individuals and corporate clients worldwide2
92 billion Euros in Revenue3
Operations in over 64 countries2
More than 160,000 employees and exclusive sales associates around the world2


								*Values calculated in May 2016: Forbes.com Global 2000

								2 As of 12/31/2015, The AXA Group AT A GLANCE 2016.
								
								3 As of 12/31/10 Figure is $121.6 billion using 12/31/10 closing exchange rate of 1 Euro + $1,337. AXA is based in France, where the 
								official currency is the Euro.
							













Market Watch


Last Closing Prices 


Ticker Name
Percent Difference (when noted with %) otherwise Last Price
Difference (where applicable)





Dow Jones Industrials

21,830.31
+0.15



Nasdaq Composite

6,374.68
-0.12

 


Enter stock ticker symbol:

Get Quote




[
Markets 
  	| 
  	Charts 
  	| 
  	Quotes 
  	| 
  	Portfolio
]


    Market data delayed per exchange rules.
    All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
    © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
  









Home


Client Resources


AXA Discovery Process


Discovery Survey Form


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Helpful Resources




Client Profile


Individual


Entity




Periodic Review Survey


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Retirement Scope E-Seminar


Family Love Letter


Customer Service Contacts


Consumer Protection


Beneficiary Resources


Newsletters by Mail


Account Resources




About Us


Our Mission


Products & Services


Strategies for Individuals


Strategies for Businesses


Financial Success


Extensive Provider Choices


AXA in the U.S.


AXA Advisors and You




Farm Succession Planning


Meet the Team


Myths of Financial Planning


Health Insurance




Learning Center

Articles
Calculators
Flipbooks
Newsletters
Videos
Tax Library
LPL Commentaries
Life Insurance Resources



Market Watch


Detailed Quote


Markets at a Glance


Charting


Portfolio




Product Profiles


Annuity 


401K Information Request


Disability Insurance  


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Information Request


Education Funding Profile




Contact Us


Have Us Contact You


Email Us


Appointment Sign-up


Office Locations


Local Office Address


AXA Advisors Branch Office Address


Map to Local Office




AXA Product Support









					Securities offered through AXA Advisors, LLC (212-314-4600), member 
					FINRA/SIPC.  
					Investment advisory products and services offered through AXA Advisors, LLC, an investment advisor registered with the SEC. Annuity and insurance 
					products 
					
					offered through AXA Network, LLC and its insurance agency subsidiaries. AXA Network, LLC does business in California as AXA Network Insurance 
					Agency of California, LLC and, in Utah, AXA Network Insurance Agency of Utah, LLC. AXA Advisors and its affiliates do not provide tax or legal 
					advice. Individuals may transact business and/or respond to inquiries only in state(s) in which they are properly registered and/or licensed. The 
					information in this web site is not investment or securities advice and does not constitute an offer.
				
Zeutenhorst Financial is not owned or operated by AXA Advisors or AXA Network.
Link to axa.com

			© Emerald Connect, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 

Privacy Policy





Site Map





 








 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































