

	ZOOX Trademark of ZOOX, INC.. Serial Number: 86099950 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Vehicles and Products for locomotion ...
ZOOX










 
Get FREE email alerts













ZOOX  Trademark Information
 ZOOX, INC.
Automobiles




Perfect for these industries

Vehicles and Products for locomotion by land, air or water 





Words that describe this mark
automobiles    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ZOOX trademark by ZOOX, INC. 
                                in MENLO PARK, CA, 94025.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ZOOX trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ZOOX, INC. of the ZOOX trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ZOOX trademark.
                           






On Thursday, October 24, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ZOOX by 
                        ZOOX, INC., MENLO PARK, CA  94025.
                        The USPTO has given the ZOOX 
                        trademark serial  number of  86099950.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ZOOX is 
                        
                        
                                            Rhett V. Barney of 
                                            Lee & Hayes, PLLC,  601 West Riverside, Suite 1400, Spokane WA 99201 
                                .
                            The ZOOX trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Vehicles and Products for locomotion by land, air or water 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ZOOX 
                            is Automobiles. 
                            





Word mark:
 ZOOX


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

3/17/2015



  Serial Number:  
86099950


  Filing Date:  
10/24/2013


 Registration Number:  
4702244 


 Registration Date:  
3/17/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Automobiles


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/11/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

ZOOX, INC.MENLO PARK, CA  94025
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Rhett V. Barney
Lee & Hayes, PLLC
601 West Riverside, Suite 1400
Spokane WA 99201






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (012) - Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air, or water.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ZOOX trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/17/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Rhett V. Barney


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ZOOX trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search zoox on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ZOOX 




ZOOX is providing Automobiles.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Zoox Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:49 AM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of Zoox Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Zoox Inc. provides autonomous self driving taxi service. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.


325 Shanon ParkSuite 909Menlo Park, CA 94025United StatesFounded in 2014



zoox.co







Key Executives for Zoox Inc.




Mr. Tim Kentley Klay


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Jesse Levinson


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Mark Rosekind


      	Chief Safety Innovation Officer
      








Mr. Corrado Lanzone


      	Vice President of Manufacturing Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Zoox Inc. Key Developments

Zoox Inc. Presents at 2017 FORTUNE Brainstorm Tech, Jul-17-2017 02:05 PM
Jun 30 17
Zoox Inc. Presents at 2017 FORTUNE Brainstorm Tech, Jul-17-2017 02:05 PM. Venue: Aspen Meadows Resort, Aspen, Colorado, United States. Speakers: Tim Kentley-Klay, CEO.


Zoox Appoints Corrado Lanzone as Vice President of Manufacturing Operations
May 1 17
Zoox has appointed Corrado Lanzone as its vice president of manufacturing operations. Prior to this appointment, Lanzone worked for Scuderia Ferrari as its production manager. He has also worked with Italian Institute of Welding.


Zoox Appoints Mark Rosekind as Chief Safety Innovation Officer
Apr 4 17
Zoox has appointed Mark Rosekind as its chief safety innovation officer. In his new role, Rosekind would lead the company's efforts to safely develop, test and deploy autonomous vehicles. Prior to this appointment, Rosekind worked for the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) as its head. He has also worked with NASA.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 # 1 Solutions, Inc. United States 101 Transport, Inc. United States 1st Express Inc. United States 24/7 Express Logistics Inc. United States 24:7 Expedite, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Zoox Inc., please visit zoox.co.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



ZOOX  / ZOOX
































































JOIN THE TEAM















Create autonomous mobility.
Explore the Universe.
 
wild@zoox.com


















  1409575D Stock Quote - Zoox Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Zoox Inc   1409575D:US      Acquired   1409575D:US was acquired by 8088:HK   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Zoox, Inc. designs and develops autonomous vehicles. The Company serves customers in the State of California.    Address  325 Shanon Park DriveSuite 909Menlo Park, CA 94025United States   Phone  -   Website   -              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 


A Startup Called Zoox Joins Google and Tesla In the Self-Driving Game | Fortune.comThe 21st Century CorporationSearchSearchTeslaTesla Model 3: Everything You Need to KnowTelecommunicationsSprint Seeks Merger with Charter Communications: ReportCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDFoxconnEnvironmental Regulations Would Be Waived For Planned Foxconn PlantAutomakers have been heavily pursuing the technology. Photograph by Paul Morris—Bloomberg via Getty Imagesself-driving carThis Startup Is the Latest to Enter the Self-Driving RaceJonathan ChewMar 23, 2016Zoox, a startup with aspirations for an Uber-like service, has received a permit from California to begin testing self-driving vehicles on the state's public roads.The company will become the 12th to receive a permit from the state, and joins an illustrious list of autonomous vehicle-dreaming companies to have received permission from California, according to Bloomberg.The list includes Google (goog), Ford (f), Tesla (tsla), Nissan (nsany), Volkswagen (vlkay), and Mercedes-Benz (ddaif).Zoox has long operated under a shroud of mystery—its website is an ode to black. The company was founded in 2014 by Australian designer Tim Kentley-Klay and engineer Jesse Levinson, who reportedly worked at Stanford University with Sebastian Thrun, the first director of Google’s self-driving car program who left to concentrate on his education startup Udacity.Zoox has harbored hopes of launching self-driving taxis by 2020 that will meet National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's guidelines of Level 4 automation, the highest level of automated driving. In a previous interview, Kentley-Klay outlined his plans to dispense with steering wheels or brake pedals, which self-driving cars in a Level 3 designation would have. (Google's self-driving cars are gradually removing steering wheels and pedals from its prototypes.)“We think Level 3, which is what everybody in the auto industry is aiming for, is actually bulls**t,” Kentley-Klay told ReadWriteDrive. “The legislation is saying that, even though the [Level 3] car is driving itself, the driver has to be paying attention. That’s not a self-driving car. That’s a self-defeating car. What is the point?”Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn










GADZOOX NETWORKS INC (ZOOX) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





GADZOOX NETWORKS INC (ZOOX) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
GADZOOX NETWORKS INC


Company Address
5850 HELLYER AVENUESAN JOSE, CA 95138-1004


Company Phone
4083606005


Company Website
www.gadzoox.com


CEO
Bill Sickler


Employees  (as of 6/30/1999) 
146


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
3/31


Status
Priced (7/20/1999)


Proposed Symbol
ZOOX


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$21.00


Shares Offered
3,500,000


Offer Amount
$73,500,000.00


Total Expenses
$875,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
24,587,393


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
1/17/2000


Quiet Period Expiration
8/16/1999


CIK
0001084722




We expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $67,480,000 from the sale of 
the 3,500,000 shares of common stock (approximately $77,733,250 if the 
underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full), at the initial 
public offering price of $21.00 per share, after deducting the underwriting 
discount and estimated offering expenses. 

We expect to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and 
general corporate purposes, including expenditures for research and development 
of new products, sales channel development and other corporate purposes. In 
addition, we may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire businesses, 
products or technologies that are complementary to our current or future 
business and product lines. We are not currently negotiating any acquisitions 
and we have no agreements with any third party for any acquisition. Pending use 
of the net proceeds of this offering, we intend to invest the net proceeds in 
interest-bearing, investment-grade securities.


The competitive environment in the SAN market is still developing. We
anticipate that the market for our products will be highly competitive,
continually evolving and subject to rapid technological change. New SAN products
are being introduced by various server and storage providers, and existing
products will be continually enhanced. We face competition primarily from other
manufacturers of SAN hub and switch products, including Emulex Corporation and
Vixel Corporation in the SAN hub market and Ancor Communications, Inc., Brocade
Communications Systems, Inc. and Vixel Corporation in
the SAN switch market. Furthermore, although we currently offer products that
are complementary to SAN software products offered by companies such as Legato
Systems, Inc. and Veritas Software Corporation, they and other enterprise
software developers may in the future compete with us. We also compete with
providers of data storage solutions that employ traditional technologies,
including SCSI-based technology, such as Adaptec, Inc., LSI Logic Corporation
and QLogic Corporation.
     In addition, as the market for SAN products grows, we may face competition
from traditional networking companies and other manufacturers of networking
equipment. These networking companies may enter the SAN market by introducing
their own products, acquiring an existing SAN infrastructure provider or by
entering into an alliance with an existing SAN provider. It is also possible
that original equipment manufacturer customers could develop and introduce
products competitive with our product offerings. We believe the competitive
factors in the SAN market include the following:
     - product performance and features;
     - product reliability and interoperability;
     - price;
     - strength of distribution channel;
     - ability to meet delivery schedules; and
     - customer service and technical support.
     Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories, significantly greater resources and name recognition and a larger
installed base of customers than we have. As a result, these competitors may
have greater credibility with our existing and potential customers. They also
may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater
resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we can
to ours, which would allow them to respond more quickly than we can to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. In addition, some of
our current and potential competitors have already established supplier or joint
development relationships with divisions of our current or potential customers.
These competitors may be able to leverage their existing relationships to
discourage these customers from purchasing additional products from us or
persuade them to replace our products with their products. Increased competition
could result in pricing pressures, reduced sales, reduced margins, reduced
profits, reduced market share or the failure of our products to achieve or
maintain market acceptance. We may not have the financial resources, technical
expertise or marketing, manufacturing, distribution and support capabilities to
compete successfully in the future. Additionally, we may not be able to compete
successfully against current or future competitors and competitive pressures may
materially harm our business.


Company Description
OVERVIEW
     We are a leading provider of hardware and software products that enable the
creation of networks made up of computers and data storage devices which have
become known as "storage area networks," or SANs. We helped pioneer the
development of SANs by taking the concepts used to connect


 computers to one
another in local area networks and applying those same concepts to the
connection of computers and data storage devices. Our SAN products are based on
fibre channel technology, a set of specifications designed to enable computing
devices to exchange large amounts of data. We have designed our products to
leverage the capabilities of fibre channel technology to enable companies to
better manage the growth of mission-critical data by overcoming the limitations
of the traditional captive storage architecture, and creating a foundation for
data centralization.
     We believe that we have developed the most comprehensive line of products
in the SAN industry. These products include (1) the Bitstrip active hub, a
gigabit fibre channel hub, which provides a cost-effective solution for
entry-level SANs; (2) the Gibraltar line of hubs, a managed hub designed to
provide centralized management of a SAN; (3) the Denali area switch, a fibre
channel switch to support data backup without a server; (4) the Capellix chassis
switch, a switch that can be configured to perform multiple functions by adding
hardware; and (5) the Ventana SAN Manager, a SAN management software application
which provides monitoring and control of SAN devices.
     We began commercial shipments of our SAN products in October 1995. Our
primary customers include original equipment manufacturer customers and
distribution channel partners. Our original equipment manufacturer customers
include Hewlett-Packard Company, Compaq Computer Corporation, Data General
Corporation and Avid Technology, Inc. Additionally, we have developed a two-tier
distribution channel comprised of distributors and resellers including Andataco,
Inc., Bell Microproducts, Inc., Decision Support Systems, Inc., Merisel, Inc.,
Rorke Data, Inc. and Tokyo Electron Limited. According to International Data
Corporation (January 1999), our installed base of fibre channel networking ports
represents the largest share of the total hub and switch ports shipped in the
two years ended December 31, 1998. We believe we have the largest installed base
of SAN networking ports.
     We believe that the SAN infrastructure created by our network products
forms the foundation for a new data management architecture. Just as the
infrastructure created by local area networks, or LANs, formed a platform for
the development of client-server computing, we believe that the SAN
infrastructure has the potential to enable the development of a distributed data
management architecture. We plan to leverage our technological expertise, our
market leadership and the strength of our partnerships to drive the development
of this architecture and create new opportunities for our business.
INDUSTRY BACKGROUND
Growth of Enterprise Data
     The volume of data generated in today's business environment continues to
grow at a significant rate. International Data Corporation (September 1998)
estimates that multiuser disk storage grew from approximately 10,000 terabytes
in 1994 to approximately
116,000 terabytes in 1998, and will reach approximately 1,400,000 terabytes in
2002. This growth in the volume of enterprise data has been fueled by a number
of factors, including:
     - the emergence and rapid growth of data-intensive applications such as
       e-commerce, online transaction processing, web-serving, digital video and
       other multimedia applications and enterprise resource planning;
     - the increasing importance of digital information as a strategic business
       asset;
     - the need for redundant depositories of data to enable continuous access;
     - advances in storage technology and the resulting decline in the cost of
       storage capacity; and
     - a trend toward distributing data in the enterprise client-server
       environment.
Traditional Captive Storage Architecture
     The growth of the amount of enterprise data has resulted in a corresponding
need to manage, share, back-up and make data widely accessible. This need has
traditionally been addressed by connecting individual high-performance
computers, known as servers, to dedicated storage devices. This approach results
in a "captive" storage architecture where storage devices are connected to only
one server, and not to any of the other servers utilized by an enterprise. These
connections are made through the use of the small computer system interface, or
SCSI, technology.
  [GRAPHIC: Graphical representation of the traditional storage architecture.]
     The traditional captive storage architecture has several significant
limitations, including:
     - Capacity Constraints.  Small computer system interface technology cannot
       typically support more than 15 individual disk drives. In general, to add
       additional storage capacity, additional servers must be added, which is
       costly and inefficient.
     - Performance Constraints.  The bandwidth, or rate at which data can be
       transmitted, of commercially-available small computer system interface
       technology is fixed at 40 or 80 megabytes per second. Accordingly, the
       addition of a new storage
       device may not result in a proportional increase in performance because
       the available bandwidth may be fully utilized by the amount of data
       already flowing between the server and the existing storage devices.
       Further, the addition of new storage devices may actually degrade
       performance as more devices compete to utilize available bandwidth.
     - Lack of Management.  Small computer system interface technology does not
       have any inherent capability to manage connections, storage or data. As a
       result, servers are burdened with management tasks. This is cumbersome
       because there is no centralized monitoring and control. This is also
       inefficient because server bandwidth is spent managing data and not
       serving clients, generating a need for more servers. Because of this lack
       of centralized management, we believe the cost of managing storage
       exceeds the cost of the storage devices themselves.
     - Lack of Availability and Disaster Tolerance.  In general, a small
       computer system interface-connected device can only be accessed by its
       dedicated server. If the server becomes unavailable for any reason, such
       as a breakdown of the server or a disaster affecting the entire data
       center, data on its connected storage devices becomes inaccessible. This
       lack of fault and disaster tolerance makes the enterprise vulnerable to
       server or data center failures. Because the small computer systems
       interface standard typically limits the distance between servers and
       storage devices to 25 meters, redundant storage devices in remote
       locations are generally not practical or cost-effective. As a result,
       sustained data availability in a captive storage architecture following a
       system failure or disaster is difficult to achieve.
Development of Fibre Channel
     In 1994, the American National Standards Institute approved the fibre
channel standard as an open standard technology specifically for high
performance, input/output intensive environments such as server-storage
connectivity. Commercially available fibre channel products offer over 1 gigabit
per second of bandwidth. Multiple fibre channel links of up to 10 kilometers
each may be interconnected to enable long distances between servers and storage
devices. Fibre channel technology also enables hundreds of storage devices and
servers to be interconnected.
The Need for a New Storage Architecture
     Despite the greater bandwidth and capacity offered by fibre channel, fibre
channel alone does not address the data management, data availability and
disaster tolerance issues resulting from the growth of enterprise data. A new
storage architecture comprised of a new model for connecting storage devices
with servers and a foundation for distributing data management applications is
needed.
THE GADZOOX SOLUTION
     We sell hardware and software products that create storage area networks,
or SANs, for the intelligent management of enterprise data. To address
limitations of the traditional captive storage architecture, we pioneered the
development of the SAN by leveraging the capabilities of fibre channel to create
a new network architecture that is designed to enable multiple storage devices
to be connected to multiple servers. We believe the combination of our technical
innovation and our market vision has influenced and will continue to impact the
evolution of the SAN market. According to International Data Corporation
(January 1999), our installed base of fibre channel networking ports represents
the largest share of the total hub and switch ports shipped in the two years
ended December 31, 1998. We believe we have the largest installed base of SAN
networking ports.
     We developed some of the first storage area network devices and introduced
products that are designed to manage data from within a SAN without relying on
servers. Our products include an active hub, a hub with intelligent diagnostics,
an area switch and a chassis switch for SANs. Utilizing the proven principles of
centralized network management for local area networks, we were also the first
to deliver managed network devices and management software for SANs. These
devices are designed to centralize the monitoring, diagnosis and control of a
storage area network.
     Our storage area network solution is based on the following topology:
        [GRAPHIC: Graphical representation of the topology of the SAN.]
     Our storage connectivity products address the limitations of traditional
captive storage architectures in the following ways:
Capacity Scalability
     Our hub, switch and SAN management products are designed to allow users to
scale servers and storage capacity independently to meet their individual needs.
For example, our proprietary PerfectPort feature is designed to enable the
reliable linking of multiple hubs and switches to scale storage capacity. As a
result, our products help users realize fibre channel's ability to connect
hundreds of storage devices or subsystems to multiple servers. This is more
cost-effective than the traditional captive storage architecture, which requires
businesses to purchase one or more servers to facilitate the addition of storage
devices.
Increased Performance
     Our products are designed to provide access to data at speeds exceeding 1
gigabit per second. In addition, our Capellix switch has greater port capacity
and a faster switching backplane than the 8-port and 16-port SAN switches
currently available in the market. This enables higher performance and more cost
effective scaling because more devices can be connected through a single
Capellix switch with higher available bandwidth than can be connected through
existing switches. Our products leverage the multiple server/multiple storage
device topology of SANs to allow multiple users simultaneous access to stored
data over independent paths within the SAN. This permits faster access to data
by more users than is possible in a traditional captive storage architecture.
Manageability
     Our management products are designed to provide centralized monitoring and
control of storage and networking devices in a distributed SAN environment. For
example, our proprietary management features and Ventana SAN Manager software
are designed to minimize downtime by monitoring, detecting, isolating and
troubleshooting faults as they occur. Our products leverage the SAN environment
to facilitate the sharing of storage resources, such as tape backup devices and
disk arrays, or disk drives grouped together to provide added storage capacity.
Our products also leverage the SAN environment to reduce the total cost of
ownership of storage networks. We believe that centralized management results in
a total cost of ownership model where the cost of data management is
significantly less than the cost of the storage devices themselves.
Data Availability and Disaster Tolerance
     Our products are designed to further enhance SANs by allowing network
administrators to specify primary and secondary data transmission pathways known
as failover links. SANs are substantially more fault tolerant than the
traditional captive storage architecture because access to storage devices on a
SAN is independent of any single server. As a result, even if one or more
servers fail, data stored on SAN storage devices is still accessible by other
servers connected to the SAN. In addition, because fibre channel allows devices
to be located farther apart physically than small computer system interface
technology, storage devices on the same SAN can be placed in remote locations to
increase disaster tolerance.
     Our products offer the following additional benefits and features:
Interoperability
     Our products leverage the fibre channel arbitrated loop protocol. This
protocol is the most widely-deployed fibre channel standard. As a result, we
believe our products are compatible with substantially all major fibre channel
servers and storage subsystems. This interoperability allows customers to
install our products into their existing small computer system interface
technology, which allows them to better preserve their investment in the
equipment that they already own.
Modular Scalability
     The modular design of our products allows users to scale and upgrade the
capabilities of their SANs as required. Our customers are able to meet their
evolving storage and performance needs through the incremental installation or
upgrade of hubs, switches and SAN management features.
Increased Network Stability
     Our proprietary Reflex feature is integrated in all of our products and is
designed to automatically bypass faulty links and devices to help ensure network
stability. Our proprietary PerfectPort feature is designed to increase the
reliability of each fibre channel link to our hub or switch products. This
enhances the reliability of the SAN. In addition, the use of PerfectPort in each
link enables all devices in the SAN to be interconnected without limitation in
the number of network devices or the distance between SAN devices.
Platform for Advanced Data Management
     Our products are designed to allow storage devices to share data without
the intervention of a server. This feature creates a platform that helps enable
third-party applications such as serverless backup, an application that allows
backups to be performed
over a SAN without a server. Serverless backup helps alleviate servers and local
area networks of backup traffic so they can more effectively serve clients.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$9,211,000


Net Income
-$3,236,000


Total Assets
$25,274,000






Total Liabilities
$22,324,000


Stockholders' Equity
$2,950,000


View all Company Financials for ZOOX


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 9 Total: 9
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
424B1
7/20/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
7/19/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
7/16/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
7/12/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
7/8/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
6/28/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
6/15/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1/A
5/20/1999
Filing



GADZOOX NETWORKS INC
S-1
5/7/1999
Filing



View all SEC Filings for ZOOX




Experts


Auditor
Arthur Andersen LLP


Company Counsel
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.


Company Counsel
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation


Lead Underwriter
Credit Suisse First Boston Corp


Transfer Agent
BankBoston, N.A


Underwriter
Hambrecht and Quist LLC


Underwriter
Morgan Keegan and Co., Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Morrison and Forrester, LLP









News for ZOOX










 Subscribe


                More ZOOX News & Commentary



                Read ZOOX Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































